
                               1 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 22, 2014 Tuesday

Nevada: USDA Provides Aid to 73,000 Rural Californians Impacted by Drought

LENGTH: 892  words

DATELINE: Carson City


United States Department of agriculture, The State of Nevada has issued the
following news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced USDA is providing $9.7 million
in emergency water assistance to 73,000 residents in 11 California counties
experiencing the driest year on record.

"This drought is devastating those who live, work and raise their families in
much of rural California," Vilsack said. "It is threatening the survival of
whole communities and livelihoods of folks throughout the state. From Siskiyou
County in the north to Kern County in the south, this disaster is crippling
communities up and down the 600-mile spine of California.

"The emergency water grants we are announcing today are triple the amount we
committed to when President Obama and I visited the state earlier this year,"
Vilsack added. "I am proud of the work USDA Rural Development staff in
California and Washington, D.C., have done to get this funding to those in need
and the work they have done with municipal leaders in these rural communities to
help residents, businesses and agricultural producers."

Extreme weather, such as the intense drought occurring in the western United
States, is putting a strain on water supplies. The Obama Administration is
committed to increasing investments in the nation's water infrastructure to
mitigate the impact of climate change and to ensure that all Americans have
adequate, safe and reliable water supplies. The National Climate Assessment
released earlier this year illustrates the impact of climate change across the
country.

This announcement is part of broader Obama Administration efforts to help those
impacted by the drought. Through the National Drought Resilience Partnership,
launched as part of President Obama's Climate Action Plan, federal agencies are
working closely with states, local governments, agriculture and other partners
on a coordinated response.

The 25 rural California communities are being helped by funding provided through
USDA's Emergency Community Water Assistance Grant (ECWAG) program. This program
helps rural communities that have experienced a significant decline in the
quantity or quality of drinking water due to an emergency. In January, USDA
streamlined the program's application process to expedite emergency water
assistance to communities in need, particularly in drought-impacted areas.

In addition to support from the ECWAG program, USDA is helping rural communities
meet their water needs through Water and Waste Disposal loans and grants and
Special Evaluation Assistance for Rural Communities and Households (SEARCH)
grants. USDA Rural Development has also approved grant funding to establish a
revolving fund to provide low-interest loans to rural homeowners for household
water wells.

For example, the small community of Cameron Creek Colony in Tulare County is
struggling due to severe drought. About 10 percent of its residents have no
access to water because their wells have run dry. Others have only intermittent
access.

The city of Farmersville, Calif., is receiving a $500,000 ECWAG grant to
construct pipelines connecting Cameron Creek Colony to the Farmersville water
main and linking residents to the water system. This will provide much-needed
relief throughout the community.

The grants announced today are contingent upon the recipients meeting the terms
of the grant agreement.

Since the start of the Obama Administration, USDA Rural Development has invested
more than $310 million to help 345,000 rural Californians receive improved water
or wastewater services.

As California suffers through this drought, the Administration has taken action
to help those struggling to cope with the hardships it has caused, including:

Designated 57 counties as disaster areas, making farmers and ranchers eligible
for emergency loans.
    Targeted $25 million from the Environmental Quality Incentives Program to
help farmers and ranchers implement conservation practices to conserve water,
protect fields from erosion and improve access to water for livestock.
    Invested $5 million in emergency watershed protection.
    Provided $7.6 million to livestock producers through the cost-sharing
Emergency Conservation Program.
    Invested $750,000 to reduce aquatic weeds clogging irrigation screens, pumps
and canals in the Sacramento and San Joaquin River delta.
    Set aside $3.3 million of a $30 million national investment to mitigate
wildfire threats, protect water resources and provide habitat for at-risk
species.
    Made continuing research investments in water conservation and use
efficiency, as well as capacity grants for the University of California's
Institute for Water Resources.
    Established a network of climate hubs, including a sub-hub in Davis, for
risk adaptation and mitigation to climate change.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities. USDA's
investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that stands as
the backbone of our American values.

For more information please visit: http://www.usda.gov/

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               2 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 18, 2014 Friday

Nevada: USDA Provides Aid to 73,000 Rural Californians Impacted by Drought

LENGTH: 892  words

DATELINE: Carson City


United States Department of agriculture, The State of Nevada has issued the
following news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced USDA is providing $9.7 million
in emergency water assistance to 73,000 residents in 11 California counties
experiencing the driest year on record.

"This drought is devastating those who live, work and raise their families in
much of rural California," Vilsack said. "It is threatening the survival of
whole communities and livelihoods of folks throughout the state. From Siskiyou
County in the north to Kern County in the south, this disaster is crippling
communities up and down the 600-mile spine of California.

"The emergency water grants we are announcing today are triple the amount we
committed to when President Obama and I visited the state earlier this year,"
Vilsack added. "I am proud of the work USDA Rural Development staff in
California and Washington, D.C., have done to get this funding to those in need
and the work they have done with municipal leaders in these rural communities to
help residents, businesses and agricultural producers."

Extreme weather, such as the intense drought occurring in the western United
States, is putting a strain on water supplies. The Obama Administration is
committed to increasing investments in the nation's water infrastructure to
mitigate the impact of climate change and to ensure that all Americans have
adequate, safe and reliable water supplies. The National Climate Assessment
released earlier this year illustrates the impact of climate change across the
country.

This announcement is part of broader Obama Administration efforts to help those
impacted by the drought. Through the National Drought Resilience Partnership,
launched as part of President Obama's Climate Action Plan, federal agencies are
working closely with states, local governments, agriculture and other partners
on a coordinated response.

The 25 rural California communities are being helped by funding provided through
USDA's Emergency Community Water Assistance Grant (ECWAG) program. This program
helps rural communities that have experienced a significant decline in the
quantity or quality of drinking water due to an emergency. In January, USDA
streamlined the program's application process to expedite emergency water
assistance to communities in need, particularly in drought-impacted areas.

In addition to support from the ECWAG program, USDA is helping rural communities
meet their water needs through Water and Waste Disposal loans and grants and
Special Evaluation Assistance for Rural Communities and Households (SEARCH)
grants. USDA Rural Development has also approved grant funding to establish a
revolving fund to provide low-interest loans to rural homeowners for household
water wells.

For example, the small community of Cameron Creek Colony in Tulare County is
struggling due to severe drought. About 10 percent of its residents have no
access to water because their wells have run dry. Others have only intermittent
access.

The city of Farmersville, Calif., is receiving a $500,000 ECWAG grant to
construct pipelines connecting Cameron Creek Colony to the Farmersville water
main and linking residents to the water system. This will provide much-needed
relief throughout the community.

The grants announced today are contingent upon the recipients meeting the terms
of the grant agreement.

Since the start of the Obama Administration, USDA Rural Development has invested
more than $310 million to help 345,000 rural Californians receive improved water
or wastewater services.

As California suffers through this drought, the Administration has taken action
to help those struggling to cope with the hardships it has caused, including:

Designated 57 counties as disaster areas, making farmers and ranchers eligible
for emergency loans.
    Targeted $25 million from the Environmental Quality Incentives Program to
help farmers and ranchers implement conservation practices to conserve water,
protect fields from erosion and improve access to water for livestock.
    Invested $5 million in emergency watershed protection.
    Provided $7.6 million to livestock producers through the cost-sharing
Emergency Conservation Program.
    Invested $750,000 to reduce aquatic weeds clogging irrigation screens, pumps
and canals in the Sacramento and San Joaquin River delta.
    Set aside $3.3 million of a $30 million national investment to mitigate
wildfire threats, protect water resources and provide habitat for at-risk
species.
    Made continuing research investments in water conservation and use
efficiency, as well as capacity grants for the University of California's
Institute for Water Resources.
    Established a network of climate hubs, including a sub-hub in Davis, for
risk adaptation and mitigation to climate change.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities. USDA's
investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that stands as
the backbone of our American values.

For more information please visit: http://www.usda.gov/

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               3 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 20, 2014 Sunday

Washington: USDA Provides Aid to 73,000 Rural Californians Impacted by Drought

LENGTH: 554  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Agriculture, The Government of USA has issued the following
news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced USDA is providing $9.7 million
in emergency water assistance to 73,000 residents in 11 California counties
experiencing the driest year on record.

"This drought is devastating those who live, work and raise their families in
much of rural California," Vilsack said. "It is threatening the survival of
whole communities and livelihoods of folks throughout the state. From Siskiyou
County in the north to Kern County in the south, this disaster is crippling
communities up and down the 600-mile spine of California.

"The emergency water grants we are announcing today are triple the amount we
committed to when President Obama and I visited the state earlier this year,"
Vilsack added. "I am proud of the work USDA Rural Development staff in
California and Washington, D.C., have done to get this funding to those in need
and the work they have done with municipal leaders in these rural communities to
help residents, businesses and agricultural producers."

Extreme weather, such as the intense drought occurring in the western United
States, is putting a strain on water supplies. The Obama Administration is
committed to increasing investments in the nation's water infrastructure to
mitigate the impact of climate change and to ensure that all Americans have
adequate, safe and reliable water supplies. The National Climate Assessment
released earlier this year illustrates the impact of climate change across the
country.

This announcement is part of broader Obama Administration efforts to help those
impacted by the drought. Through the National Drought Resilience Partnership,
launched as part of President Obama's Climate Action Plan, federal agencies are
working closely with states, local governments, agriculture and other partners
on a coordinated response.

The 25 rural California communities are being helped by funding provided through
USDA's Emergency Community Water Assistance Grant (ECWAG) program. This program
helps rural communities that have experienced a significant decline in the
quantity or quality of drinking water due to an emergency. In January, USDA
streamlined the program's application process to expedite emergency water
assistance to communities in need, particularly in drought-impacted areas.

In addition to support from the ECWAG program, USDA is helping rural communities
meet their water needs through Water and Waste Disposal loans and grants and
Special Evaluation Assistance for Rural Communities and Households (SEARCH)
grants. USDA Rural Development has also approved grant funding to establish a
revolving fund to provide low-interest loans to rural homeowners for household
water wells.

For example, the small community of Cameron Creek Colony in Tulare County is
struggling due to severe drought. About 10 percent of its residents have no
access to water because their wells have run dry. Others have only intermittent
access.

The city of Farmersville, Calif., is receiving a $500,000 ECWAG grant to
construct pipelines connecting Cameron Creek Colony to the Farmersville water
main and linking residents to the water system. This will provide much-needed
relief throughout the community.

For more information please visit: http://www.usda.gov

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               4 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 21, 2014 Monday

Nevada: USDA Provides Aid to 73,000 Rural Californians Impacted by Drought

LENGTH: 962  words

DATELINE: Carson City


United States Department of agriculture, The State of Nevada has issued the
following news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced USDA is providing $9.7 million
in emergency water assistance to 73,000 residents in 11 California counties
experiencing the driest year on record.

"This drought is devastating those who live, work and raise their families in
much of rural California," Vilsack said. "It is threatening the survival of
whole communities and livelihoods of folks throughout the state. From Siskiyou
County in the north to Kern County in the south, this disaster is crippling
communities up and down the 600-mile spine of California.

"The emergency water grants we are announcing today are triple the amount we
committed to when President Obama and I visited the state earlier this year,"
Vilsack added. "I am proud of the work USDA Rural Development staff in
California and Washington, D.C., have done to get this funding to those in need
and the work they have done with municipal leaders in these rural communities to
help residents, businesses and agricultural producers."

Extreme weather, such as the intense drought occurring in the western United
States, is putting a strain on water supplies. The Obama Administration is
committed to increasing investments in the nation's water infrastructure to
mitigate the impact of climate change and to ensure that all Americans have
adequate, safe and reliable water supplies. The National Climate Assessment
released earlier this year illustrates the impact of climate change across the
country.

This announcement is part of broader Obama Administration efforts to help those
impacted by the drought. Through the National Drought Resilience Partnership,
launched as part of President Obama's Climate Action Plan, federal agencies are
working closely with states, local governments, agriculture and other partners
on a coordinated response.

The 25 rural California communities are being helped by funding provided through
USDA's Emergency Community Water Assistance Grant (ECWAG) program. This program
helps rural communities that have experienced a significant decline in the
quantity or quality of drinking water due to an emergency. In January, USDA
streamlined the program's application process to expedite emergency water
assistance to communities in need, particularly in drought-impacted areas.

In addition to support from the ECWAG program, USDA is helping rural communities
meet their water needs through Water and Waste Disposal loans and grants and
Special Evaluation Assistance for Rural Communities and Households (SEARCH)
grants. USDA Rural Development has also approved grant funding to establish a
revolving fund to provide low-interest loans to rural homeowners for household
water wells.

For example, the small community of Cameron Creek Colony in Tulare County is
struggling due to severe drought. About 10 percent of its residents have no
access to water because their wells have run dry. Others have only intermittent
access.

The city of Farmersville, Calif., is receiving a $500,000 ECWAG grant to
construct pipelines connecting Cameron Creek Colony to the Farmersville water
main and linking residents to the water system. This will provide much-needed
relief throughout the community.

The grants announced today are contingent upon the recipients meeting the terms
of the grant agreement.

Since the start of the Obama Administration, USDA Rural Development has invested
more than $310 million to help 345,000 rural Californians receive improved water
or wastewater services.

As California suffers through this drought, the Administration has taken action
to help those struggling to cope with the hardships it has caused, including:

Designated 57 counties as disaster areas, making farmers and ranchers eligible
for emergency loans.
    Targeted $25 million from the Environmental Quality Incentives Program to
help farmers and ranchers implement conservation practices to conserve water,
protect fields from erosion and improve access to water for livestock.
    Invested $5 million in emergency watershed protection.
    Provided $7.6 million to livestock producers through the cost-sharing
Emergency Conservation Program.
    Invested $750,000 to reduce aquatic weeds clogging irrigation screens, pumps
and canals in the Sacramento and San Joaquin River delta.
    Set aside $3.3 million of a $30 million national investment to mitigate
wildfire threats, protect water resources and provide habitat for at-risk
species.
    Made continuing research investments in water conservation and use
efficiency, as well as capacity grants for the University of California's
Institute for Water Resources.
    Established a network of climate hubs, including a sub-hub in Davis, for
risk adaptation and mitigation to climate change.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities. USDA's
investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that stands as
the backbone of our American values.

#

USDA is an equal opportunity provider and employer. To file a complaint of
discrimination, write to USDA, Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights, Office of
the Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights, 1400 Independence Avenue, S.W., Stop
9410, Washington, DC 20250-9410, or call toll-free at (866) 632-9992 (English)
or (800) 877-8339 (TDD) or (866) 377-8642 (English Federal-relay) or (800)
845-6136 (Spanish Federal-relay)

For more information please visit: http://www.usda.gov/

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               5 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 17, 2016 Saturday

Washington: Durbin Announces $25.3 Million For Rural Development Projects In
Illinois

LENGTH: 693  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Dick Durbin has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Senator Dick Durbin (D-IL) today announced that the U.S. Department of
Agriculture (USDA) has awarded $25,323,840 in federal funding, including
$3,011,840 in grant awards, to support rural development projects across
Illinois. Today's funding, provided through the USDA's Rural Business
Development grant and loan programs, will support water and waste infrastructure
projects and local economic development.





 "This federal investment will create local, good-paying jobs in communities
across Illinois, in addition to helping protect public health, safety, and
welfare of their residents," Durbin said.



 Emergency Community Water Assistance Program



 The Emergency Community Water Assistance Program is used to help communities
prepare for, or recover from, a natural disaster that threatens the availability
of safe, reliable drinking water for households and businesses. Additionally,
Emergency Community Water Assistance Grants seek to save taxpayer dollars by
establishing good practices that improve the environment and assist local
manufacturers and other types of businesses in expanding operations.



 ·         Greene County Rural Water (Carrollton, Illinois): awarded an
Emergency Community Water Assistance Grant of $35,840 to restore two areas that
were damaged due to heavy rains and flash flooding.



 ·         Jersey County Rural Water Company (Jerseyville, Illinois): awarded an
Emergency Community Water Assistance Grant of $150,000 to restore eleven areas
that were damaged due to heavy rains and flash flooding.



 Water and Waste Disposal Program



 The Rural Water and Waste Disposal Loan Program is used to develop drinking
water and waste disposal systems, including solid waste disposal and storm
drainage systems in rural areas and towns with populations under 10,000. Funds
are available to public entities such as municipalities, counties,
special-purpose districts, Indian tribes, and corporations not operated for
profit. Additionally, Water and Waste Disposal Grants seek to reduce water and
waste disposal costs to a reasonable level for rural areas.



 ·         City of Monticello (Monticello, Illinois): awarded a Water and Waste
Disposal Loan of $14,285,000 to construct a new wastewater treatment plant. This
new wastewater treatment plant will serve over 5,500 residents in Monticello.



 ·         EJ Water Cooperative (Dieterich, Illinois): awarded a Water and Waste
Disposal Loan of $1,730,000 to construct 57 miles of water main and related
appurtenances. This new water main will supply safe drinking water to
approximately 132 residents in Shelby, Cumberland and Christian counties.



 ·         Mound City (Mound City, Illinois): awarded a Water and Waste Disposal
Loan of $1,770,000 and a grant of $969,000 to construct a new wastewater
treatment plant. This new wastewater treatment plant will serve approximately
588 residents in Mound City.



 ·         Scottville Rural Water Company (Palmyra, Illinois): awarded a Water
and Waste Disposal Loan of $497,000 to guarantee the loan file for Scottsville
Rural Water Company with CNB Bank & Trust, NA in Carrollton acting as the
lender.



 ·         Village of Aroma Park (Aroma Park, Illinois): awarded a Water and
Waste Disposal Loan of $1,420,000 and a grant of $1,000,000 to replace 13,100
linear feet of deteriorating iron ductile force sewer main with PVC piping. This
new project will serve approximately 743 residents in Aroma Park.



 ·         Village of Palmyra (Palmyra, Illinois): awarded a Water and Waste
Disposal Loan of $726,000 and a grant of $241,000 to construct a new pedestal
tank, appurtenances, PVC pipe, and five flushing hydrants.





 ·         Washington County Water Company (Nashville, Illinois): awarded a
Water and Waste Disposal Loan of $1,884,000 and a grant of $616,000 to construct
40 miles of water line in rural Randolph County. This new project will provide
safe drinking water to approximately 126 residents in Randolph County.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               6 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 17, 2016 Saturday

Washington: Durbin Announces $25.3 Million For Rural Development Projects In
Illinois

LENGTH: 693  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Dick Durbin has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Senator Dick Durbin (D-IL) today announced that the U.S. Department of
Agriculture (USDA) has awarded $25,323,840 in federal funding, including
$3,011,840 in grant awards, to support rural development projects across
Illinois. Today's funding, provided through the USDA's Rural Business
Development grant and loan programs, will support water and waste infrastructure
projects and local economic development.





 "This federal investment will create local, good-paying jobs in communities
across Illinois, in addition to helping protect public health, safety, and
welfare of their residents," Durbin said.



 Emergency Community Water Assistance Program



 The Emergency Community Water Assistance Program is used to help communities
prepare for, or recover from, a natural disaster that threatens the availability
of safe, reliable drinking water for households and businesses. Additionally,
Emergency Community Water Assistance Grants seek to save taxpayer dollars by
establishing good practices that improve the environment and assist local
manufacturers and other types of businesses in expanding operations.



 ·         Greene County Rural Water (Carrollton, Illinois): awarded an
Emergency Community Water Assistance Grant of $35,840 to restore two areas that
were damaged due to heavy rains and flash flooding.



 ·         Jersey County Rural Water Company (Jerseyville, Illinois): awarded an
Emergency Community Water Assistance Grant of $150,000 to restore eleven areas
that were damaged due to heavy rains and flash flooding.



 Water and Waste Disposal Program



 The Rural Water and Waste Disposal Loan Program is used to develop drinking
water and waste disposal systems, including solid waste disposal and storm
drainage systems in rural areas and towns with populations under 10,000. Funds
are available to public entities such as municipalities, counties,
special-purpose districts, Indian tribes, and corporations not operated for
profit. Additionally, Water and Waste Disposal Grants seek to reduce water and
waste disposal costs to a reasonable level for rural areas.



 ·         City of Monticello (Monticello, Illinois): awarded a Water and Waste
Disposal Loan of $14,285,000 to construct a new wastewater treatment plant. This
new wastewater treatment plant will serve over 5,500 residents in Monticello.



 ·         EJ Water Cooperative (Dieterich, Illinois): awarded a Water and Waste
Disposal Loan of $1,730,000 to construct 57 miles of water main and related
appurtenances. This new water main will supply safe drinking water to
approximately 132 residents in Shelby, Cumberland and Christian counties.



 ·         Mound City (Mound City, Illinois): awarded a Water and Waste Disposal
Loan of $1,770,000 and a grant of $969,000 to construct a new wastewater
treatment plant. This new wastewater treatment plant will serve approximately
588 residents in Mound City.



 ·         Scottville Rural Water Company (Palmyra, Illinois): awarded a Water
and Waste Disposal Loan of $497,000 to guarantee the loan file for Scottsville
Rural Water Company with CNB Bank & Trust, NA in Carrollton acting as the
lender.



 ·         Village of Aroma Park (Aroma Park, Illinois): awarded a Water and
Waste Disposal Loan of $1,420,000 and a grant of $1,000,000 to replace 13,100
linear feet of deteriorating iron ductile force sewer main with PVC piping. This
new project will serve approximately 743 residents in Aroma Park.



 ·         Village of Palmyra (Palmyra, Illinois): awarded a Water and Waste
Disposal Loan of $726,000 and a grant of $241,000 to construct a new pedestal
tank, appurtenances, PVC pipe, and five flushing hydrants.





 ·         Washington County Water Company (Nashville, Illinois): awarded a
Water and Waste Disposal Loan of $1,884,000 and a grant of $616,000 to construct
40 miles of water line in rural Randolph County. This new project will provide
safe drinking water to approximately 126 residents in Randolph County.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               7 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                      March 10, 2002 Sunday, Final Edition

Tapping into disaster aid takes creativity;
The federal agency charged with emergencies has never dealt with drought. But
there are funds out there.

BYLINE: BART JANSEN Staff Writer

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1696 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The broad relief that the Federal Emergency Management Agency provides victims
of floods, hurricanes and other natural disasters may be unavailable to
communities ravaged by a drought that extends from Maine to Florida. Instead,
the U.S. Department of Agriculture is taking the lead role in drought relief.
But the grants and loans that the USDA provides are generally aimed at helping
with crop damage. The agency does not deal with such problems as aiding
communities that run out of potable water, a growing issue in Maine towns that
rely on wells or reservoirs.

Federal statute authorizes FEMA to assist in disasters that overwhelm state
resources, including "hurricane, tornado, storm, high water, wind-driven water,
tidal wave, tsunami, earthquake, volcanic eruption, landslide, mudslide,
snowstorm or drought."

Money has poured from the agency in times of great need. FEMA has spent $1.8
billion to $4.3 billion a year during the last decade on disasters such as the
Northridge earthquake in California and the Red River floods in the Midwest.
Agriculture's domain

But the agency has never handled drought as a disaster.

"Never," said Janice Melton, a regional FEMA spokesman. "FEMA hasn't
historically been involved because it has fallen under the direction of
agriculture, except when it affects unemployment."

FEMA's lack of experience in this area concerns Maine officials because the
agency historically has broad powers to deploy ample assistance. FEMA has the
authority to pay up to 75 percent of certain costs a community suffers in a
declared emergency.

At issue in Maine and other states is a drought that started in 2001 and is
causing mounting hardship. Private and community wells in some parts of Maine
have run dry. The town of York is considering a proposal to buy water from
neighboring communities as its surface water supply runs low. State legislators
are facing emergency bills to waive the sales tax on bottled water and to
streamline the permitting process for homeowners to have companies drill
additional wells on their properties.

Maine, New Jersey and South Carolina are being particularly hard hit by the dry
spell, though states along the Eastern Seaboard are experiencing problems.

Melton declined to speculate on whether FEMA could find a way to aid states with
drought relief in 2002.

Even without financial assistance, Maine officials say they appreciated FEMA's
interest in drought conditions here. The agency last week sent three officials
to meet with members of a state drought task force that monitors local relief
efforts.

"It was two days of mutual education," said Lynette Miller, a spokeswoman for
the Maine Emergency Management Agency.
Creative federal help

Federal officials meanwhile have found several creative ways to help Mainers
cope with the ongoing drought. The different streams of funding mostly pay for
drilling wells where water supplies have run dry.

The obscure funding programs flow from the U.S. Department of Agriculture and
the Department of Housing and Urban Development.

If Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman declares a farm emergency for the drought,
the result will be low-interest loans for farmers and not the kind of broad
relief that FEMA provides.

Gov. Angus King wrote Veneman a letter Jan. 14 requesting a disaster
declaration. Part of the justification was damage that crops suffered last year
and part was in anticipation of dry weather for the rest of 2002. A decision is
expected soon.

"We're expecting to hear any day," said Dave Lavway, state director of the Farm
Service Agency, which coordinates disaster relief. "I think the awareness is
beginning to hit that we might have a problem for the next year or so."

If Veneman declares a farm disaster, farmers could borrow up to $500,000 at 3.75
percent over seven years to cover damage from the drought.
Livestock farmers hit

In a survey two weeks ago, officials heard from 102 livestock farmers in Maine
who reported problems with dry wells or slow recharge. Dairy cows drink a lot of
water.

"Anecdotally, we have heard that they are coming in a lot more in the last week
or so," said Brent Mullis, program specialist for the Farm Service Agency.

Farm officials notified a state drought task force Thursday about approval of a
$400,000 grant program that will match farmer costs to install wells or water
pipelines. This conservation program will pay 64 percent of a farmer's costs to
truck water to his property temporarily or half the cost of permanent
improvements such as a well.

Federal officials in Maine also have steered funding for drought relief from
unusual sources. The common thread is financial assistance for housing.

Agriculture, for example, has a rural-development program that helps homeowners
repair and upgrade property, usually with roofs and siding. But participants
don't have to be farmers - like with a disaster - and the advantage over some
other federal programs is that individuals can get assistance for their own
homes.

Mostly the program serves elderly homeowners with low income. Residents younger
than 62 can get loans up to $20,000 at 1 percent interest for 20 years.
Residents at least 62 years old can get grants up to $7,500. To qualify, a
family of two in York County must earn less than $18,150.

"People are calling and telling us they've been out of water for four months and
they've been lugging water and need assistance," said Veronica Johnson, a loan
assistant who handles York County cases. "Some of the ladies will put buckets
out on the porch to catch melting snow to fill their toilets. Then they'll buy
water in the store to drink. They say they have done it for four or six months."

Last year, the program distributed nearly $1.1 million in grants and loans
statewide, and $358,938 this fiscal year since July 1.

The drought is consuming a growing share of the program, with $233,412 in grants
and loans so far this year paying for 48 new wells, said Debora Berry, who works
with the program covering seven counties in southern Maine.
Community projects

"I think we do some unique things to get out there to sell the programs," said
Berry, who attends educational programs to promote the program.

Southern Maine accounted for a majority of the projects.

Androscoggin, Cumberland, Franklin, Kennebec, Oxford, Sagadahoc and York
counties had 10 grants and 24 loans worth a total of $169,240. Applications for
four more grants and three loans totaling $39,420 are still pending.

Recipients are grateful for the assistance. "I get lots of hugs," Johnson said.

Community projects are also funded through the program. In the past week North
Haven received a $175,000 grant to expand the town's water system and the Alfred
water district got a $1.1 million loan to expand and upgrade its system.

Two other experimental programs are under the U.S. Department of Housing and
Urban Development.

Tapping the programs for drought relief is unusual, with regional and national
spokesmen for the program saying they hadn't heard of this strategy in other
states.

One program is called community development block grants, typically used for
economic development. Under an experimental program in Washington and Aroostook
counties, residents are grouping together to replace wells and septic systems,
said Mike Baran, technical assistant manager at the state Department of Economic
Community Development.

The program is just getting started in Jonesport. But in the northern tip of the
state, from Presque Isle to Madawaska, the Northern Aroostook Well and Septic
Project drilled 33 new or replacement wells and installed 44 septic systems at a
total of 65 homes.

The group assembled $300,000 from the housing department with $780,000 from
agriculture's rural-development program and the state Department of
Environmental Protection.

An initial requirement is that an entire community must organize to apply for
the funding. Income limits also apply to participants, at $32,400 for a family
of four. But there is still a waiting list of 50 more applicants seeking
assistance.

"They are expecting this time around to have more polluted wells or nonexistent
wells or dry wells," Baran said. "The goal is to help the worst stricken and the
neediest of the needy."

The Maine State Housing Authority also has an experimental program in
Cumberland, Washington and Knox counties that uses federal money for home
repairs including drought relief. The program is for people looking to fix a
leaky roof, replace bad wiring, remove lead-based paint - or drill a new well.

One hitch is that all parts of a house must be brought up to federal standards
under the program, not just the water supply, according to Roger Bondeson, the
authority's housing services manager.

"It would be difficult to divert funds away from that to just the wells," he
said. "With federal money comes a lot of strings."

Residents earning below a certain amount - $43,100 for a family of four in the
Portland area - could get a loan for up to $15,000 at 1 percent interest for 15
years. People with even lower incomes can get loans forgiven if they live in the
same house for five years.

So far, the program has given 15 loans and has five pending, with two for wells.
Bondeson said six of the 25 inquiries he got about the program since Jan. 1 were
about wells.

The Maine Rural Water Association, which is funded by Environmental Protection
Agency grants and membership fees, has held five seminars about the short water
supply, where some of these federal officials trade notes and get the word out
about their programs. The next is March 19 in Freeport.

But Carlton Gardner, training specialist for the group, said the forecast for
emergency funding is no more promising than the weather.

"Right now, if any of our public water supplies run out of water, there is no
emergency source of money that I know of," he said. "We're just trying to get
the word out and saying you need to make emergency preparations."

Staff Writer Bart Jansen can be reached at 202-488-1119 or at:

bjansen@pressherald.com

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: The Long Dry Season EDITOR'S NOTE: This is one of a series of stories
the Portland Press Herald/Maine Sunday Telegram will publish about the drought
and its impact on Maine.

GRAPHIC: Gov. Angus King has asked U.S. Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman to
declare a drought disaster. A decision is due soon.

                 Copyright 2002 Blethen Maine Newspapers, Inc.


                               8 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             October 7, 2016 Friday

Washington: U.S. Department of Education Awards $480,000 to Flint, Michigan
Schools

LENGTH: 2034  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: U.S. Department of Education has issued the following news release:




 The U.S. Department of Education's Office of Safe and Healthy Students today
awarded Flint Community Schools in Flint, Michigan a Project School Emergency
Response to Violence (SERV) grant totaling $480,000. The grant will be used to
restore the learning environment following the water crisis that began in 2014
that left residents with lead-contaminated drinking water.





 The crisis has disrupted the education of thousands of students as well as
their parents, teachers, administrators, and support personnel. And it has
placed increased demands on Flint's schools that educate and support the
children of Flint.



 "Helping the people of Flint recover from this water crisis is our collective
responsibility," said U.S. Secretary of Education John B. King Jr. "This Project
SERV grant will help the students and educators foster a nurturing school
environment.We want those impacted to receive the supports they need to work
through this difficult situation."



 Project SERV provides funding for local educational agencies and institutions
of higher education that have experienced a significant violent or traumatic
event and need resources to respond, recover, and re-establish a safe
environment conducive to learning. There are two types of Project SERV
awards--Immediate Services and Extended Services. Immediate Services grants, one
of which was awarded to Flint Community Schools, provide emergency, short-term
assistance to affected school districts or colleges and universities. Extended
Services grants assist school districts and colleges and universities in
carrying out the long-term recovery efforts that may be needed following a
significant, traumatic event. To date, the Office of Safe and Healthy Students
has awarded nearly $44 million to 140 grantees, including Flint Community
Schools, since the grants program began in 2001.



 Flint Community Schools has faced significant challenges as a result of the
city-wide water crisis that has impacted nearly every facet of the community.
Many families have left the community. Students whose families stayed have been
dealing with many challenges associated with having contaminated water
--preparing meals, bathing, washing clothes, and more. Flint Community Schools
have felt that impact in areas ranging from attendance to discipline to social
work services.



 The district, in partnership with the community and state, is working to
provide continued supports and resources for students, families, and community
members--with a central focus on improving schools while delivering high-quality
and effective teaching and learning. It will use its Project SERV grant to hire
four assistant attendance specialists, who will identify and support students
who are repeatedly absent. The attendance specialists will make home visits to
assess the family environment and to collaborate with school staff to develop
interventions and customized educational plans for truant students.



 The district also will hire three responsive service school counselors and two
school psychologists to address the mental health needs of its students. Staff
in these positions will help design, develop, implement and evaluate a
comprehensive, developmental and systematic Responsive Service School Counseling
program. In addition three additional speech therapists will be hired to handle
the increase in special education referrals and requests for testing from
parents.



 President Obama and the Administration are supporting efforts in Flint to
assist those affected by contaminated water. The President issued an emergency
declaration for the state of Michigan and ordered federal aid to supplement
state and local response efforts. The U.S. Department of Health and Human
Services (HHS) is the lead federal agency responsible for coordinating federal
support for response and recovery efforts in Flint. Other federal agencies are
also pitching in to assist the citizens of Flint. Some of those efforts are
listed below. A complete list of federal efforts can be found here.

 Administration Supported Efforts in Flint



     The Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) expanded Medicaid
coverage for children up to age 21 and for pregnant women impacted by lead
exposure. Thousands of additional children and pregnant women became eligible
for Medicaid coverage, and 30,000 current Medicaid beneficiaries in the area
became eligible for expanded services. In addition, CMS awarded $300,000 to the
Greater Flint Health Coalition to support and coordinate outreach and enrollment
efforts to get more eligible children enrolled in Medicaid and the Children's
Health Insurance Program, and to help connect children to available resources.

     In January 2016, USDA approved the Michigan Department of Education's (MDE)
request for additional funds totaling $62,700 through the Fresh Fruit and
Vegetable Program, which provides fresh fruits and vegetables at no cost to
students in eligible schools. These funds, along with practical technical
assistance on menu planning strategies, are designed to aid schools in
identifying and incorporating more foods high in vitamin C, calcium, and iron
that may help reduce lead levels in the body. In August 2016, USDA approved
MDE's request for additional FFVP funds in the amount of $158,750 for immediate
expansion of the FFVP in Flint, which will be used to provide grants to all
eligible Genesee County schools that applied and qualified for SY 2016-17 FFVP
funds.

     USDA is promoting access to healthy school lunches by encouraging all
eligible Flint Community Schools and other Flint-area schools to consider
participating in the Community Eligibility Provision (CEP). The CEP ensures
access to free school meals for all children enrolled in a school. In the
affected Flint area, at least 28 schools, serving over 144,000 students, are
eligible to adopt this provision. USDA is working in collaboration with the
state of Michigan to help as many eligible schools as possible adopt the
provision. This provision targets high-poverty schools and has proven successful
in ensuring more kids benefit from nutritious school meals.

     HHS and its family of agencies, the Federal Emergency Management Agency
(FEMA), the Environmental Protection Agency, the Small Business Administration
(SBA), the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA), and the U.S. Department of
Housing and Urban Development (HUD) provided bottled water, water filters and
other necessary related items to help. FEMA provided more than 26.9 million
liters of water to the state for distribution, 50,000 water and pitcher filters,
and more than 243,800 filter replacement cartridges. HUD worked with the Flint
Housing Commission to ensure 100 percent installation as well as future upkeep
of water filters in every unit of public housing and in HUD's federally assisted
and HUD-insured properties. In addition, HUD worked with local partners to
ensure that water was delivered to seniors and disabled residents in public
housing.

     EPA continues to monitor restoration of the city's water system.

     The U.S. Department of Transportation provided more than $500,000 to help
increase transportation services for older adults to non-emergency medical care
as well as to health, wellness, and prevention activities such as recreation
centers, parks, and farmers markets.

     Experts from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and the Agency
for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry gathered water and blood lead level
data, going back before the water crisis began, to estimate the severity of the
problem. The U.S. Public Health Service Commissioned Corps cleared a backlog of
approximately 800 blood lead level screening results and prepared test result
notifications for parents and the Michigan Department of Health and Human
Services.

     The Administration for Children and Families provided guidance to the state
on the Temporary Assistance for Needy Families program, with the goal of helping
families in the program access bottled water, gas cards, and bus passes to reach
water distribution sites or healthcare facilities.

     One-time emergency funding of $3.5 million helped Head Start grantees
expand early childhood education, behavioral health services, health services
and nutrition services for children in most affected areas of Flint.

     The Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration (SAMHSA)
awarded Michigan a $475,194 SAMHSA Emergency Response Grant (SERG) to help
provide behavioral health and other support services to people affected by the
water crisis. The SERG grant funds services such as specialized outreach, crisis
counseling, emergency case management and coordinated health care programs.

     The U.S. Department of Labor provided a National Dislocated Worker Grant
for up to $15 million to assist with humanitarian and recovery efforts. The $7.5
million released initially is providing temporary employment for eligible
individuals to assist with recovery work, as well as offer career and training
services to help them find permanent work.

     The Department of Transportation awarded more than $12.8 million to Flint
to help the Flint Mass Transportation Authority purchase Compressed Natural Gas
transit buses and to create a workforce development training program for
mechanics and drivers. In addition, through the department's Transportation
Investment Generating Economic Recovery program, Flint received an additional
$20 million for reconstruction of major thoroughfares to help create bike lanes,
sidewalks, and traffic signals at the same time as underlying water transmission
lines are replaced.

     HUD's $500,000 Choice Neighborhoods Planning Grant to Flint is aiding the
city and the Flint Housing Commission in revamping the Atherton East public
housing development and surrounding areas. HUD also allowed $325,000 of an
existing lead-paint hazard grant for public housing in Flint to be applied to
this crisis.

     With a FEMA Staffing for Adequate Fire and Emergency Response grant of $3.7
million, Flint can restore 33 firefighter positions in the city.

     An Economic Development Administration $1.9 million investment is
supporting Phase II of Kettering University's Automotive Research Area, a
19-acre state-of-the-art automotive research facility and testing grounds. The
investment will strengthen the local community and will improve Kettering
University's already highly recognized experientially based engineering programs
that support the area's automobile industry.

     The University of Michigan Flint receive a $400,000 University Center Grant
from the U.S. Department of Commerce to coordinate, inform, and contribute to
economic development efforts that cultivate innovation and advance high-growth
entrepreneurship needed to build and sustain a diversified economy throughout
the region. The University Center will provide services to a seven-county region
(Genesee, Huron, Lapeer, St. Clair, Sanilac, Shiawassee and Tuscola counties).

     The Flint Genesee Chamber of Commerce and the Genesee Area Focus Fund, in
partnership with the City of Flint, received a $197,416 Economic Adjustment
Assistance grant to conduct a feasibility study for a business accelerator at
Flint's largest Brownfield site known locally as Buick City (Racer Trust site).
The study will provide the city and its strategic partners with critical
capacity building to support the redevelopment of Buick City.

     The Small Business Administration (SBA) provided approximately $400,000 in
additional funding through a number of programs including $100,000 in Microloan
capital, an additional $100,000 available for training and technical assistance
to Flint entrepreneurs, $100,000 increase in existing technical assistance for
small businesses in the area, and $100,000 in supplemental funding to the
Kettering University Small Business Development Corporation. SBA also approved a
state request for low-interest disaster loans for small businesses within the
greater Flint area.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               9 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                            October 23, 2015 Friday

Washington: Inslee statement on denial of individual assistance to wildfire
victims; announces state aid and formation of Wildland Fire Council to assist
recovery of impacted communities

LENGTH: 825 words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Seattle: Office of the Attorney General, The State of Washington has issued
the following news release:



 Summary



 Gov. Jay Inslee learned yesterday the Federal Emergency Management Agency
denied his request for the Individual Assistance Program to help families
impacted by the summer wildfire season. Inslee is forming a Wildland Fire
Council to in part coordinate restoration and recovery efforts. In addition, the
Washington State Department of Commerce is partnering with impacted cities and
counties to direct Community Development Block Grant funds for emergency
facilities, water system improvements, and disaster recovery services.



    Quotes



 &ldquo;This is very disappointing news. This is the second time in as many
years that we&rsquo;ve been denied Individual Assistance following a major fire.
We have homeowners that have lost everything. Despite the decision, I&rsquo;m
committed to helping our fellow Washingtonians and ensuring they get as much
help and assistance as possible. It&rsquo;s my priority to get these communities
on the road to recovery.&rdquo;

 Governor Inslee



 &ldquo;As a native of Okanogan County, it is hard to overstate the heartbreak
and the suffering the people of Northeast Washington have gone through the past
two fire seasons. By refusing to help, FEMA is letting down communities that are
in desperate need of assistance.&rdquo;

 Peter Goldmark, Commissioner of Public Lands

 Story



 Gov. Jay Inslee late yesterday learned the Federal Emergency Management Agency
denied his request for the Individual Assistance Program to help families
impacted by the summer wildfire season. Had the program been approved, impacted
communities would have had access to assistance with the repairs of homes and
aid for things like rental assistance and replacement of household items. The
fires destroyed 146 homes and damaged another 476. Nearly two-thirds were
uninsured or underinsured.



 &ldquo;This is very disappointing news. This is the second time in as many
years that we&rsquo;ve been denied Individual Assistance following a major
fire,&rdquo; Inslee said. &ldquo;We have homeowners that have lost everything.
Despite the decision, I&rsquo;m committed to helping our fellow Washingtonians
and ensuring they get as much help and assistance as possible. It&rsquo;s my
priority to get these communities on the road to recovery.&rdquo;



 &ldquo;As a native of Okanogan County, it is hard to overstate the heartbreak
and the suffering the people of Northeast Washington have gone through the past
two fire seasons,&rdquo; said Peter Goldmark, Commissioner of Public Lands.
&ldquo;By refusing to help, FEMA is letting down communities that are in
desperate need of assistance.&rdquo;



 To help local communities impacted by the 2015 fire season, the governor is
forming a Wildland Fire Council. The Council will coordinate restoration and
recovery efforts related to this year&rsquo;s fires and assess plans, policies
and resources related to wildfire preparedness, resiliency, response and
recovery in Washington state. The group will be led by Goldmark, Director of the
state Department of Commerce Brian Bonlender, and Major General Bret Daugherty
of the Washington State Military Department. The council will prepare a
preliminary report by July 1, 2016. The Council will hold its first meeting in
early November.



 In addition, the Washington State Department of Commerce is partnering with
impacted cities and counties to direct Community Development Block Grant funds
for emergency facilities, water system improvements, and disaster recovery
services. The city of Brewster is receiving funding to construct an essential
water reservoir for fire protection and to address drinking water needs.
Okanogan and Chelan Counties are receiving funding for disaster recovery
services to be provided by the regional community action councils. The Okanogan
County Fire District # 15 is awarded $1 million to expand its ambulance and
emergency medical services facility. Commerce is making an additional $4 million
in Community Development Block Grants available for qualifying cities/towns and
counties and is working with wildfire impacted cities such as Pateros, Twisp and
others to leverage matching funds for essential facilities.



 Inslee said while he is doing what he can to provide state assistance, he
reiterated the need for FEMA and federal officials to reevaluate the criteria
used in determining federal disaster assistance for individuals going forward.



 &ldquo;Last year I led the 19-state bipartisan Western Governors Association in
calling for a reevaluation of these criteria. As our state works to support
affected communities, I will continue to fight for greater federal support for
disaster recovery, particularly as our state encounters hotter, drier and
increasingly devastating fire seasons.&rdquo;



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              10 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                            October 23, 2015 Friday

Washington: Inslee statement on denial of individual assistance to wildfire
victims; announces state aid and formation of Wildland Fire Council to assist
recovery of impacted communities

LENGTH: 825 words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Seattle: Office of the Attorney General, The State of Washington has issued
the following news release:



 Summary



 Gov. Jay Inslee learned yesterday the Federal Emergency Management Agency
denied his request for the Individual Assistance Program to help families
impacted by the summer wildfire season. Inslee is forming a Wildland Fire
Council to in part coordinate restoration and recovery efforts. In addition, the
Washington State Department of Commerce is partnering with impacted cities and
counties to direct Community Development Block Grant funds for emergency
facilities, water system improvements, and disaster recovery services.



    Quotes



 &ldquo;This is very disappointing news. This is the second time in as many
years that we&rsquo;ve been denied Individual Assistance following a major fire.
We have homeowners that have lost everything. Despite the decision, I&rsquo;m
committed to helping our fellow Washingtonians and ensuring they get as much
help and assistance as possible. It&rsquo;s my priority to get these communities
on the road to recovery.&rdquo;

 Governor Inslee



 &ldquo;As a native of Okanogan County, it is hard to overstate the heartbreak
and the suffering the people of Northeast Washington have gone through the past
two fire seasons. By refusing to help, FEMA is letting down communities that are
in desperate need of assistance.&rdquo;

 Peter Goldmark, Commissioner of Public Lands

 Story



 Gov. Jay Inslee late yesterday learned the Federal Emergency Management Agency
denied his request for the Individual Assistance Program to help families
impacted by the summer wildfire season. Had the program been approved, impacted
communities would have had access to assistance with the repairs of homes and
aid for things like rental assistance and replacement of household items. The
fires destroyed 146 homes and damaged another 476. Nearly two-thirds were
uninsured or underinsured.



 &ldquo;This is very disappointing news. This is the second time in as many
years that we&rsquo;ve been denied Individual Assistance following a major
fire,&rdquo; Inslee said. &ldquo;We have homeowners that have lost everything.
Despite the decision, I&rsquo;m committed to helping our fellow Washingtonians
and ensuring they get as much help and assistance as possible. It&rsquo;s my
priority to get these communities on the road to recovery.&rdquo;



 &ldquo;As a native of Okanogan County, it is hard to overstate the heartbreak
and the suffering the people of Northeast Washington have gone through the past
two fire seasons,&rdquo; said Peter Goldmark, Commissioner of Public Lands.
&ldquo;By refusing to help, FEMA is letting down communities that are in
desperate need of assistance.&rdquo;



 To help local communities impacted by the 2015 fire season, the governor is
forming a Wildland Fire Council. The Council will coordinate restoration and
recovery efforts related to this year&rsquo;s fires and assess plans, policies
and resources related to wildfire preparedness, resiliency, response and
recovery in Washington state. The group will be led by Goldmark, Director of the
state Department of Commerce Brian Bonlender, and Major General Bret Daugherty
of the Washington State Military Department. The council will prepare a
preliminary report by July 1, 2016. The Council will hold its first meeting in
early November.



 In addition, the Washington State Department of Commerce is partnering with
impacted cities and counties to direct Community Development Block Grant funds
for emergency facilities, water system improvements, and disaster recovery
services. The city of Brewster is receiving funding to construct an essential
water reservoir for fire protection and to address drinking water needs.
Okanogan and Chelan Counties are receiving funding for disaster recovery
services to be provided by the regional community action councils. The Okanogan
County Fire District # 15 is awarded $1 million to expand its ambulance and
emergency medical services facility. Commerce is making an additional $4 million
in Community Development Block Grants available for qualifying cities/towns and
counties and is working with wildfire impacted cities such as Pateros, Twisp and
others to leverage matching funds for essential facilities.



 Inslee said while he is doing what he can to provide state assistance, he
reiterated the need for FEMA and federal officials to reevaluate the criteria
used in determining federal disaster assistance for individuals going forward.



 &ldquo;Last year I led the 19-state bipartisan Western Governors Association in
calling for a reevaluation of these criteria. As our state works to support
affected communities, I will continue to fight for greater federal support for
disaster recovery, particularly as our state encounters hotter, drier and
increasingly devastating fire seasons.&rdquo;



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              11 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                            November 6, 2001 Tuesday

More flood aid available to Grant County residents; Housing block grant: Brain
says federal money did not cover losses of some families

BYLINE: CRAIG REBER

SECTION: Pg. a3

LENGTH: 678 words

DATELINE: LANCASTER, Wis.


Additional help is available to Grant County residents who suffered flood damage
last spring.

The funding comes from a housing block grant, administered through the Wisconsin
Department of Administration. The money is in addition to federal disaster aid
that has already been distributed through the Federal Emergency Management
Agency.

"Although the federal aid was of great assistance to many county residents,
there are a number of families in our county that still have unmet needs," said
Grant County Emergency Management Director Steve Braun. "In particular,
homeowners who suffered over $$ @10,000 in damage recovered only a small portion
of their losses from the federal government."

According to Braun, residential damage estimates are in the hundreds of
thousands of dollars. Damages range from relatively minor - water in the
basement, damaged furnaces and water heaters, and minor cracks in the foundation
- to major damage, including homes that had flood water over the first floor.

Braun cited one home near the Platte River in Paris Township that had more than
four feet of water over the first floor. Another, located in Jamestown Township
near O'Leary's Lake, had at least three feet on the main floor. The most intense
damage occurred in Cassville, where water entered the basements of more than 150
homes - resulting in collapsed basement walls, cracked foundations, and rotted
structural components.

Activities eligible under the latest program include the repair, restoration,
and/or replacement of housing elements that were directly damaged by spring
flooding. This may include furnace and water heater replacement, repair of
septic systems, sewer lines and wells, and repair or replacement of a home's
foundation and/or structural components. Minor projects that will prevent or
reduce future flood damages may also be considered. Because of the time that has
elapsed since the flooding, individuals who have already completed repairs or
have accepted disaster assistance loans may be eligible for reimbursement under
the program.

Property losses, such as damage to appliances, furnishings, clothing and other
personal property are not eligible. Damages that were covered by insurance or
have already been reimbursed by FEMA or other programs are not eligible.

Because the funds originate from the Department of Housing and Urban
Development, income restrictions apply. To qualify for the assistance, an
applicant's household income must not exceed the county's median income. The
median household income, depending on family size, ranges from $$ @34,020 for a
one-person household, to $$ @48,600 for a family of four, to $$ @64,152 for a
family of eight.

Braun said assistance may also be available to owners of rental properties that
were damaged. However, there are some restrictions on the use of the funds for
rental properties. Landlords must rent to low- or moderate-income families for a
specified period of time, and must agree to limit annual rent increases.

A public hearing on the grant is scheduled for 7 p.m., Nov. 20, at the Cassville
Municipal Building. Grant County residents who experienced flood-related damages
are encouraged to attend the meeting.

Individuals wishing to apply for assistance must submit all the necessary
application materials before the priority deadline of Dec. 15. Applications
postmarked after Dec. 15 may still be eligible for any remaining funding, but
will be assigned a lower priority.

Grant County has contracted with Community Development Projects of Prairie du
Chien to administer the grant. For an application or to obtain more information,
call the community development office at 800/655-0683 and ask for Lori. The
Grant County Emergency Management Office (608/723-7171) will provide assistance
to applicants.

<br>

News You can use

Emergency Assistance Block Grant Hearing

7 p.m., Nov. 20, Cassville Municipal Building.

Grant County residents who experienced flood-related damages are encouraged to
attend the meeting.


LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Mug - Steve Braun

                  Copyright 2001 Woodward Communications, Inc.


                              12 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 4, 2017 Saturday

Washington: Notice for a Public Hearing Preliminary Project and

LENGTH: 1027  words

DATELINE: New York



 Seattle: The District of Washington has issued the following Public Notice:



    Notice for a Public Hearing Preliminary Project and



 Notice for a Public Hearing

 Preliminary Project and Funding Recommendations and

 2015-2019 Consolidated Plan for

 Spokane County

 2017 Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) Program



 The public is invited to attend and speak at a hearing conducted by the Spokane
County Community Services, Housing, and Community Development Department and the
Housing and Community Development Citizen Advisory Committee to obtain public
comments on the Spokane County Community Services, Housing, and Community
Development Department's



 "¢Administration of the HOME and Community Development Block Grant Programs

 "¢Activities Recommended or Not Recommended for Funding in 2017 Draft Annual
Action Plan

 "¢Program Policies, Procedures, and Priority Needs

 "¢Consolidated Plan Amendments

 "¢Citizen Participation Plan



 These preliminary funding recommendations and documents are open to public
comment beginning February 3, 2017 through March 3, 2017. The public may comment
at the Public Hearing on March 2, 2017 or may forward their comments to the
Community Services, Housing, and Community Development Department, 312 West 8th
Avenue, Spokane, WA 99204, or via e-mail at tlandsiedel@spokanecounty.org



 Public Hearing Date:Thursday, March 2, 2017

 Time:6:00 PM to 8:00 PM

 Location:Spokane Regional Health District - 1st Floor Auditorium,

 1101 West College Avenue, Spokane, WA 99201



 Listed below are the 2017 applicants, proposed projects, requested CDBG funding
amount and preliminary recommendation.





 RequestedRecommended

 AmountCDBG

 Amount

 Public Service Projects - County-Wide:

 Lutheran Community Services - SAFeT$50,525$35,000

 Greater Spokane County Meals on Wheels -

 Senior Nutrition Program$55,000$46,408

 New Hope Resource Center - Emergency Services$20,000$15,000

 Salvation Army- Emergency Services$20,000$15,000

 Second Harvest Food Bank - Emergency Services$75,000$ 40,000

 YWCA - Legal Advocacy and Outreach$40,119$0



 Public Service Projects - Cities and Towns:

 City of Cheney

 Cheney Outreach Center - Emergency Assistance$16,000$15,000



 City of Deer Park

 The Green House - Emergency Services$50,000$25,000



 City of Medical Lake

 Medical Lake Community Outreach - Emergency Assistance$9,000$9,000



 City of Spokane Valley

 Spokane Valley Partners - Emergency Services$20,000$16,000



 Housing Projects - County-Wide:

 SNAP - Emergency Housing Repair$167,000$115,000



 Economic Development Projects - County-Wide:

 SNAP Financial Access - Micro-Enterprise$65,000$35,000



 Infrastructure/Public Facility Improvement Projects - Cities and Towns:



 City of Airway Heights

 City of Airway Heights - Water System Improvements$385,250$0



 City of Cheney

 City of Cheney - Water Improvements$175,624$175,624



 City of Deer Park

 City if Deer Park - Water Improvements$297,231$297,231



 Town of Rockford

 Town of Rockford - Water  & Sewer Improvements$188,213$0



 City of Spokane Valley

 Spokane Housing Ventures - Sidewalk Improvement$88,000$0

 City of Spokane Valley Priority #1 - Sidewalk Improvement$522,000$453,895

 City of Spokane Valley Priority #2 - Sidewalk Improvement$285,000$0



 Planning and Administration Projects - County Wide:

 Spokane County CSHCD - Administration$295,000$295,000



 Total:$2,823,962$1,588,158



 All projects propose benefit to lower income households in Spokane County,
particularly the residents of the twelve participating municipalities and
unincorporated areas.



 None of the recommended CDBG projects involve displacement and/or relocation of
individuals or the demolition of affordable housing units. Any residential
rehabilitation work involving temporary relocation of residents will be
performed in accordance with the Spokane County Community Services, Housing, and
Community Development Department Relocation Assistance Policy



 No lower income household or business is proposed to be displaced through
activities funded with federal CDBG dollars. If displacement should occur,
assistance will be made available in accordance with the county's Displacement
Plan. This plan is available for public examination in the Community Services,
Housing, and Community Development Department, Fourth Floor, 312 West 8th
Avenue, Spokane, WA 99204.



 Spokane County actively supports fair housing efforts in the community in a
positive, solution-oriented fashion. Housing programs funded by the Community
Development Block Grant, Home Investment Partnership Program, and Homeless
Programs, are administered to affirmatively further fair housing.



 Spokane County assures that grants will be conducted and administered in
compliance with Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (42 U.S.C. 2000d), the
Fair Housing Act (42 U.S.C. 3601 3620), the Age Discrimination Act of 1975,
Executive Orders 11063, 11625, 12138, 12432 and 12892, Section 504 of the
Rehabilitation Act of 1973 (29 U.S.C. 794), the Americans with Disabilities Act
(Title II), and implementing regulations.



 The funding for these preliminary recommendations has not yet been allocated by
the federal government. Acceptance of the 2017 Spokane County Housing &
Community Development Annual Action Plan by HUD and a contract between HUD and
the county authorizing the county's Community Development Block Grant Program is
a condition precedent to the county's funding of these projects.



 If you have any questions regarding the public hearing, 2017 preliminary
recommendations, the Community Development Block Grant Program, or want to
attend the hearing, accommodations will be provided, to the maximum extent
feasible, to meet the needs of non-English speaking, deaf and hearing impaired,
and visually impaired persons. The Spokane County Community Services, Housing,
and Community Development Department will make arrangements to provide an
interpreter, a signer, or a reader upon request if such a request is made at
least 72 hours prior to the public hearing. If you need additional
accommodations, please call 477-2588 at least 72 hours in advance.

 SR32043



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:  editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              13 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 3, 2017 Friday

Washington: Notice for a Public Hearing Preliminary Project and

LENGTH: 1027  words

DATELINE: New York



 Seattle: The District of Washington has issued the following Public Notice:



   Notice for a Public Hearing Preliminary Project and



 Notice for a Public Hearing

 Preliminary Project and Funding Recommendations and

 2015-2019 Consolidated Plan for

 Spokane County

 2017 Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) Program



 The public is invited to attend and speak at a hearing conducted by the Spokane
County Community Services, Housing, and Community Development Department and the
Housing and Community Development Citizen Advisory Committee to obtain public
comments on the Spokane County Community Services, Housing, and Community
Development Department's



 "¢Administration of the HOME and Community Development Block Grant Programs

 "¢Activities Recommended or Not Recommended for Funding in 2017 Draft Annual
Action Plan

 "¢Program Policies, Procedures, and Priority Needs

 "¢Consolidated Plan Amendments

 "¢Citizen Participation Plan



 These preliminary funding recommendations and documents are open to public
comment beginning February 3, 2017 through March 3, 2017. The public may comment
at the Public Hearing on March 2, 2017 or may forward their comments to the
Community Services, Housing, and Community Development Department, 312 West 8th
Avenue, Spokane, WA 99204, or via e-mail at tlandsiedel@spokanecounty.org



 Public Hearing Date:Thursday, March 2, 2017

 Time:6:00 PM to 8:00 PM

 Location:Spokane Regional Health District - 1st Floor Auditorium,

 1101 West College Avenue, Spokane, WA 99201



 Listed below are the 2017 applicants, proposed projects, requested CDBG funding
amount and preliminary recommendation.





 RequestedRecommended

 AmountCDBG

 Amount

 Public Service Projects - County-Wide:

 Lutheran Community Services - SAFeT$50,525$35,000

 Greater Spokane County Meals on Wheels -

 Senior Nutrition Program$55,000$46,408

 New Hope Resource Center - Emergency Services$20,000$15,000

 Salvation Army- Emergency Services$20,000$15,000

 Second Harvest Food Bank - Emergency Services$75,000$ 40,000

 YWCA - Legal Advocacy and Outreach$40,119$0



 Public Service Projects - Cities and Towns:

 City of Cheney

 Cheney Outreach Center - Emergency Assistance$16,000$15,000



 City of Deer Park

 The Green House - Emergency Services$50,000$25,000



 City of Medical Lake

 Medical Lake Community Outreach - Emergency Assistance$9,000$9,000



 City of Spokane Valley

 Spokane Valley Partners - Emergency Services$20,000$16,000



 Housing Projects - County-Wide:

 SNAP - Emergency Housing Repair$167,000$115,000



 Economic Development Projects - County-Wide:

 SNAP Financial Access - Micro-Enterprise$65,000$35,000



 Infrastructure/Public Facility Improvement Projects - Cities and Towns:



 City of Airway Heights

 City of Airway Heights - Water System Improvements$385,250$0



 City of Cheney

 City of Cheney - Water Improvements$175,624$175,624



 City of Deer Park

 City if Deer Park - Water Improvements$297,231$297,231



 Town of Rockford

 Town of Rockford - Water  & Sewer Improvements$188,213$0



 City of Spokane Valley

 Spokane Housing Ventures - Sidewalk Improvement$88,000$0

 City of Spokane Valley Priority #1 - Sidewalk Improvement$522,000$453,895

 City of Spokane Valley Priority #2 - Sidewalk Improvement$285,000$0



 Planning and Administration Projects - County Wide:

 Spokane County CSHCD - Administration$295,000$295,000



 Total:$2,823,962$1,588,158



 All projects propose benefit to lower income households in Spokane County,
particularly the residents of the twelve participating municipalities and
unincorporated areas.



 None of the recommended CDBG projects involve displacement and/or relocation of
individuals or the demolition of affordable housing units. Any residential
rehabilitation work involving temporary relocation of residents will be
performed in accordance with the Spokane County Community Services, Housing, and
Community Development Department Relocation Assistance Policy



 No lower income household or business is proposed to be displaced through
activities funded with federal CDBG dollars. If displacement should occur,
assistance will be made available in accordance with the county's Displacement
Plan. This plan is available for public examination in the Community Services,
Housing, and Community Development Department, Fourth Floor, 312 West 8th
Avenue, Spokane, WA 99204.



 Spokane County actively supports fair housing efforts in the community in a
positive, solution-oriented fashion. Housing programs funded by the Community
Development Block Grant, Home Investment Partnership Program, and Homeless
Programs, are administered to affirmatively further fair housing.



 Spokane County assures that grants will be conducted and administered in
compliance with Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (42 U.S.C. 2000d), the
Fair Housing Act (42 U.S.C. 3601 3620), the Age Discrimination Act of 1975,
Executive Orders 11063, 11625, 12138, 12432 and 12892, Section 504 of the
Rehabilitation Act of 1973 (29 U.S.C. 794), the Americans with Disabilities Act
(Title II), and implementing regulations.



 The funding for these preliminary recommendations has not yet been allocated by
the federal government. Acceptance of the 2017 Spokane County Housing &
Community Development Annual Action Plan by HUD and a contract between HUD and
the county authorizing the county's Community Development Block Grant Program is
a condition precedent to the county's funding of these projects.



 If you have any questions regarding the public hearing, 2017 preliminary
recommendations, the Community Development Block Grant Program, or want to
attend the hearing, accommodations will be provided, to the maximum extent
feasible, to meet the needs of non-English speaking, deaf and hearing impaired,
and visually impaired persons. The Spokane County Community Services, Housing,
and Community Development Department will make arrangements to provide an
interpreter, a signer, or a reader upon request if such a request is made at
least 72 hours prior to the public hearing. If you need additional
accommodations, please call 477-2588 at least 72 hours in advance.

 SR32043



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:  editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              14 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 1, 2017 Wednesday

Washington: Notice for a Public Hearing Preliminary Project and

LENGTH: 1027  words

DATELINE: New York



 Seattle: The District of Washington has issued the following Public Notice:



    Notice for a Public Hearing Preliminary Project and



 Notice for a Public Hearing

 Preliminary Project and Funding Recommendations and

 2015-2019 Consolidated Plan for

 Spokane County

 2017 Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) Program



 The public is invited to attend and speak at a hearing conducted by the Spokane
County Community Services, Housing, and Community Development Department and the
Housing and Community Development Citizen Advisory Committee to obtain public
comments on the Spokane County Community Services, Housing, and Community
Development Department's



 "¢Administration of the HOME and Community Development Block Grant Programs

 "¢Activities Recommended or Not Recommended for Funding in 2017 Draft Annual
Action Plan

 "¢Program Policies, Procedures, and Priority Needs

 "¢Consolidated Plan Amendments

 "¢Citizen Participation Plan



 These preliminary funding recommendations and documents are open to public
comment beginning February 3, 2017 through March 3, 2017. The public may comment
at the Public Hearing on March 2, 2017 or may forward their comments to the
Community Services, Housing, and Community Development Department, 312 West 8th
Avenue, Spokane, WA 99204, or via e-mail at tlandsiedel@spokanecounty.org



 Public Hearing Date:Thursday, March 2, 2017

 Time:6:00 PM to 8:00 PM

 Location:Spokane Regional Health District - 1st Floor Auditorium,

 1101 West College Avenue, Spokane, WA 99201



 Listed below are the 2017 applicants, proposed projects, requested CDBG funding
amount and preliminary recommendation.





 RequestedRecommended

 AmountCDBG

 Amount

 Public Service Projects - County-Wide:

 Lutheran Community Services - SAFeT$50,525$35,000

 Greater Spokane County Meals on Wheels -

 Senior Nutrition Program$55,000$46,408

 New Hope Resource Center - Emergency Services$20,000$15,000

 Salvation Army- Emergency Services$20,000$15,000

 Second Harvest Food Bank - Emergency Services$75,000$ 40,000

 YWCA - Legal Advocacy and Outreach$40,119$0



 Public Service Projects - Cities and Towns:

 City of Cheney

 Cheney Outreach Center - Emergency Assistance$16,000$15,000



 City of Deer Park

 The Green House - Emergency Services$50,000$25,000



 City of Medical Lake

 Medical Lake Community Outreach - Emergency Assistance$9,000$9,000



 City of Spokane Valley

 Spokane Valley Partners - Emergency Services$20,000$16,000



 Housing Projects - County-Wide:

 SNAP - Emergency Housing Repair$167,000$115,000



 Economic Development Projects - County-Wide:

 SNAP Financial Access - Micro-Enterprise$65,000$35,000



 Infrastructure/Public Facility Improvement Projects - Cities and Towns:



 City of Airway Heights

 City of Airway Heights - Water System Improvements$385,250$0



 City of Cheney

 City of Cheney - Water Improvements$175,624$175,624



 City of Deer Park

 City if Deer Park - Water Improvements$297,231$297,231



 Town of Rockford

 Town of Rockford - Water  & Sewer Improvements$188,213$0



 City of Spokane Valley

 Spokane Housing Ventures - Sidewalk Improvement$88,000$0

 City of Spokane Valley Priority #1 - Sidewalk Improvement$522,000$453,895

 City of Spokane Valley Priority #2 - Sidewalk Improvement$285,000$0



 Planning and Administration Projects - County Wide:

 Spokane County CSHCD - Administration$295,000$295,000



 Total:$2,823,962$1,588,158



 All projects propose benefit to lower income households in Spokane County,
particularly the residents of the twelve participating municipalities and
unincorporated areas.



 None of the recommended CDBG projects involve displacement and/or relocation of
individuals or the demolition of affordable housing units. Any residential
rehabilitation work involving temporary relocation of residents will be
performed in accordance with the Spokane County Community Services, Housing, and
Community Development Department Relocation Assistance Policy



 No lower income household or business is proposed to be displaced through
activities funded with federal CDBG dollars. If displacement should occur,
assistance will be made available in accordance with the county's Displacement
Plan. This plan is available for public examination in the Community Services,
Housing, and Community Development Department, Fourth Floor, 312 West 8th
Avenue, Spokane, WA 99204.



 Spokane County actively supports fair housing efforts in the community in a
positive, solution-oriented fashion. Housing programs funded by the Community
Development Block Grant, Home Investment Partnership Program, and Homeless
Programs, are administered to affirmatively further fair housing.



 Spokane County assures that grants will be conducted and administered in
compliance with Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (42 U.S.C. 2000d), the
Fair Housing Act (42 U.S.C. 3601 3620), the Age Discrimination Act of 1975,
Executive Orders 11063, 11625, 12138, 12432 and 12892, Section 504 of the
Rehabilitation Act of 1973 (29 U.S.C. 794), the Americans with Disabilities Act
(Title II), and implementing regulations.



 The funding for these preliminary recommendations has not yet been allocated by
the federal government. Acceptance of the 2017 Spokane County Housing &
Community Development Annual Action Plan by HUD and a contract between HUD and
the county authorizing the county's Community Development Block Grant Program is
a condition precedent to the county's funding of these projects.



 If you have any questions regarding the public hearing, 2017 preliminary
recommendations, the Community Development Block Grant Program, or want to
attend the hearing, accommodations will be provided, to the maximum extent
feasible, to meet the needs of non-English speaking, deaf and hearing impaired,
and visually impaired persons. The Spokane County Community Services, Housing,
and Community Development Department will make arrangements to provide an
interpreter, a signer, or a reader upon request if such a request is made at
least 72 hours prior to the public hearing. If you need additional
accommodations, please call 477-2588 at least 72 hours in advance.

 SR32043



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:  editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              15 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 30, 2017 Monday

Washington: Notice for a Public Hearing Preliminary Project and

LENGTH: 1027  words

DATELINE: New York



 Seattle: The District of Washington has issued the following Public Notice:



    Notice for a Public Hearing Preliminary Project and



 Notice for a Public Hearing

 Preliminary Project and Funding Recommendations and

 2015-2019 Consolidated Plan for

 Spokane County

 2017 Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) Program



 The public is invited to attend and speak at a hearing conducted by the Spokane
County Community Services, Housing, and Community Development Department and the
Housing and Community Development Citizen Advisory Committee to obtain public
comments on the Spokane County Community Services, Housing, and Community
Development Department's



 "¢Administration of the HOME and Community Development Block Grant Programs

 "¢Activities Recommended or Not Recommended for Funding in 2017 Draft Annual
Action Plan

 "¢Program Policies, Procedures, and Priority Needs

 "¢Consolidated Plan Amendments

 "¢Citizen Participation Plan



 These preliminary funding recommendations and documents are open to public
comment beginning February 3, 2017 through March 3, 2017. The public may comment
at the Public Hearing on March 2, 2017 or may forward their comments to the
Community Services, Housing, and Community Development Department, 312 West 8th
Avenue, Spokane, WA 99204, or via e-mail at tlandsiedel@spokanecounty.org



 Public Hearing Date:Thursday, March 2, 2017

 Time:6:00 PM to 8:00 PM

 Location:Spokane Regional Health District - 1st Floor Auditorium,

 1101 West College Avenue, Spokane, WA 99201



 Listed below are the 2017 applicants, proposed projects, requested CDBG funding
amount and preliminary recommendation.





 RequestedRecommended

 AmountCDBG

 Amount

 Public Service Projects - County-Wide:

 Lutheran Community Services - SAFeT$50,525$35,000

 Greater Spokane County Meals on Wheels -

 Senior Nutrition Program$55,000$46,408

 New Hope Resource Center - Emergency Services$20,000$15,000

 Salvation Army- Emergency Services$20,000$15,000

 Second Harvest Food Bank - Emergency Services$75,000$ 40,000

 YWCA - Legal Advocacy and Outreach$40,119$0



 Public Service Projects - Cities and Towns:

 City of Cheney

 Cheney Outreach Center - Emergency Assistance$16,000$15,000



 City of Deer Park

 The Green House - Emergency Services$50,000$25,000



 City of Medical Lake

 Medical Lake Community Outreach - Emergency Assistance$9,000$9,000



 City of Spokane Valley

 Spokane Valley Partners - Emergency Services$20,000$16,000



 Housing Projects - County-Wide:

 SNAP - Emergency Housing Repair$167,000$115,000



 Economic Development Projects - County-Wide:

 SNAP Financial Access - Micro-Enterprise$65,000$35,000



 Infrastructure/Public Facility Improvement Projects - Cities and Towns:



 City of Airway Heights

 City of Airway Heights - Water System Improvements$385,250$0



 City of Cheney

 City of Cheney - Water Improvements$175,624$175,624



 City of Deer Park

 City if Deer Park - Water Improvements$297,231$297,231



 Town of Rockford

 Town of Rockford - Water  & Sewer Improvements$188,213$0



 City of Spokane Valley

 Spokane Housing Ventures - Sidewalk Improvement$88,000$0

 City of Spokane Valley Priority #1 - Sidewalk Improvement$522,000$453,895

 City of Spokane Valley Priority #2 - Sidewalk Improvement$285,000$0



 Planning and Administration Projects - County Wide:

 Spokane County CSHCD - Administration$295,000$295,000



 Total:$2,823,962$1,588,158



 All projects propose benefit to lower income households in Spokane County,
particularly the residents of the twelve participating municipalities and
unincorporated areas.



 None of the recommended CDBG projects involve displacement and/or relocation of
individuals or the demolition of affordable housing units. Any residential
rehabilitation work involving temporary relocation of residents will be
performed in accordance with the Spokane County Community Services, Housing, and
Community Development Department Relocation Assistance Policy



 No lower income household or business is proposed to be displaced through
activities funded with federal CDBG dollars. If displacement should occur,
assistance will be made available in accordance with the county's Displacement
Plan. This plan is available for public examination in the Community Services,
Housing, and Community Development Department, Fourth Floor, 312 West 8th
Avenue, Spokane, WA 99204.



 Spokane County actively supports fair housing efforts in the community in a
positive, solution-oriented fashion. Housing programs funded by the Community
Development Block Grant, Home Investment Partnership Program, and Homeless
Programs, are administered to affirmatively further fair housing.



 Spokane County assures that grants will be conducted and administered in
compliance with Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (42 U.S.C. 2000d), the
Fair Housing Act (42 U.S.C. 3601 3620), the Age Discrimination Act of 1975,
Executive Orders 11063, 11625, 12138, 12432 and 12892, Section 504 of the
Rehabilitation Act of 1973 (29 U.S.C. 794), the Americans with Disabilities Act
(Title II), and implementing regulations.



 The funding for these preliminary recommendations has not yet been allocated by
the federal government. Acceptance of the 2017 Spokane County Housing &
Community Development Annual Action Plan by HUD and a contract between HUD and
the county authorizing the county's Community Development Block Grant Program is
a condition precedent to the county's funding of these projects.



 If you have any questions regarding the public hearing, 2017 preliminary
recommendations, the Community Development Block Grant Program, or want to
attend the hearing, accommodations will be provided, to the maximum extent
feasible, to meet the needs of non-English speaking, deaf and hearing impaired,
and visually impaired persons. The Spokane County Community Services, Housing,
and Community Development Department will make arrangements to provide an
interpreter, a signer, or a reader upon request if such a request is made at
least 72 hours prior to the public hearing. If you need additional
accommodations, please call 477-2588 at least 72 hours in advance.

 SR32043



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:  editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              16 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 14, 2014 Friday

Washington: FACT SHEET: President Obama Leading Administration-wide Drought
Response

LENGTH: 1904  words

DATELINE: Washington


The White House has issued the following news release:

As communities across California struggle with the impacts of one of the state's
worst droughts in over 100 years, President Obama is committed to ensuring that
his Administration is doing everything it can help the farmers, ranchers, small
businesses, and communities being impacted.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA), Department of the Interior (DOI) and
other federal agencies are using their existing authorities and working closely
with their state and local partners as the state of California responds to and
recovers from this historic drought.

New Actions to Help Respond to the Drought

$100 million in livestock disaster assistance for California producers. The 2014
Farm Bill contains permanent livestock disaster programs including the Livestock
Forage Disaster Program which will help producers in California and other areas
recover from the drought. At President Obama's direction, USDA is making
implementation of the disaster programs a top priority and plans to have the
programs available for sign up in 60 days. Producers will be able to sign up for
the livestock disaster programs for losses not only for 2014 but for losses they
experienced in 2012 and 2013. While these livestock programs took over a year to
get assistance out the door under the last Farm Bill- USDA has committed to cut
that time by more than 80 percent and begin sign-up in April. California alone
could potentially receive up to $100 million for 2014 losses and up to $50
million for previous years.
 $15 million in targeted conservation assistance for the most extreme and
exceptional drought areas. This includes $5 million in additional assistance to
California and $10 million for drought-impacted areas in Texas, Oklahoma,
Nebraska, Colorado and New Mexico. The funding is available through the
Environmental Quality Incentives Program (EQIP) administered by USDA. The
assistance helps farmers and ranchers implement conservation practices that
conserve scarce water resources, reduce wind erosion on drought-impacted fields
and improve livestock access to water.
 $5 million in targeted Emergency Watershed Protection (EWP) Program assistance
to the most drought impacted areas of California to protect vulnerable soils.
EWP helps communities address watershed impairments due to drought and other
natural occurrences. This funding will help drought-ravaged communities and
private landowners address watershed impairments, such as stabilizing stream
banks and replanting upland sites stripped of vegetation.
 $60 million has been made available to food banks in the State of California to
help families that may be economically impacted by the drought. The U.S.
Department of Agriculture (USDA) is providing help to food banks through The
Emergency Food Assistance Program (TEFAP).
 600 summer meal sites to be established in California's drought stricken areas.
The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) is working with the California
Department of Education to target efforts to expand the number of Summer Food
Service Program meal sites this summer. There are expected to be close to 600
summer meal sites throughout the drought stricken areas.
 $3 million in Emergency Water Assistance Grants for rural communities
experiencing water shortages. U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) is making $3
million in grants available to help rural communities that are experiencing a
significant decline in the quality or quantity of drinking water due to the
drought obtain or maintain water sources of sufficient quantity and quality.
These funds will be provided to eligible, qualified communities by application
through USDA-Rural Development's Emergency Community Water Assistance Grants
(ECWAG). California state health officials have already identified 17 small
community water districts in 10 counties that are at risk of running out of
water in 60-120 days. This number is expected to increase if current conditions
persist.
 Reducing Federal facilities' water usage: In line with the directive Governor
Brown made to state agencies when he declared a drought emergency last month,
the President has directed Federal facilities in California to take steps to
immediately curb water use, including a moratorium on water usage for new,
non-essential landscaping projects and to redouble efforts to fulfill prior
commitments to longer-term water use reduction at Federal facilities. This
builds on efforts already underway, including the President's call to Federal
agencies to improve water use efficiency for drinking water at Federal
facilities across the country by 26 percent and improve water use efficiency for
industrial, landscaping, and agricultural water by 20 percent. The
Administration is already ahead of schedule towards meeting these goals.
 Operational Flexibilities: The President directed the Department of the
Interior to work with water contractors and communities to adjust and speed
changes to key water projects, and give water contractors flexibility to meet
their obligations, as appropriate and while maintaining important environmental
safeguards. In addition, NOAA, EPA, the Bureau of Reclamation (BOR) and the Fish
and Wildlife Service (FWS) are working daily with their state counterparts to
examine possible ways to help alleviate water quality and water supply problems
caused or exacerbated by the drought.
 Investing in climate resilience. In addition to responding to the immediate
drought in California, the President believes that we must do more to help
communities across the country become more resilient to the effects of climate
change. Recent events have reinforced our knowledge that our communities and
economy remain vulnerable to extreme weather and natural hazards. For that
reason, the President's 2015 Budget that will be released next month will
include a new $1 billion Climate Resilience Fund. Through this Fund, the
President proposes that we:
 Invest in research and unlock data and information to better understand the
projected impacts of climate change and how we can better prepare our
communities and infrastructure.
 Help communities plan and prepare for the impacts of climate change and
encourage local measures to reduce future risk.
 Fund breakthrough technologies and resilient infrastructure that will make us
more resilient in the face of changing climate.

Today's Actions Build on Steps Taken by Agencies across the Federal Government
to Help Drought-Stricken Counties

NATIONAL OCEANIC AND ATMOSPHERIC ADMINISTRATION (NOAA)

Real-time Weather and Hydrologic Information: NOAA's National Weather Service,
through its local Weather Forecast Offices and River Forecast Centers are
generating specialized analyses and forecasts to meet California's needs. The
River Forecast Centers, for example, produce stream flow and runoff forecasts
that help inform water supply decisions.

UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE (USDA)

Emergency Agriculture Loans: The U.S. Department of Agriculture declared 54
counties in California as primary natural disaster areas due to drought, making
farmers and ranchers in those counties eligible for assistance through emergency
loans.
 Conservation: USDA/NRCS has made $20 million available from its Environmental
Quality Incentives Program (EQIP) for agricultural conservation enhancements on
key agricultural lands in California. These enhancements include irrigation
efficiency, cover crops, orchard pruning, and protection of grazing lands. The
funds will be divided into two pools: grazing lands and cropland. Cropland with
a reduced water allocation of at least 85% will receive the highest priority.
 The Natural Resources Conservation Service (NRCS) has also announced up to $15
million in Conservation Innovation Grants (CIG) to state and local governments,
Tribes, universities, businesses and agricultural producers. These grants are
dedicated to stimulating the development and adoption of innovative conservation
approaches and technologies, including those that will help communities adapt to
drought and climate change.
 Climate Preparedness: USDA announced last week the establishment of climate
hubs across the country that will help farmers, ranchers and communities get the
information and data they need to make informed decisions around a changing
climate. One center was established at the University of California, Davis.

DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR

Resources to Upgrade Infrastructure: The Bureau of Reclamation and the Natural
Resources Conservation Service recently announced $14 million in grants through
Reclamation's WaterSMART program and USDA's Agricultural Water Enhancement
Program and Environmental Quality Incentive Program to upgrade water delivery
infrastructure and on-farm irrigation equipment to conserve water.
 Water Resource Management: The Bureau of Reclamation finalized its "2014 Plan
for the Central Valley Project." The plan outlines actions that can be taken in
the near-term to manage ongoing water supply challenges such as expanding
operational flexibility and streamlining the water transfer process. The Bureau
of Land Management is increasing monitoring of drought sensitive hydrologic
resources including springs, streams, and riparian areas. In Northeast
California, the BLM has sent livestock grazing permittees drought notification
letters warning of potential reductions of use and identifying options available
to them.
 Wildfire Preparedness: The U.S. Forest Service and CAL-FIRE, have boosted fire
management resources to 7-day staffing and is engaged in increased coordination.
BLM is prepared to submit a fire severity funding request at the instant it is
needed.
 Real-time Water Flow Monitoring: The U.S. Geological Survey is measuring stream
flow through the Sacramento - San Joaquin Delta and throughout the state. USGS
is re-calibrating stream flow monitors in the Delta during these unprecedented
low water levels to assure accurate measurements of water availability. USGS is
briefing resource agencies on the latest scientific and technical information
regarding water management options and is monitoring groundwater availability
and quality and studying the impacts of subsidence due to groundwater
withdrawal. USGS continues to monitor hazards that could affect water
availability and the effects of drought on plant and animal populations.

U.S. SMALL BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION (SBA)

Providing Disaster Loans: To date, the Small Business Administration (SBA) has
followed USDA's 54 disaster declarations in California counties and neighboring
counties in Nevada and Oregon, providing a pathway for small businesses, small
agricultural cooperatives and non-farm small businesses that are economically
affected by the drought in their community to apply for SBA's Economic Injury
Disaster Loan (EIDL).

FEDERAL EMERGNECY MANAGEMENT AGENCY (FEMA)

Coordination: FEMA through its California regional office remains in constant
contact and coordination with the State of California through the Governor's
Office of Emergency Services (Cal OES).

U.S. ARMY CORPS OF ENGINEERS

Operational Readiness: The US Army Corps of Engineers is working with
stakeholders and partners to ensure that Corps operated dams in California make
best use of available flows for drought management purposes without affecting
authorized project purposes, such as flood risk management.


For more information please visit: http://www.whitehouse.gov

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              17 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                           January 19, 2011 Wednesday

Haiti/Cholera: World Bank Approves US$15 Million Grant

LENGTH: 834  words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, Jan. 19 -- The World Bank Board of Directors today approved a US$15
million grant to help Haiti's efforts to fight the cholera epidemic. The new
project will boost the country's medical response to the disease while expanding
its capacity to monitor and prevent such outbreaks. The program is part of the
World Bank's US$479 million reconstruction support.

"Haiti needs all the help it can get to respond to the deadly cholera epidemic
which is ravaging parts of the country," said Ronald Baudin, Haiti's Minister of
Finance. "The continued support of the World Bank will be key for saving lives
and re-establishing the public health service network."

Since the onset of the epidemic last October, about 149,000 cases have been
reported and more than 3,000 people have died, according to the latest United
Nations data. Haiti's humanitarian situation was already precarious due to the
January 12, 2010 earthquake that struck the country and left about one million
people homeless and living in camps throughout Port-au-Prince and other cities.

To quickly contain cholera's deadly advance, the Cholera Emergency Response
Grant will finance public and non-public efforts on the ground to respond to
emergency cholera needs at the departmental level, including provision of urgent
care and treatment for affected populations and vulnerable groups as well as
preventive interventions at the community level.

Preventive actions include hygiene and food handling awareness campaigns in
communities and schools where kids are being taught about the importance of
using clean water and soap to avoid contagion. These activities will complement
significant hygiene awareness and prevention efforts already underway, such as
the creation of a "Public Health Brigade" to carry out cholera treatment and
prevention work throughout the country.

In addition, the US$15 million grant will strengthen the emergency response
capacity of the Ministry of Public Health and Population (MSPP) and the Haitian
National Directorate of Water Supply and Sanitation (DINEPA). Specifically, this
new funding will provide technical assistance to help improve the state's early
warning response to outbreaks, monitor incidents, strengthen medical waste
management, and build implementation capacity.

"Key to the success of these efforts is the joint response to the emergency,
involving not only agencies and NGOs but, especially, the Haitians themselves,"
said Alexandre Abrantes, the World Bank Special Envoy to Haiti. "The new grant
will be used to contract experienced NGOs for immediate cholera response
activities and strengthen the capacity of the Government to respond to the
epidemic."

Haiti's January 12 earthquake crippled the country's public infrastructure,
killing up to 30 percent of Haiti's most senior public officials, while
destroying or putting out of commission water and sanitation systems. One year
later, the displaced are still living in temporary camps, with unsafe water and
sanitation, a breeding ground for cholera.

Through a Global Facility for Disaster Reduction and Recovery grant of
US$200,000, the World Bank is identifying national and international actors
already involved in these tasks, preparing a standardized training plan and
training a core group of 250 trainers. It will also finance an awareness and
prevention campaign.

The World Bank has also provided assistance to the Directorate of Civil
Protection since the beginning of the outbreak, in late October, to coordinate
the response of the government and its partners. This assistance has supported
the setup and manning of the National Emergency Operation Center and management
of the national campaign 'Konbit kont Kolera' which raises awareness on cholera
and its prevention.

In the aftermath of the January earthquake, the World Bank Group (WBG) committed
US$479 million for the first 24 months of reconstruction. One year later, two
thirds of this pledge has been delivered. The WBG allocated US$340 million to
Haiti in the form of new grants for reconstruction, disbursements to the
Government of Haiti, communities and non-governmental actors, debt relief, and
private sector funding.

So far, the Bank disbursed US$129 million or US$11 million per month for actions
that have protected displaced persons from flooding, fed infants and provided
supplements to pregnant women, kept children in school, trained teachers,
rebuilt roads and bridges, provided support to communities, started neighborhood
upgrading and community housing reconstruction, and rebuilt government
facilities.

Note to Editors: On November 24, 2010, the World Bank announced it was preparing
a US$10 million emergency grant to fight cholera in Haiti. The figure was
increased by US$5 million, totaling the US$15 million approved today by the
Board of Directors. Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily Pak
Banker. For any query with respect to this article or any other content
requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              18 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Lebanon Daily News (Pennsylvania)

                           November 7, 2012 Wednesday

Your money makes alphabet soup

SECTION: LETTERS TO EDITOR

LENGTH: 438 words


Editor:

These are abbreviations used to identify and track federal funds:

ADA (Americans with Disabilities Act); ARC (Appalachian Regional Commission);
ARRA (American Recovery & Reinvestment Act); BG (Block Grant); CCDFBG (Child
Care & Development Fund Block Grant); CHIPRA (Children's Health Insurance
Program Reauthorization Act; COPS (Community Oriented Policing Services);

CSBG (Community Services Block Grant); DCSI (Drug Control & Systems
Improvement); DFSC (Safe and Drug Free Schools & Communities); DOE (Department
of Energy); EDA (Economic Development Administration); EEOC (Equal Employment
Opportunity Commission); EMAC (Emergency Management Assistance Compact);

EMS (Emergency Medical Services); EPA (Environmental Protection Agency); EPCA
(Energy Policy & Conservation Act); ESEA (Elementary & Secondary Education Act);
FEMA (Federal Emergency Management Agency); FFY (Federal Fiscal Year); FHWA
(Federal Highway Administration); FTA (Federal Transit Administration);

HIPAA (Health Insurance Portability & Accountability Act); HHS (Health & Human
Services); HUD (Housing & Urban Development); ID (Intellectual Disabilities);
JAG (Justice Assistance Grants); LIHEABG (Low-Income Home Energy Assistance
Block Grant); LSTA (Library Services & Technology Act);

LWCF (Land & Water Conservation Fund); MA (Medical Assistance); MAGLOCLEN
(Middle Atlantic Great Lakes Organized Crime Law Enforcement Network); MCH
(Maternal and Child Health); MCHSBG (Maternal & Health Services Block Grant);
MH/MR (Mental Health/Mental Retardation Services); MHSBG (Mental Health Services
Block Grant);

MR (Mental Retardation); NCHIP (National Criminal History Improvement Program);
NEA (National Endowment for the Arts); NICS (National Instant Check System); NSF
(National Science Foundation); OEP (Office of Emergency Preparedness); OSM
(Office of Surface Mining);

PHHSBG (Preventive Health & Health Services Block Grant); RSAT (Residential
Substance Abuse Treatment); SABG (Substance Abuse Block Grant); SAFETEA (Safe,
Accountable, Flexible and Efficient Transportation Equity Act); SCDBG (Small
Communities Development Block Grant); SDA (Service Delivery Area);

SSA (Social Security Act); SSBG (Social Services Block Grant); SSI (Supplemental
Security Income; TANBG (Temporary Assistance to Needy Families Block Grant);
USFWS (United States Fish & Wildlife Service); VA (Veterans Administration);
VOCA (Victims of Crime Act); WIA (Workforce Investment Act); WIC (Women, Infants
& Children Program); and YDC (Youth Development Center).

Does this alphabet soup reassure you we're squeezing every penny out of each tax
dollar?

SEN. MIKE FOLMER
HARRISBURG

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2012 Lebanon Daily News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              19 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 17, 2014 Monday

Washington: Obama Administration Announces Additional Assistance to Californians
Impacted by Drought

LENGTH: 1082  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Agriculture, The Government of USA has issued the following
news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack joined President Barack Obama in Fresno,
Calif., today to announce that the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) will
provide additional assistance to help farmers, ranchers and residents affected
by severe drought in California. At President Obama's direction, USDA has made
implementation of the 2014 Farm Bill livestock disaster assistance programs a
top priority and plans to have the programs available for sign up by April 15,
2014.

"President Obama and I will continue to do everything within our power to
support California farmers, ranchers and families living in drought-stricken
areas. This assistance, coupled with other aid being made available across
government, should provide some relief during this difficult time," said
Vilsack. "Thanks to the newly-signed Farm Bill, we are now able to offer
long-awaited livestock disaster assistance, which will provide needed stability
for California livestock producers impacted by drought."

USDA has declared 54 counties in California as primary natural disaster areas
due to drought. Additional USDA resources announced for California and other
drought-stricken states today include:

$100 million in livestock disaster assistance for California producers. The 2014
Farm Bill contains permanent livestock disaster programs including the Livestock
Forage Disaster Program, which will help producers in California and other areas
recover from the drought. At President Obama's direction, USDA is making
implementation of the disaster programs a top priority and plans to have the
programs available for sign up in 60 days. Producers will be able to sign up for
the livestock disaster programs for losses not only for 2014 but for losses they
experienced in 2012 and 2013. While these livestock programs took over a year to
get assistance out the door under the last Farm Bill- USDA has committed to cut
that time by more than 80 percent and begin sign-up in April. California alone
could potentially receive up to $100 million for 2014 losses and up to $50
million for previous years.
 $15 million in targeted conservation assistance for the most extreme and
exceptional drought areas. This includes $5 million in additional assistance to
California and $10 million for drought-impacted areas in Texas, Oklahoma,
Nebraska, Colorado and New Mexico. The funding is available through the
Environmental Quality Incentives Program (EQIP) administered by USDA. The
assistance helps farmers and ranchers implement conservation practices that
conserve scarce water resources, reduce wind erosion on drought-impacted fields
and improve livestock access to water.
 $5 million in targeted Emergency Watershed Protection (EWP) Program assistance
to the most drought impacted areas of California to protect vulnerable soils.
EWP helps communities address watershed impairments due to drought and other
natural occurrences. This funding will help drought-ravaged communities and
private landowners address watershed impairments, such as stabilizing stream
banks and replanting upland sites stripped of vegetation.
 $60 million has been made available to food banks in the State of California to
help families that may be economically impacted by the drought. The U.S.
Department of Agriculture (USDA) is providing help to food banks through The
Emergency Food Assistance Program (TEFAP).
 600 summer meal sites to be established in California's drought stricken areas.
The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) is working with the California
Department of Education to target efforts to expand the number of Summer Food
Service Program meal sites this summer. There are expected to be close to 600
summer meal sites throughout the drought stricken areas.
 $3 million in Emergency Water Assistance Grants for rural communities
experiencing water shortages. U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) is making $3
million in grants available to help rural communities that are experiencing a
significant decline in the quality or quantity of drinking water due to the
drought obtain or maintain water sources of sufficient quantity and quality.
These funds will be provided to eligible, qualified communities by application
through USDA-Rural Development's Emergency Community Water Assistance Grants
(ECWAG). California state health officials have already identified 17 small
community water districts in 10 counties that are at risk of running out of
water in 60-120 days. This number is expected to increase if current conditions
persist.

Today's announcements build on other recent USDA efforts to help farmers,
ranchers, and forest landowners mitigate the impacts of drought. Last week, USDA
announced $20 million in Environmental Quality Incentives Program (EQIP) funds
for agricultural conservation enhancements on key agricultural lands in
California. These enhancements include irrigation efficiency, cover crops,
orchard pruning, and protection of grazing lands. USDA also announced $15
million in Conservation Innovation Grants (CIG) in available funding to state
and local governments, Tribes, universities, businesses and agricultural
producers. These grants are dedicated to stimulating the development and
adoption of innovative conservation approaches and technologies, including those
that will help communities adapt to drought and climate change.

USDA also announced last week the establishment of regional Climate Hubs across
the country that will help farmers, ranchers and communities get the information
and data they need to make informed decisions around a changing climate. One
center was established at the University of California, Davis.

As USDA begins implementing disaster assistance programs, producers should
record all pertinent information of natural disaster consequences, including:

Documentation of the number and kind of livestock that have died, supplemented
if possible by photographs or video records of ownership and losses;
 Dates of death supported by birth recordings or purchase receipts;
 Costs of transporting livestock to safer grounds or to move animals to new
pastures;
 Feed purchases if supplies or grazing pastures are destroyed;
 Crop records, including seed and fertilizer purchases, planting and production
records;
 Pictures of on-farm storage facilities that were destroyed by wind or flood
waters; and
 Evidence of damaged farm land.


For more information please visit: http://www.usda.gov

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              20 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 30, 2016 Friday

Washington: Wicker, Cochran, & Palazzo Announce $2.0 Million Grant for Gulfport
Infrastructure

LENGTH: 358  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Roger F. Wicker has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Senators Roger Wicker, R-Miss., and Thad Cochran, R-Miss., and Congressman
Steven Palazzo, R-Miss., today reported that the City of Gulfport has been
awarded a $2.0 million grant from the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA)
for ongoing infrastructure improvements.





 "This project highlights how important it is to provide reliable water service
to Gulfport residents, while strengthening the community to withstand future
storms," Wicker said. "These investments are critical to the long-term success
of the city and its ability to continue growing."



 "Gulfport is working systematically on water and wastewater system repairs and
replacement following Hurricane Katrina. This FEMA grant is intended to help
make the city's water and wastewater services stronger and more reliable,"
Cochran said.



 "Our communities on the Gulf Coast have shown great resilience in the years
following hurricane Katrina, and it's imperative that we continue to support
their ongoing recovery efforts. This grant will allow the City of Gulfport to
have a sustainable water and wastewater management system thus improving the
quality of life for coast residents," Palazzo said.



 The FEMA Public Assistance grant to Gulfport will support water and wastewater
improvements in the city. The $2,023,299 grant is awarded under the federal
disaster declaration issued after Hurricane Katrina. No state or local matching
funds are required with this award.



 FEMA Public Assistance grants provide supplemental disaster assistance to
state, local and tribal governments and some nonprofit organizations for debris
removal and emergency protective measures. These grants can also fund the
repair, replacement, or restoration of disaster-damaged, publicly-owned
facilities.



 In May, FEMA awarded the City of Biloxi an $8.9 million grant for ongoing work
to purchase easements to replace infrastructure damaged during Hurricane Katrina
and subsequent storms.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              21 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 30, 2016 Friday

Washington: Wicker, Cochran, & Palazzo Announce $2.0 Million Grant for Gulfport
Infrastructure

LENGTH: 358  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Roger F. Wicker has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Senators Roger Wicker, R-Miss., and Thad Cochran, R-Miss., and Congressman
Steven Palazzo, R-Miss., today reported that the City of Gulfport has been
awarded a $2.0 million grant from the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA)
for ongoing infrastructure improvements.





 "This project highlights how important it is to provide reliable water service
to Gulfport residents, while strengthening the community to withstand future
storms," Wicker said. "These investments are critical to the long-term success
of the city and its ability to continue growing."



 "Gulfport is working systematically on water and wastewater system repairs and
replacement following Hurricane Katrina. This FEMA grant is intended to help
make the city's water and wastewater services stronger and more reliable,"
Cochran said.



 "Our communities on the Gulf Coast have shown great resilience in the years
following hurricane Katrina, and it's imperative that we continue to support
their ongoing recovery efforts. This grant will allow the City of Gulfport to
have a sustainable water and wastewater management system thus improving the
quality of life for coast residents," Palazzo said.



 The FEMA Public Assistance grant to Gulfport will support water and wastewater
improvements in the city. The $2,023,299 grant is awarded under the federal
disaster declaration issued after Hurricane Katrina. No state or local matching
funds are required with this award.



 FEMA Public Assistance grants provide supplemental disaster assistance to
state, local and tribal governments and some nonprofit organizations for debris
removal and emergency protective measures. These grants can also fund the
repair, replacement, or restoration of disaster-damaged, publicly-owned
facilities.



 In May, FEMA awarded the City of Biloxi an $8.9 million grant for ongoing work
to purchase easements to replace infrastructure damaged during Hurricane Katrina
and subsequent storms.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              22 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 30, 2016 Friday

Washington: Wicker, Cochran, & Palazzo Announce $2.0 Million Grant for Gulfport
Infrastructure

LENGTH: 358  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Roger F. Wicker has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Senators Roger Wicker, R-Miss., and Thad Cochran, R-Miss., and Congressman
Steven Palazzo, R-Miss., today reported that the City of Gulfport has been
awarded a $2.0 million grant from the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA)
for ongoing infrastructure improvements.





 "This project highlights how important it is to provide reliable water service
to Gulfport residents, while strengthening the community to withstand future
storms," Wicker said. "These investments are critical to the long-term success
of the city and its ability to continue growing."



 "Gulfport is working systematically on water and wastewater system repairs and
replacement following Hurricane Katrina. This FEMA grant is intended to help
make the city's water and wastewater services stronger and more reliable,"
Cochran said.



 "Our communities on the Gulf Coast have shown great resilience in the years
following hurricane Katrina, and it's imperative that we continue to support
their ongoing recovery efforts. This grant will allow the City of Gulfport to
have a sustainable water and wastewater management system thus improving the
quality of life for coast residents," Palazzo said.



 The FEMA Public Assistance grant to Gulfport will support water and wastewater
improvements in the city. The $2,023,299 grant is awarded under the federal
disaster declaration issued after Hurricane Katrina. No state or local matching
funds are required with this award.



 FEMA Public Assistance grants provide supplemental disaster assistance to
state, local and tribal governments and some nonprofit organizations for debris
removal and emergency protective measures. These grants can also fund the
repair, replacement, or restoration of disaster-damaged, publicly-owned
facilities.



 In May, FEMA awarded the City of Biloxi an $8.9 million grant for ongoing work
to purchase easements to replace infrastructure damaged during Hurricane Katrina
and subsequent storms.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              23 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                           February 10, 2011 Thursday

USDA can help residents hit hard by winter weather

BYLINE: For the Headlight

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 413 words


ALBUQUERQUE - USDA Rural Development New Mexico State Director Terry Brunner
announced financial aid is available to help individuals, communities and
utilities address the implications of recent winter storms in rural New Mexico.

"We've all seen the negative effect of the recent storm system. Utilities are
coping with broken pipes and lines, community facilities have been damaged and
homeowners have seen a variety of problems," said Brunner. He added, "We have
several programs that could help address these issues and we stand ready to
assist rural New Mexicans during this challenging time."

Telecommunication and Electric Cooperatives have access to normal lines of
credit through the USDA Rural Utilities Service to repair system damages. The
USDA Rural Utilities Service encourages those with outstanding RUS debt to reach
out to the agency and request assistance to bring their system back on line as
quickly as possible. Other eligible utility applicants may seek expedited
funding requests from Rural Development.

Water systems, such as municipal systems and mutual domestic water associations,
in communities of 10,000 or less can apply for USDA's Emergency Community Water
Assistance Grants if they have current environmental and engineering documents.
These grants can cover a variety of issues including a decrease in water quality
and replacement of lines and other equipment.

Communities with populations less than 20,000 can apply for USDA loans and
grants for repair to their community infrastructure through the USDA Rural
Development Community Facilities program. This includes: community buildings,
medical facilities, emergency equipment, and roads.

Low income homeowners in communities of 10,000 or less may apply for low
interest home repair loans and grants to fix their home, weatherize, purchase
heating systems and repair utilities connections. The maximum allowed through
the grant program is $7,500 and the maximum loan available is $20,000 at one
percent interest.

CONTACT

For more information on these programs contact the nearest USDA Rural
Development office.

Aztec Area Office (505) 334-3090, ext. 4

Las Cruces Area Office (575) 522-8775, ext. 4

Las Vegas Sub-Office (505) 425-3594, ext. 4

Los Lunas Area Office (505) 865-4643, ext. 4

Roswell Sub-Office (575) 622-8745

For more information on rural programs is available at any local USDA Rural
Development office or by visiting USDA Rural Development's web site at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2011 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              24 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Las Cruces Sun-News (New Mexico)

                           February 10, 2011 Thursday

USDA can help residents hit hard by winter weather (4:07 a.m.)

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 411 words


ALBUQUERQUE - USDA Rural Development New Mexico State Director Terry Brunner
announced financial aid is available to help individuals, communities and
utilities address the implications of recent winter storms in rural New Mexico.

"We've all seen the negative effect of the recent storm system. Utilities are
coping with broken pipes and lines, community facilities have been damaged and
homeowners have seen a variety of problems," said Brunner. He added, "We have
several programs that could help address these issues and we stand ready to
assist rural New Mexicans during this challenging time."

Telecommunication and Electric Cooperatives have access to normal lines of
credit through the USDA Rural Utilities Service to repair system damages. The
USDA Rural Utilities Service encourages those with outstanding RUS debt to reach
out to the agency and request assistance to bring their system back on line as
quickly as possible. Other eligible utility applicants may seek expedited
funding requests from Rural Development.

Water systems, such as municipal systems and mutual domestic water associations,
in communities of 10,000 or less can apply for USDA's Emergency Community Water
Assistance Grants if they have current environmental and engineering documents.
These grants can cover a variety of issues including a decrease in water quality
and replacement of lines and other equipment.

Communities with populations less than 20,000 can apply for USDA loans and
grants for repair to their community infrastructure through the USDA Rural
Development Community Facilities program. This includes: community buildings,
medical facilities, emergency equipment, and roads.

Low income homeowners in communities of 10,000 or less may apply for low
interest home repair loans and grants to fix their home, weatherize, purchase
heating systems and repair utilities connections. The maximum allowed through
the grant program is $7,500 and the maximum loan available is $20,000 at one
percent interest.

CONTACT

For more information on these programs contact the nearest USDA Rural
Development office.

Aztec Area Office (505) 334-3090, ext. 4

Las Cruces Area Office (575) 522-8775, ext. 4

Las Vegas Sub-Office (505) 425-3594, ext. 4

Los Lunas Area Office (505) 865-4643, ext. 4

Roswell Sub-Office (575) 622-8745

For more information on rural programs is available at any local USDA Rural
Development office or by visiting USDA Rural Development's web site at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2011 Las Cruces Sun-News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              25 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Mt. Vernon Register-News (Illinois)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 26, 2011 Monday

RLCD seeks second grant

BYLINE: Tesa Culli, Mt. Vernon Register-News, Ill.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 520 words


Sept. 26--Rend Lake Conservancy District is seeking a second state grant to
bypass areas where water mains are underwater, this time for the Buckner area.

The district is applying for a Community Development Assistance Program grant to
bypass the Big Muddy Swamp near Buckner, according to information from the
district. The water main in question serves Buckner, Bush, Christopher,
Greenwood Creek Nation Water District, Hurst, Mulkeytown, North City, Valier,
Sesser, Zeigler, Royalton, Dowell, DuQuoin, St. Johns and Tamaroa.

This is the second grant-funded project to bypass areas where water mains are
under water. Earlier this year, the district announced its plans to seek grant
funding to replace the section of water main which supplies Mt. Vernon, and
consequently a number of Jefferson County communities which purchase water from
the city of Mt. Vernon. The Jefferson County project involves a first phase of
laying 1.5 miles of linear pipe at an estimated cost of about $3 million. The
district is seeking funds from the Federal Emergency Management Agency as well
as state CDAP funds.

FEMA is interested in helping fund the project as part of disaster mitigation in
the area, however, RLCD General Manager Keith Thomason has said the agency may
not have funds available for the entire project, which is why CDAP funds are
also being sought.

For the Buckner project, the district is surveying some of the rural communities
affected, as part of the application process.

"RLCD will be mailing out surveys to Greenwood Creek Water District and
Mulkeytown water customers," information from the district states. "It is
important that the survey be filled out completely and without error, such as
crossing or scribbling out mistakes. The timeline to complete this survey is
very narrow..."

The surveys are necessary due to a lack of information in the state database.

"To expedite the survey process, RLCD will be sending out a survey crew to offer
assistance in completing the survey," information states. "The survey crew will
be going door-to-door in the Mulkeytown and Greenwood Creek Nation Water
District area."

Thomason reported in July part of the money for the Rend Lake and Big Muddy
bypass projects has been set back and earning 1 percent interest at that time.
However, September marked the time when the interest rate on the funds were
reduced to .6 percent. The majority of the board voted to do an interfund loan
of $3.4 million to the Recreation Fund for one year at 2.6 percent interest with
a 15 year amortization rate for the principal.

Board members Jim Rippy and Jere Shaw voted against the interfund loan, with
Dave Stewart since coming out against the loan, although he was absent from the
meeting and unable to vote on the measure.

Thomason said there isn't enough money set aside for the two bypass projects at
this time, and the projects will not be put on hold, as no expenses are expected
to happen before next summer.

___ (c)2011 the Mt. Vernon Register-News (Mount Vernon, Ill.) Visit the Mt.
Vernon Register-News (Mount Vernon, Ill.) at register-news.com Distributed by
MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110926-VR-RLCD-seeks-second-grant-0926-20110926

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VR


                    Copyright 2011 Mt. Vernon Register-News


                              26 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Central Queensland News

                                 March 9, 2011

Try making sense of assistance

SECTION: Pg. 2

LENGTH: 440  words


ONE of the frustrations expressed by people in communities affected by disasters
is the confusing nature of the assistance programs available.

For people in areas of Queensland regularly impacted by natural disasters like
cyclones, the processes for getting help after an event are better known.

But the scope of last summer's disasters are so great that, for many, it is the
first time they have to navigate this complicated process.

Finding out where to go for help can be overwhelming, so I want to spend time
unscrambling the "help egg".

The cost of rebuilding Queensland post-floods and cyclone Yasi will be more than
$5 billion. The Commonwealth and state governments have an assistance program
called the Natural Disaster Relief and Recovery Arrangement (NDRRA).

The scheme is funded at 75% by the Commonwealth and 25% from the State
Government. The Federal Government has already put $2 billion towards
reconstruction. Much of the money needed for reconstruction of Queensland's
public infrastructure will come from this scheme.

The NDRRA splits into four broad categories:

Category A - immediate emergency assistance to ease personal hardship as a
direct result of a natural disaster. It pays for things such as emergency
accommodation and food, as well as Counter Disaster Operations like sandbags or
tarpaulins.

Category B - fixes what was broken. It pays for repairs to public assets like
major roads and helps businesses back on their feet through grants and special
loans. It also helps people have essential services like gas, power and sewerage
fixed in their homes.

Category C - community recovery from an holistic perspective. Providing grants
and loans to businesses, primary producers and not-for-profit organisations.

Category D - supporting eligible Category C applicants who have suffered extreme
damage by providing access to concessional loans and grants. It targets
industries significant to local communities, where prolonged closure would have
a huge impact.

The government has also announced programs like the $315 million Local Councils
package and the $24.5 million Sports Fightback Fund which will pay for the
reconstruction of water treatment plants and community sporting facilities.

And yet, there will be others still, that won't fit in any of the categories.
That's where donations will make all the difference. The authority is also
managing a donor-matching program where pledges will be matched to communities
most in need. You know your communities best. Stay engaged in the debate about
ideas and above all, put your efforts into your community's recovery.

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RCQ


                    Copyright 2011 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              27 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                            November 16, 2015 Monday

Washington: Manchin and Capito Announce More Than $12 Million in Funding from
U.S. Department of Agriculture

LENGTH: 518 words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Washington: Office of the Senator Joe Manchin has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Senators  Joe Manchin (D-WV) and Shelley Moore Capito (R-WV) today
announced loans and grants for five projects in West Virginia to develop water
and wastewater infrastructure. The funds have been awarded by the United States
Department of Agriculture (USDA) and will provide rural communities with the
resources necessary to improve or repair their water and wastewater systems.





 USDA has awarded $12,246,000 to four West Virginia communities for projects in
the Water and Waste Disposal Loan and Grant Program. This program provides
crucial funding for projects that promote clean drinking water systems, sanitary
sewage and solid waste disposal, and storm water drainage to households and
businesses.



 Additionally, a $500,000 grant has been awarded to the Mingo County Public
Service District for the Emergency Community Water Assistance Grant (ECWAG)
program, which assists in the preparation or recovery process for emergencies
threatening the availability of safe and reliable drinking water.



 &ldquo;It is important to invest in infrastructure projects like these that
make sure our communities are connected to the basic necessities of life, like
water,&rdquo; Senator Manchin said. &ldquo;All West Virginians deserve access to
clean and safe water, and this funding will improve our water systems to ensure
the health and safety of our residents. This project will also help boost
economic development, protect tourism activities in these regions and improve
the prosperity of our families, businesses and communities. I will continue to
work to make these commonsense infrastructure investments a reality.&rdquo;



 &ldquo;It is essential that every West Virginian have access to clean water.
This funding will not only assist rural communities throughout the state in
repairing and establishing safer and more reliable water and waste systems, but
it will also help solidify local economies,&rdquo; said Senator Capito. &ldquo;I
am pleased to join Senator Manchin in announcing this important funding that
will help to strengthen our communities and keep our residents healthy.&rdquo;



 Individual awards are listed below:



 Water and Waste Disposal Loan and Grant Program



     $719,000 loan/$936,000 grant &ndash; Cottageville Public Service District:
Funding will be used to support the Phase II Sewer Project.

     $6,073,000 loan &ndash; City of Elkins: Funding will be used for water
system improvements.

     $1,782,000 loan/$750,000 grant &ndash; Logan County Public Service
District: Funding will be used towards the Big Harts Phase III Water Project.

     $1,105,000 loan/$881,000 grant &ndash; City of Welch: Funding will
contribute to waterline replacement on McDowell Street and riverside.



 Emergency Community Water Assistance Grants Program



     $500,000 grant &ndash; Mingo County Public Service District: Funding will
support emergency flooding recovery projects in Mingo County.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              28 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring South Asia - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                              May 8, 2008 Thursday

World Bank sanctions additional 127m aid for Nepal

LENGTH: 435 words


Text of report headlined "Nepal gets additional 127m dollars aid from World
Bank" published by Nepalese newspaper Rajdhani on 8 May

Kathmandu, 7 May: The World Bank has sanctioned additional assistance of US
dollars 127 million for Nepal. The assistance was sanctioned by a meeting of the
bank board held in Washington on Wednesday [7 May].

Eleven executive directors of the bank who returned after a visit to Nepal a few
weeks ago had pledged the additional assistance.

The assistance sanctioned by the bank includes 50m dollars each for an emergency
peace assistance project and a health care sector development programme, and 27m
dollars for the second rural drinking water supply and hygiene project.

The 50m dollar grant will benefit Nepalis affected by the decade-long conflict,
the bank has stated.

"This grant aid will help the Nepal government's efforts to implement the
comprehensive peace agreement concluded on 21 November 2006," it is stated in a
communiqué issued by the bank.

The bank believes that the grant provided under the emergency peace assistance
project will help the government meet the commitments made in the comprehensive
peace agreement and the 23-point agreement concluded between the seven parties
and the Maoists.

The coalition government of the seven parties had decided to provide the
families of those who died in the conflict 100,000 rupees each as compensation
and to make available the salaries of Maoist combatants encamped in the
temporary cantonments at the rate of 3,000 rupees a month per head.

However, since the past 10 months the combatants in the camps have not been
provided any salary. The project will help the government with the
rehabilitation of the combatants, the World Bank has stated.

"This project will strengthen the Nepal government's agenda for ensuring lasting
peace," World Bank Director in Nepal Susan Goldmark said.

Similarly, the assistance under the healthcare sector development programme,
which was also sanctioned on Wednesday, will be used for the access of deprived
communities to essential medical services and to enhance the usefulness of such
services, it is stated.

According to the bank, the grant assistance will help through the scrapping of
some user fees, benefit indigent women and children who are bereft of any
facilities and promote safe maternity.

The assistance provided for the rural drinking water supply and hygiene project
will expand services to the remote rural areas.

The grant will bring potable water and hygiene to an additional 400,000 people
of 600 communities, the bank states.

Source: Rajdhani, Kathmandu, in Nepali 08 May 08

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2008 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              29 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Ballarat Courier

                           January 7, 2015 Wednesday

MAIN HEAD

SECTION: EARLY GENERAL NEWS; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 185 words


ASSISTANCE for those affected by the bushfires in Moyston was announced on
Tuesday.

Two emergency grants will be available to people living in the Rural City of
Ararat who are suffering personal hardship and distress as a result of the
fires.

The Emergency Relief Assistance grant will provide payments of up to $520 an
adult and $260 a child to cover emergency food, shelter, clothing and personal
items.

The Emergency Re-establishment Assistance grant will provide assistance of up to
$31,950 per household for clean-up, emergency accommodation, repairs, rebuilding
and replacing some damaged contents.

Victorian Minister for Emergency Services Jane Garrett urged Victorians to make
sure they had a bushfire plan and remained vigilant during the fire season.

"Smoke and ash has contaminated the residential potable water supplies of many
properties," she said. "The Re-establishment Grants ... can be used to clean up
and refill residential potable water tanks so that affected properties are safe
and habitable."

Information about the assistance can be found at : disasterassist.gov.au

matthew.dixon@fairfaxmedia.com.au

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2015 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              30 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            September 7, 1984 Friday

Alberta makes public   emergency water plan

BYLINE: CP

LENGTH: 348 words

DATELINE: Edmonton AB


EDMONTON  (CP) - The Alberta Government has announced a $4.6-million
 emergency water supply program for drought-stricken areas of the province.

Eight communities could face serious water shortages by winter unless
 their water supply is augmented, Environment Minister Frederick Bradley
 told a news conference yesterday.
    'The prolonged period of low precipitation that began last fall and
 winter and has continued during this summer has strained water supplies
 for numerous communities and individuals in southern and central
 Alberta,' Mr. Bradley said.
    'These drought conditions call for extraordinary measures by the
 province to minimize the hardships that now exist or that could be
 experienced over the coming winter.'
    The program will provide equipment, manpower and financial assistance
 to alleviate water supply shortages that exist as a result of current
 drought conditions, Mr. Bradley said.

Communities and individuals eligible for assistance under the program
 must be within the designated area to be included in the Department of
 Agriculture's Livestock Drought Assistance Program.

Mr. Bradley said the 'designated drought area' will be announced in
 the near future.

The water supply program, which will be administered by the province's
 environment department, is scheduled to expire March 31, 1985.

The program has three administrative components: an emergency water
 supply program, a pumping program and a well-testing program.

Under the community water supply program, assistance will be available
 to local authorities for surface water storage facilities or ground water
 development. The province will pay all capital costs, with local
 authorities assuming operating and maintenance costs, Mr. Bradley said.

The pumping program will 'replenish municipal and domestic stock water
 storage facilities" and the Alberta environment department's pumps and
 pipes will be made available.

Individuals eligible for the well- testing program will receive a grant
 covering the exploratory testing costs. However, the Government will not
 finance any development expenses, Mr. Bradley said.

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1984 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              31 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                      The Observer (Gladstone, Queensland)

                            March 9, 2011 Wednesday

Making sense of the financial assistance for disaster-affected people

SECTION: Pg. 10

LENGTH: 459  words


ONE of the frustrations I hear from people in affected communities is about the
confusing nature of the assistance available after a disaster.

For people in areas of Queensland who are regularly impacted by natural
disasters like cyclones, the processes for getting help to get back on your feet
after an event are better known. But for many this will be the first time they
have to navigate what can be a complicated process at a very difficult time.

And so, I want to spend some time unscrambling the "~help egg'. The cost of
reconstructing Queensland post-floods and after Cyclone Yasi will be more than
$5 billion. The Commonwealth and State Governments have an assistance program
called the NDRRA or Natural Disaster Relief and Recovery Arrangement.

The scheme is funded at 75% cent by the Commonwealth and 25% from the State
Government. The Federal Government has already put $2 billion towards the
reconstruction effort. Much of the money needed for the reconstruction of
Queensland's public infrastructure will come from this scheme and the Authority
will ensure that we make that allocation go as far as possible.

The NDRRA is broadly split into four categories:

Category A is a form of immediate emergency assistance that is given to people
to help ease personal hardship as a direct result of a natural disaster. It pays
for things such as emergency accommodation and food, as well as counter disaster
operations like sandbags or tarpaulins.

Category B basically fixes what was broken. It pays for repairs to public assets
like major roads and helps businesses back on their feet through grants and
special loans. It also helps people have essential services like gas, power and
sewerage fixed in their homes.

Category C includes community recovery packages that look at the recovery from a
holistic perspective by providing grants and special loans to businesses,
primary producers and not-for-profit organisations for activities like cleanup,
debris removal and fodder drops.

The recently announced Category D provides extra support for eligible Category C
applicants who have suffered extreme damage by providing access to concessional
loans and grants. It is targeted to industries that are significant to local
communities and whose prolonged closure will have a huge impact on the
community.

Not all reconstruction jobs will fit under the four categories. That's why the
government has announced other programs like the $315 million Local Councils
package and the $24.5 million Sports Fightback Fund which will pay for the
reconstruction of water treatment plants and community sporting facilities.

And yet, there'll be others still, that won't fit in any of the categories -
that's where donations will make all the difference.

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OGO


                    Copyright 2011 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              32 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Balochistan Times (AsiaNet)

                             August 13, 2007 Monday

USAID PROVIDES ADDITIONAL $1.6 MILLION FOR FLOOD VICTIMS IN BALOCHISTAN

LENGTH: 335 words


ISLAMABAD: Furthering its commitment towards humanitarian assistance in the
flood-affected regions of Pakistan, the U.S. Agency for International
Development (USAID) and its Office of Foreign Disaster Assistance (OFDA) have
provided a grant of $1.6 million to bring emergency relief to communities
affected by Cyclone Yemyin that hit Balochistan and Sindh provinces in late
June.

"USAID's objective for disaster assistance is to preserve life, minimize
suffering, foster self-sufficiency and enhance recovery," said USAID/Pakistan
Mission Director Anne Aarnes. "Our increased assistance demonstrates the
American people's support for the Pakistani families who have endured this
disaster, and we will continue to monitor their needs."

The $1.6 million grant has been provided to non-governmental organizations,
Catholic Relief Services (CRS) and American Refugee Committee (ARC), to provide
emergency shelter, water, sanitation, and hygiene in the flood-affected areas of
Balochistan.  "The USAID support will enable us to adopt an integrated approach
for addressing unmet needs for dignified and appropriate shelter, potable water
close to settlement areas, and sanitation options that can help reduce the risk
of disease outbreak, " said Alex Causton, CRS Head of Programming in Pakistan.
Through its emergency recovery program, CRS is helping 2,500 households
(estimated 21,000 individuals) in Kech District by giving them basic relief
supplies including cooking utensils, plastic sheeting, hygiene kits and water
filtration systems, and providing them cash for work.

Similarly, ARC will address the essential shelter, water, sanitation and hygiene
needs of 12,000 affected families in the Districts of Kharan and Noshki, as part
of its community-driven and economic enhancing approach. The $1.6 million
assistance package is in addition to $390,000 provided in early July that
provided relief to over 11,000 households in the Balochistan districts of Bolan,
Lasbela, Jhal Magsi, Jaffarabad and Naseerabad.

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Floods/Tidal Waves; Development/Humanitarian Aid

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

                      Copyright 2007 The Balochistan Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              33 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Lanka Business Report

                              June 13, 2016 Monday

Ford partners and JEN to support 50 families in Kilinochchi

LENGTH: 729 words

DATELINE: Sri Lanka


Sri Lanka, June 13 -- Ford Motor Company, represented in Sri Lanka by Future
Automobiles, a subsidiary of Softlogic Holdings, has awarded a grant to JEN
(Japan Emergency NGO) to carry out an agricultural livelihood project in
Kilinochchi.

Utilising the funding from Ford, JEN will be able to assist people who have
returned from displacement regain their livelihood through agriculture. JEN's
project will focus on constructing agro-wells which can enable agriculture
during dry seasons and increase income to achieve self-reliance in the
long-term.This project aims to contribute to two main goals. Firstly, to enable
farmers to expand their agricultural practices and increase income through
establishing access to water and secondly, to strengthen the community to work
together to jointly solve problems encountered in the community.

Ford funding will be able to partially cover the project in Kilinochchi,
targeting 54 families. The funding for this project has been granted by Ford's
Conservation & Environmental Grants programme. In 2014 Ford was recognized as
one of the world's most ethical companies by Ethisphere, for the fifth year in a
row. Ford has also been named as one of Corporate Social Responsibility
magazine's 100 Best Corporate Citizens in the U.S.

JEN's work in Sri Lanka commenced in 2005 when the organization first assisted
the tsunami-affected communities in Hambantota. Since then, JEN has developed
various relationships with communities and stakeholders in Sri Lanka, moving
from Hambantota to the east in Ampara and Batticaloa, and to the north in
Vavuniya, Kilinochchi and Mullaitivu. JEN also conducted rapid assistance in
Manik Farm when the camp was initially established. Projectsinclude emergency
relief kit distribution, livelihood development in fisheries and agriculture and
shelter provision.

Commenting on the grant, Chamath Tennekoon - CEO of Future Automobiles (Pvt) Ltd
stated, "We believe this grant to JEN will play a significant role in helping to
assist people who have returned to their homes and communities, giving them
opportunities to rebuild their lives by investing their time and effort in
agriculture. As an advocate of organic and healthy agricultural practices
myself, I valued the opportunity to assist agricultural communities in need, and
we hope to continue to support JEN in their excellent work in the areas of clean
drinking water and environmental sustainability."

Chiaki Ota -Program Officer of JEN stated, "JEN has been working with Ford's
funding partner GlobalGiving over the past five years, which has led to
thefunding of several successful projects across the globe.We are grateful to
have received funding from Ford to build on our achievements in Sri Lanka. We
are excited to cultivate a new relationship with Ford in Sri Lanka, and hope to
welcome the team to our project sites in Kilinochchi, and to exchange
information and best practices to make this project even better and more
beneficial to the communities we serve."

Over the past several years, Ford has supported numerous projects and causes in
Sri Lanka, as part of its Conservation and Environmental Grants Program. Most
recently, Ford awarded a grant to World Vision Lanka Limited for a water and
sanitation project in Vaharai, Batticaloa District. The project is to provide
safe drinking water to over 220 families living in the area.In 2014, Ford
awarded a US$20,000 grant to the Field Ornithology Group of Sri Lanka (FOGSL),
while in 2013, the company awarded two organisations - The Tree Society of Sri
Lanka and the Wanasarana Thurulatha Swechcha Society - a total of US$15,000. In
2012, the "Fire Prevention in Knuckles Forest Reserve" project was selected as
the inaugural recipient in this program.

Established in January 1994, JEN began by providing emergency assistance to
refugees and IDPs (internally displaced persons)in the former Yugoslavia. Over
the years, JEN has conducted assistance after man-made and natural disasters,
from emergency to recovery phase. JEN has kept true to its motto of "Support the
Power to Live", by nurturing local capacity-building, enabling communities to
achieve self-reliance.

(PRESS RELEASE)

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Lanka Business Report. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


             Copyright 2016 Vanguard Management Services (Pvt.) Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              34 of 998 DOCUMENTS


               Grayson County News-Gazette, Leitchfield, Kentucky

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 20, 2011 Friday

Grant allows the city to purchase generators

BYLINE: Theresa Armstrong, Grayson County News-Gazette, Leitchfield, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 559 words


May 20--The City of Leitchfield was awarded a grant to purchase and install two
generator to be used as a back up power source at the main water works facility
and the main transfer station by Governor Steve Breshaer and the Department for
Local Government

The $145,860 grant is to assist the city with disaster recovery costs from 2008.

The grants are provided by the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban
Development's Community Development Block Grant (2008 Disaster Recovery program,
which helps support long-term recovery and critical infrastructure needs in
communities as a result of the 2008 disasters.

"The devastating effects of the 2008 disasters were among the worst in
Kentucky's history, and the impact continues to affect counties even today,"
said Beshear. "These grants will ensure that communities are able to recover
costs they incurred related to these natural disasters and implement needed
improvements that are critical to public safety."

The city currently has no back-up power source for the water works facility and
main transfer station. Installation of generators will ensure that residents are
able to have water during severe weather. This project will benefit
approximately 6,527 people directly and an additional 7,900 indirectly through
the Grayson County Water District. Of these customers, there are seven schools,
15 health facilities and 31 government buildings.

"The storms of 2008 left a costly trail of hazards and debris in their wake,"
said DLG Commissioner Tony Wilder. "We are glad to be able to assist the many
communities that are still continuing to recover from these disasters. This
assistance will also enhance a level of preparedness in many communities for any
future natural disasters."

The DLG Office of Federal Grants received $3,717, 686 through HUD, which was
provided by the Consolidated Security, Disaster Assistance and Continuing
Appropriations Act of 2009. Fifty-six counties were included in at least one of
the three presidentially declared disasters in 2008.

Those counties were eligible to apply for funding. The Disaster Recovery funds
will be used to assist local governments with recovery to rehab affordable
rental housing in the affected areas; address public facilities, infrastructure
and emergency service needs; and to participate in the state's initiative of
providing mobile homes with the increased ability to sustain high winds by
installing tie downs or placing them on a permanent foundation.

"In the instance of an emergency, the proper equipment will prove greatly
beneficial in response to the situation and in protection of our citizens and
our community," said Rep. C.B. Embry, Jr. of Morgantown. "I am pleased to know
that funds for the purchase of two back-up generators will be made available to
the city of Leitchfield."

The state's CDBG program is administered by DLG and funded through HUD.
Kentucky's Congressional leaders' ongoing support of the CDBG program ensures
the availability of continued funding in Kentucky and nationally.

To see more of the Grayson County News-Gazette, go to
http://www.gcnewsgazette.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, Grayson County News-Gazette,
Leitchfield, Ky. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110520-SY-Grant-allows-the-city-to-purchase-generators-0520-20110520

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SY


                                 Copyright 2011


                              35 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                            November 28, 2010 Sunday

Haiti: $10 million Grant to Bolster Efforts Against Cholera

LENGTH: 904  words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, Nov. 28 -- Vowing to help stem the spread of cholera in Haiti, the
World Bank has launched a two-pronged attack on the latest killer to have found
its way into Haitian households.

A US$10 million emergency grant announced today will address the cholera
epidemic by boosting Haiti's medical response to the disease while expanding the
country's capacity to monitor and prevent such outbreaks, the World Bank said.
The outbreak has already caused over 1,200 deaths and, if not contained, could
kill up to 10,000 people in the coming six to 12 months, according to the Pan
American Health Organization (PAHO). The emergency funding is expected to be
formally submitted for approval to the World Bank Board of Directors in December
2010 but Bank emergency operation procedures allow for up to 40 percent of the
grant to be used to reimburse eligible expenditures already incurred as part of
the emergency response.

To quickly contain cholera's deadly advance, the Bank will fund several
non-profit efforts on the ground that are already providing urgent care and
access to health services to cholera patients as well as preventive care to the
most vulnerable Haitians.

"By boosting the efforts of NGOs already operating on the ground our response
becomes much more effective and rapid than if we did it on our own," argued
project leader Maryanne Sharp, while noting that the initiative is fully aligned
with the government's emergency response to the epidemic known as Cholera
Inter-Sector Response Strategic Plan for Haiti.

Sharp explained that a large chunk of the grant -as much as US$8 million- will
go towards funding the response capacity of the largest NGOs, which are already
taking up much of the health work in Haiti. "They have the setup in place to
work very quickly," she added.

The expert noted that these efforts will focus on helping Haiti's poorest,
providing treatment and preventive actions such as access to clean water,
purification tablets and latrines. Additional interventions include hygiene and
food handling awareness campaigns in communities and schools where kids are
already being taught about the importance of water and soap to avoid contagion.
These activities will complement significant hygiene awareness and prevention
efforts already underway, such as the creation of a "Public Health Brigade" to
carry out cholera treatment and prevention work throughout the country.

Reiterating that Haiti needs all the help it can get to fight the cholera
outbreak, authorities have also emphasized their medium to long-term need to
bolster the country's health system so it can respond adequately to emergencies.
"The support of the World Bank will be key for saving lives and re-establish the
public health service network," said Haiti's Finance Minister Ronald Baudin.

Haiti's January 12 earthquake crippled the country's public infrastructure,
killing up to 30 percent of Haiti's most senior public officials, while
destroying or putting out of commission water and sanitation systems. Many of
the 1.3 million people displaced by the earthquake live in temporary camps, with
unsafe water and sanitation, a breeding ground for cholera.

The proposed US$10 million grant will strengthen the monitoring capacity of the
Ministry of Public Health and Population and the Haitian National Directorate of
Water Supply and Sanitation. Specifically, this new funding will provide
technical assistance to help improve the state's early warning response to
outbreaks and early case detection, monitoring of incidents and management of
health units.

"It is important to recognize that the health system's capacity is not as strong
as we would like, so that we're prepared to create more institutional capacity
within the health ministry," said Sharp.

The World Bank has also provided assistance to the Directorate of Civil
Protection since the beginning of the outbreak, in late October, to coordinate
the response of the government and its partners. This assistance has supported
the setup and manning of the National Emergency Operation Center and management
of the national campaign 'Konbit kont Kolera' which raises awareness on cholera
and its prevention.

Key to the success of these efforts is the joint response to the emergency,
involving not only agencies and NGOs but, especially, the Haitians themselves,
noted Sharp. Following the earthquake, the long-held Haitian tradition of
community involvement has acquired a new meaning and people are very actively
spreading the word on cholera, according to the expert.

"We are working through city councils and municipalities, but communities are
proving to be particularly useful for our information campaign," said Sharp.

The cholera response grant of US$10 million is being prepared with the Haitian
government and various United Nations agencies. In the aftermath of the January
earthquake, World Bank is providing US$479 million in reconstruction support. Of
those, US$320 million have been already used for various government-led
projects, US$39 million were written off as part of Haiti's Bank debt
cancellation and US$49 million from the Bank's private sector arm, the
International Finance Corporation, were used to support Haiti's private
development. Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily Pak Banker.
For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              36 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                            November 29, 2010 Monday

USA: Haiti: $10 million Grant to Bolster Efforts Against Cholera

LENGTH: 904  words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, Nov. 29 -- Vowing to help stem the spread of cholera in Haiti, the
World Bank has launched a two-pronged attack on the latest killer to have found
its way into Haitian households.

A US$10 million emergency grant announced today will address the cholera
epidemic by boosting Haiti's medical response to the disease while expanding the
country's capacity to monitor and prevent such outbreaks, the World Bank said.
The outbreak has already caused over 1,200 deaths and, if not contained, could
kill up to 10,000 people in the coming six to 12 months, according to the Pan
American Health Organization (PAHO). The emergency funding is expected to be
formally submitted for approval to the World Bank Board of Directors in December
2010 but Bank emergency operation procedures allow for up to 40 percent of the
grant to be used to reimburse eligible expenditures already incurred as part of
the emergency response.

To quickly contain cholera's deadly advance, the Bank will fund several
non-profit efforts on the ground that are already providing urgent care and
access to health services to cholera patients as well as preventive care to the
most vulnerable Haitians.

"By boosting the efforts of NGOs already operating on the ground our response
becomes much more effective and rapid than if we did it on our own," argued
project leader Maryanne Sharp, while noting that the initiative is fully aligned
with the government's emergency response to the epidemic known as Cholera
Inter-Sector Response Strategic Plan for Haiti.

Sharp explained that a large chunk of the grant -as much as US$8 million- will
go towards funding the response capacity of the largest NGOs, which are already
taking up much of the health work in Haiti. "They have the setup in place to
work very quickly," she added.

The expert noted that these efforts will focus on helping Haiti's poorest,
providing treatment and preventive actions such as access to clean water,
purification tablets and latrines. Additional interventions include hygiene and
food handling awareness campaigns in communities and schools where kids are
already being taught about the importance of water and soap to avoid contagion.
These activities will complement significant hygiene awareness and prevention
efforts already underway, such as the creation of a "Public Health Brigade" to
carry out cholera treatment and prevention work throughout the country.

Reiterating that Haiti needs all the help it can get to fight the cholera
outbreak, authorities have also emphasized their medium to long-term need to
bolster the country's health system so it can respond adequately to emergencies.
"The support of the World Bank will be key for saving lives and re-establish the
public health service network," said Haiti's Finance Minister Ronald Baudin.

Haiti's January 12 earthquake crippled the country's public infrastructure,
killing up to 30 percent of Haiti's most senior public officials, while
destroying or putting out of commission water and sanitation systems. Many of
the 1.3 million people displaced by the earthquake live in temporary camps, with
unsafe water and sanitation, a breeding ground for cholera.

The proposed US$10 million grant will strengthen the monitoring capacity of the
Ministry of Public Health and Population and the Haitian National Directorate of
Water Supply and Sanitation. Specifically, this new funding will provide
technical assistance to help improve the state's early warning response to
outbreaks and early case detection, monitoring of incidents and management of
health units.

"It is important to recognize that the health system's capacity is not as strong
as we would like, so that we're prepared to create more institutional capacity
within the health ministry," said Sharp.

The World Bank has also provided assistance to the Directorate of Civil
Protection since the beginning of the outbreak, in late October, to coordinate
the response of the government and its partners. This assistance has supported
the setup and manning of the National Emergency Operation Center and management
of the national campaign 'Konbit kont Kolera' which raises awareness on cholera
and its prevention.

Key to the success of these efforts is the joint response to the emergency,
involving not only agencies and NGOs but, especially, the Haitians themselves,
noted Sharp. Following the earthquake, the long-held Haitian tradition of
community involvement has acquired a new meaning and people are very actively
spreading the word on cholera, according to the expert.

"We are working through city councils and municipalities, but communities are
proving to be particularly useful for our information campaign," said Sharp.

The cholera response grant of US$10 million is being prepared with the Haitian
government and various United Nations agencies. In the aftermath of the January
earthquake, World Bank is providing US$479 million in reconstruction support. Of
those, US$320 million have been already used for various government-led
projects, US$39 million were written off as part of Haiti's Bank debt
cancellation and US$49 million from the Bank's private sector arm, the
International Finance Corporation, were used to support Haiti's private
development Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News.
For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              37 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                            January 14, 2005 Friday
                                 Valley Edition

Energy assistance funds running low;
Increased need, cold snap straining resources

BYLINE: Melodie Little Staff writer

SECTION: B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 498 words


An agency that provides stop-gap funding to help low-income people avoid utility
shut-offs is running low on cash.

Spokane Valley Community Center is about 10 clients away from a zero balance in
its January emergency assistance fund because of increasing need.

Last September through December, the agency helped 407 households, 68 more than
the previous year. So far this month, 66 families have sought help with their
rising utility bills.

Funding to help the families is provided by grants and donations from
individuals and businesses. It pays for emergency expenses that include
prescriptions, rent and transportation. However, by and large, the fund thwarts
utility shut-offs.

Case workers fear that frigid temperatures predicted for this week will push
utility bills even higher, causing a flood of need in February.

"I think it's going to be worse with the cold snap because this cold snap will
be on their next bill," said Sharon Hengy, energy assistance case manager for
the center.

People at risk of losing their utilities receive one-time annual assistance of
$100 per family. Customers of Vera Water and Power and Modern Electric Water Co.
can qualify for $150 per household, because of additional grant money secured
through the Seattle Foundation and partial matching funds from Modern.

The emergency payments buy enough time for struggling ratepayers to get
appointments with Spokane Neighborhood Action Programs - an agency that
distributes federal energy assistance funds and money from Avista Utilities'
Project Share.

While the stop-gap assistance doesn't take a huge bite out of $200 and $300
monthly bills that are sending family budgets spiraling out of control, Hengy
said it keeps people who wait too long to ask for help from ending up in the
cold.

Preventing shut-offs helps families avoid utility-loss mayhem that can lead to
missed work and school absences, said Spokane Valley Community Center Director
Mollie Dalpae.

Last year the center distributed $61,000, Dalpae said. That huge expense sent
the agency's own budget reeling and a new fund-raiser was added to help
compensate. The successful A Bow Tie Affair - a dinner with a car giveaway -
netted $19,000 to defray costs.

Margaret Belote of SNAP said energy-assistance funds are stretched because
30,000 Spokane County households are poor enough to qualify for federal funds.
Although not all of those people seek help, the agency only receives enough
federal funds to help 9,000 housing units.

However, Avista's Project Share provides an average of $175 in assistance for
emergencies for people who might not meet federal guidelines. A handful of
non-profits, such as Spokane Valley Community Center, fill in other gaps, Belote
said.

"There is a bottom to all funding and it never addresses all the need."

to help

SIDEBAR:

DONATIONS ACCEPTED

To donate to Spokane Valley Community Center's Emergency Assistance Program,
call (509) 927-1153 or mail donations to 10814 E. Broadway Ave., Spokane Valley,
WA 99206.

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2005 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                              38 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 4, 2016 Thursday

Michigan; Emergency and Related Determinations

LENGTH: 707  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington, DC:  This Notice document was issued by the Federal Emergency
Management Agency (FEMA)



  Action



 Notice.

 Summary



 This is a notice of the Presidential declaration of an emergency for the State
of Michigan (FEMA-3375-EM), dated January 16, 2016, and related determinations.



 Dates



 Effective Date: January 16, 2016.

 For Further Information Contact



 Dean Webster, Office of Response and Recovery, Federal Emergency Management
Agency, 500 C Street SW., Washington, DC 20472, (202) 646-2833.

 Supplementary Information



 Notice is hereby given that, in a letter dated January 16, 2016, the President
issued an emergency declaration under the authority of the Robert T. Stafford
Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act, 42 U.S.C. 5121-5207 (the Stafford
Act), as follows:



 I have determined that the emergency conditions in certain areas of the State
of Michigan described in the Governor's request as resulting from contaminated
water beginning on April 25, 2014, and continuing, are of sufficient severity
and magnitude to warrant an emergency declaration under the Robert T. Stafford
Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act, 42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq. ("the
Stafford Act"). Therefore, I declare that such an emergency exists in the State
of Michigan.



 You are authorized to provide appropriate assistance for required emergency
measures, authorized under Title V of the Stafford Act, to save lives and to
protect property and public health and safety, and to lessen or avert the threat
of a catastrophe in the designated areas. Specifically, you are authorized to
provide assistance for emergency protective measures (Category B), limited to
direct Federal assistance, under the Public Assistance program. This emergency
assistance is to provide water, water filters, water filter cartridges, water
test kits, and other necessary related items for a period of no more than 90
days.



 Consistent with the requirement that Federal assistance is supplemental, any
Federal funds provided under the Stafford Act for Public Assistance will be
limited to 75 percent of the total eligible costs. In order to provide Federal
assistance, you are hereby authorized to allocate from funds available for these
purposes such amounts as you find necessary for Federal emergency assistance and
administrative expenses.



 Further, you are authorized to make changes to this declaration for the
approved assistance to the extent allowable under the Stafford Act.



 The Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) hereby gives notice that
pursuant to the authority vested in the Administrator, Department of Homeland
Security, under Executive Order 12148, as amended, David G. Samaniego, of FEMA
is appointed to act as the Federal Coordinating Officer for this declared
emergency.



 The following area of the State of Michigan has been designated as adversely
affected by this declared emergency:



 Genesee County for emergency protective measures (Category B), limited to
direct federal assistance, under the Public Assistance program.



 This emergency assistance is to provide water, water filters, water filter
cartridges, water test kits, and other necessary related items for a period of
no more than 90 days for Genesee County.



 The following Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance Numbers (CFDA) are to be
used for reporting and drawing funds: 97.030, Community Disaster Loans; 97.031,
Cora Brown Fund; 97.032, Crisis Counseling; 97.033, Disaster Legal Services;
97.034, Disaster Unemployment Assistance (DUA); 97.046, Fire Management
Assistance Grant; 97.048, Disaster Housing Assistance to Individuals and
Households In Presidentially Declared Disaster Areas; 97.049, Presidentially
Declared Disaster Assistance--Disaster Housing Operations for Individuals and
Households; 97.050, Presidentially Declared Disaster Assistance to Individuals
and Households--Other Needs; 97.036, Disaster Grants--Public Assistance
(Presidentially Declared Disasters); 97.039, Hazard Mitigation Grant.

 W. Craig Fugate,

 Administrator, Federal Emergency Management Agency.

 [FR Doc. 2016-02028 Filed 2-3-16; 8:45 am]

 BILLING CODE 9111-23-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              39 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 4, 2016 Thursday

Michigan; Emergency and Related Determinations

LENGTH: 707  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington, DC:  This Notice document was issued by the Federal Emergency
Management Agency (FEMA)



  Action



 Notice.

 Summary



 This is a notice of the Presidential declaration of an emergency for the State
of Michigan (FEMA-3375-EM), dated January 16, 2016, and related determinations.



 Dates



 Effective Date: January 16, 2016.

 For Further Information Contact



 Dean Webster, Office of Response and Recovery, Federal Emergency Management
Agency, 500 C Street SW., Washington, DC 20472, (202) 646-2833.

 Supplementary Information



 Notice is hereby given that, in a letter dated January 16, 2016, the President
issued an emergency declaration under the authority of the Robert T. Stafford
Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act, 42 U.S.C. 5121-5207 (the Stafford
Act), as follows:



 I have determined that the emergency conditions in certain areas of the State
of Michigan described in the Governor's request as resulting from contaminated
water beginning on April 25, 2014, and continuing, are of sufficient severity
and magnitude to warrant an emergency declaration under the Robert T. Stafford
Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act, 42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq. ("the
Stafford Act"). Therefore, I declare that such an emergency exists in the State
of Michigan.



 You are authorized to provide appropriate assistance for required emergency
measures, authorized under Title V of the Stafford Act, to save lives and to
protect property and public health and safety, and to lessen or avert the threat
of a catastrophe in the designated areas. Specifically, you are authorized to
provide assistance for emergency protective measures (Category B), limited to
direct Federal assistance, under the Public Assistance program. This emergency
assistance is to provide water, water filters, water filter cartridges, water
test kits, and other necessary related items for a period of no more than 90
days.



 Consistent with the requirement that Federal assistance is supplemental, any
Federal funds provided under the Stafford Act for Public Assistance will be
limited to 75 percent of the total eligible costs. In order to provide Federal
assistance, you are hereby authorized to allocate from funds available for these
purposes such amounts as you find necessary for Federal emergency assistance and
administrative expenses.



 Further, you are authorized to make changes to this declaration for the
approved assistance to the extent allowable under the Stafford Act.



 The Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) hereby gives notice that
pursuant to the authority vested in the Administrator, Department of Homeland
Security, under Executive Order 12148, as amended, David G. Samaniego, of FEMA
is appointed to act as the Federal Coordinating Officer for this declared
emergency.



 The following area of the State of Michigan has been designated as adversely
affected by this declared emergency:



 Genesee County for emergency protective measures (Category B), limited to
direct federal assistance, under the Public Assistance program.



 This emergency assistance is to provide water, water filters, water filter
cartridges, water test kits, and other necessary related items for a period of
no more than 90 days for Genesee County.



 The following Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance Numbers (CFDA) are to be
used for reporting and drawing funds: 97.030, Community Disaster Loans; 97.031,
Cora Brown Fund; 97.032, Crisis Counseling; 97.033, Disaster Legal Services;
97.034, Disaster Unemployment Assistance (DUA); 97.046, Fire Management
Assistance Grant; 97.048, Disaster Housing Assistance to Individuals and
Households In Presidentially Declared Disaster Areas; 97.049, Presidentially
Declared Disaster Assistance--Disaster Housing Operations for Individuals and
Households; 97.050, Presidentially Declared Disaster Assistance to Individuals
and Households--Other Needs; 97.036, Disaster Grants--Public Assistance
(Presidentially Declared Disasters); 97.039, Hazard Mitigation Grant.

 W. Craig Fugate,

 Administrator, Federal Emergency Management Agency.

 [FR Doc. 2016-02028 Filed 2-3-16; 8:45 am]

 BILLING CODE 9111-23-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              40 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Clovis News Journal (New Mexico)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 10, 2011 Thursday

Financial help available for weather damage

BYLINE: Clovis News Journal, N.M.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 294 words


Feb. 10--Individuals, communities and utilities may be able to receive financial
help with repairing damages from the recent winter storms, according to a news
release from U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural Development.

According to the release:

--Telecommunication and electric cooperatives have access to normal lines of
credit through the USDA Rural Utilities Service for repairs. Cooperatives with
outstanding debt to the service may request assistance to bring their system
back on line as quickly as possible. Other eligible utilities may seek expedited
funding requests from Rural Development.

--Water systems in communities of 10,000 or less can apply for USDA's Emergency
Community Water Assistance Grants if they have current environmental and
engineering documents.

--Communities with populations less than 20,000 can apply for loans and grants
for infrastructure repair through the USDA Rural Development Community
Facilities program. This includes community buildings, medical facilities,
emergency equipment and roads.

--Low-income homeowners in communities of 10,000 or less may apply for
low-interest home repair loans and grants to fix their home, weatherize,
purchase heating systems and repair utilities connections. The maximum allowed
through the grant program is $7,500, and the maximum loan available is $20,000
at 1 percent interest.

Information: Roswell Rural Development sub-office: 575-622-8745

To see more of The Clovis News Journal or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.clovis-news-nm.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, Clovis News Journal, N.M.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110210-CJ-Financial-help-available-for-weather-damage-0210-20110210

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CJ


                       Copyright 2011 Clovis News Journal


                              41 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 4, 2016 Thursday

Federal Register: Michigan; Emergency and Related Determinations

LENGTH: 751  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



  DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY Federal Emergency Management Agency [Internal
Agency Docket No. FEMA-3375-EM; Docket ID FEMA-2016-0001] Michigan; Emergency
and Related Determinations AGENCY: Federal Emergency Management Agency, DHS.
ACTION: Notice.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
This is a notice of the Presidential declaration of an emergency for the State
of Michigan (FEMA-3375-EM), dated January 16, 2016, and related determinations.

DATES: Effective Date: January 16, 2016. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Dean
Webster, Office of Response and Recovery, Federal Emergency Management Agency,
500 C Street SW., Washington, DC 20472, (202) 646-2833. SUPPLEMENTARY
INFORMATION: Notice is hereby given that, in a letter dated January 16, 2016,
the President issued an emergency declaration under the authority of the Robert
T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act, 42 U.S.C. 5121-5207
(the Stafford Act), as follows: I have determined that the emergency conditions
in certain areas of the State of Michigan described in the Governor's request as
resulting from contaminated water beginning on April 25, 2014, and continuing,
are of sufficient severity and magnitude to warrant an emergency declaration
under the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act, 42
U.S.C. 5121 et seq. (``the Stafford Act''). Therefore, I declare that such an
emergency exists in the State of Michigan. You are authorized to provide
appropriate assistance for required emergency measures, authorized under Title V
of the Stafford Act, to save lives and to protect property and public health and
safety, and to lessen or avert the threat of a catastrophe in the designated
areas. Specifically, you are authorized to provide assistance for emergency
protective measures (Category B), limited to direct Federal assistance, under
the Public Assistance program. This emergency assistance is to provide water,
water filters, water filter cartridges, water test kits, and other necessary
related items for a period of no more than 90 days. Consistent with the
requirement that Federal assistance is supplemental, any Federal funds provided
under the Stafford Act for Public Assistance will be limited to 75 percent of
the total eligible costs. In order to provide Federal assistance, you are hereby
authorized to allocate from funds available for these purposes such amounts as
you find necessary for Federal emergency assistance and administrative expenses.
Further, you are authorized to make changes to this declaration for the approved
assistance to the extent allowable under the Stafford Act. The Federal Emergency
Management Agency (FEMA) hereby gives notice that pursuant to the authority
vested in the Administrator, Department of Homeland Security, under Executive
Order 12148, as amended, David G. Samaniego, of FEMA is appointed to act as the
Federal Coordinating Officer for this declared emergency. The following area of
the State of Michigan has been designated as adversely affected by this declared
emergency: Genesee County for emergency protective measures (Category B),
limited to direct federal assistance, under the Public Assistance program. This
emergency assistance is to provide water, water filters, water filter
cartridges, water test kits, and other necessary related items for a period of
no more than 90 days for Genesee County. The following Catalog of Federal
Domestic Assistance Numbers (CFDA) are to be used for reporting and drawing
funds: 97.030, Community Disaster Loans; 97.031, Cora Brown Fund; 97.032, Crisis
Counseling; 97.033, Disaster Legal Services; 97.034, Disaster Unemployment
Assistance (DUA); 97.046, Fire Management Assistance Grant; 97.048, Disaster
Housing Assistance to Individuals and Households In Presidentially Declared
Disaster Areas; 97.049, Presidentially Declared Disaster Assistance--Disaster
Housing Operations for Individuals and Households; 97.050, Presidentially
Declared Disaster Assistance to Individuals and Households--Other Needs; 97.036,
Disaster Grants--Public Assistance (Presidentially Declared Disasters); 97.039,
Hazard Mitigation Grant. W. Craig Fugate, Administrator, Federal Emergency
Management Agency. [FR Doc. 2016-02028 Filed 2-3-16; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE
9111-23-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com





LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              42 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 4, 2016 Thursday

Federal Register: Michigan; Emergency and Related Determinations

LENGTH: 751  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



  DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY Federal Emergency Management Agency [Internal
Agency Docket No. FEMA-3375-EM; Docket ID FEMA-2016-0001] Michigan; Emergency
and Related Determinations AGENCY: Federal Emergency Management Agency, DHS.
ACTION: Notice.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
This is a notice of the Presidential declaration of an emergency for the State
of Michigan (FEMA-3375-EM), dated January 16, 2016, and related determinations.

DATES: Effective Date: January 16, 2016. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Dean
Webster, Office of Response and Recovery, Federal Emergency Management Agency,
500 C Street SW., Washington, DC 20472, (202) 646-2833. SUPPLEMENTARY
INFORMATION: Notice is hereby given that, in a letter dated January 16, 2016,
the President issued an emergency declaration under the authority of the Robert
T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act, 42 U.S.C. 5121-5207
(the Stafford Act), as follows: I have determined that the emergency conditions
in certain areas of the State of Michigan described in the Governor's request as
resulting from contaminated water beginning on April 25, 2014, and continuing,
are of sufficient severity and magnitude to warrant an emergency declaration
under the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act, 42
U.S.C. 5121 et seq. (``the Stafford Act''). Therefore, I declare that such an
emergency exists in the State of Michigan. You are authorized to provide
appropriate assistance for required emergency measures, authorized under Title V
of the Stafford Act, to save lives and to protect property and public health and
safety, and to lessen or avert the threat of a catastrophe in the designated
areas. Specifically, you are authorized to provide assistance for emergency
protective measures (Category B), limited to direct Federal assistance, under
the Public Assistance program. This emergency assistance is to provide water,
water filters, water filter cartridges, water test kits, and other necessary
related items for a period of no more than 90 days. Consistent with the
requirement that Federal assistance is supplemental, any Federal funds provided
under the Stafford Act for Public Assistance will be limited to 75 percent of
the total eligible costs. In order to provide Federal assistance, you are hereby
authorized to allocate from funds available for these purposes such amounts as
you find necessary for Federal emergency assistance and administrative expenses.
Further, you are authorized to make changes to this declaration for the approved
assistance to the extent allowable under the Stafford Act. The Federal Emergency
Management Agency (FEMA) hereby gives notice that pursuant to the authority
vested in the Administrator, Department of Homeland Security, under Executive
Order 12148, as amended, David G. Samaniego, of FEMA is appointed to act as the
Federal Coordinating Officer for this declared emergency. The following area of
the State of Michigan has been designated as adversely affected by this declared
emergency: Genesee County for emergency protective measures (Category B),
limited to direct federal assistance, under the Public Assistance program. This
emergency assistance is to provide water, water filters, water filter
cartridges, water test kits, and other necessary related items for a period of
no more than 90 days for Genesee County. The following Catalog of Federal
Domestic Assistance Numbers (CFDA) are to be used for reporting and drawing
funds: 97.030, Community Disaster Loans; 97.031, Cora Brown Fund; 97.032, Crisis
Counseling; 97.033, Disaster Legal Services; 97.034, Disaster Unemployment
Assistance (DUA); 97.046, Fire Management Assistance Grant; 97.048, Disaster
Housing Assistance to Individuals and Households In Presidentially Declared
Disaster Areas; 97.049, Presidentially Declared Disaster Assistance--Disaster
Housing Operations for Individuals and Households; 97.050, Presidentially
Declared Disaster Assistance to Individuals and Households--Other Needs; 97.036,
Disaster Grants--Public Assistance (Presidentially Declared Disasters); 97.039,
Hazard Mitigation Grant. W. Craig Fugate, Administrator, Federal Emergency
Management Agency. [FR Doc. 2016-02028 Filed 2-3-16; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE
9111-23-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com





LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              43 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 18, 2017 Saturday

Washington: Oregon Public Assistance Operations Update: Severe Winter Storm and
Flooding

LENGTH: 697  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Federal Emergency Management Agency has issued the following news
release:



 Federal disaster assistance is available through FEMA's Public Assistance (PA)
Grant Program to help Oregon recover from the Dec. 14-17, 2016, severe winter
storm and flooding.





 Under the PA program, FEMA and the state of Oregon are providing supplemental
financial assistance to state agencies, local governments and certain private
nonprofit organizations for their eligible response and recovery expenses.



 Although funds go to government entities and nonprofits, the PA program is
intended to benefit the entire community. The funds help reimburse applicants
for protecting residents ahead of and during the storm, clearing vital roadways
of downed trees and power lines, getting power restored to thousands of
residents and repairing public infrastructure.



 The disaster declaration also makes grants available to Oregon under FEMA's
Hazard Mitigation Grant Program (HMGP) to promote community resilience and
reduce vulnerability to future disasters.



 KEY DATES AND FACTS



     Following Gov. Brown's Jan. 13, 2017, request, President Trump issued a
major disaster declaration on Jan. 25, 2017, for the December storm. Under the
declaration, federal financial assistance may be available to eligible
applicants in Josephine and Lane counties.

     The Oregon Office of Emergency Management (OEM), with FEMA support, held
well-attended Applicant Briefings in Eugene and Grants Pass on Feb. 14, 2017, to
provide general overviews of the PA and HMGP programs and to answer questions.

     Applicants must file a Request for Public Assistance (RPA) form with OEM
within 30 days of the disaster declaration. Those affected by the storm have
until Feb. 23, 2017, to file an RPA.

     Upon submission of an RPA, a FEMA Public Assistance coordinator (PAC)
arranges to meet individually with the applicant to focus on eligibility and
requirements for documenting expenses.

         These initial "kickoff meetings" are an important step in getting
reimbursement grants to the applicants.

         The PAC also discusses rebuilding structures to resist future damage,
with the goal of ending the cycle of damage, repair and repeat damage.



 COST SHARING



     FEMA Public Assistance dollars come to Oregon communities through a
cost-sharing partnership. FEMA reimburses applicants at least 75 percent of
their eligible costs, while the remaining 25 percent is the nonfederal share.

     FEMA obligates federal PA funds directly to the state, which disburses the
money to the local jurisdictions and organizations that incurred costs.



 ELIGIBILITY AND DEADLINES



 Two types of work are eligible for reimbursement under the PA program:



     Emergency Work

         Removal and disposal of eligible disaster-related debris

         Emergency measures taken to protect lives and property ahead of and in
the immediate aftermath of the storm and flooding

     Permanent Repairs to:



     Roads and bridges

     Water control facilities

     Public buildings and equipment

     Public utilities

     Parks, recreational and other facilities



 To be eligible for FEMA reimbursement funding, applicants must complete their
projects within the established timeframe (unless extenuating circumstances
exist).



     Emergency work must be completed within 6 months of the disaster
declaration.

     Permanent repair work must be completed within 18 months of the
declaration.



 Entities that may be eligible for Public Assistance as a result of this
declaration include:



     State governments and state agencies

     Local governments (towns, cities, counties) and special districts

     Certain private nonprofit organizations providing services, such as:



     Critical services, including hospitals and other medical treatment; fire,
police and other emergency services; power, water and sewer utilities;
educational institutions; and custodial care facilities



     Noncritical services, including libraries, museums and zoos, community
centers, homeless shelters and rehabilitation facilities, and daycare centers



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              44 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                 The State Journal- Register (Springfield, IL)

                             March 19, 2017 Sunday

SECTION: IL OPINION; Pg. P23

LENGTH: 1100 words


Robust foreign assistance needs to be priority in budget

In light of President Donald Trump's proposed budget plans to cut 37 percent of
funding for U.S. foreign assistance, it's no surprise that those of us who work
with CARE, a leading global poverty-fighting organization, are concerned not
only by the harm this budget would do, but also by the gross misperception of
how much the country actually spends abroad and what these programs mean for
America.

Most Americans think we spend 10, 20 or even 30 percent of the total U.S. budget
on foreign assistance. They're wrong. It's only 1 percent, which covers some of
America's most effective national security programs like supporting and
protecting our embassies, responding to emergencies and assisting in development
that helps poor countries become self-sufficient. That's a lot of life-saving,
goodwill-creating, stability-generating power for such a small portion of our
budget.

American-sponsored efforts are making progress in the poorest communities, which
are also among the most politically unstable places. Our modest investments in
education, health care, sanitation and financial services enable people in
impoverished countries to become independent, survive after emergencies and
rebuild their communities. These programs also bring security, prosperity and
opportunities to parts of the world where they're needed most. Foreign
assistance is among the best investments our government can make.

We need to tell Congress that to demonstrate American greatness, a robust
foreign assistance budget must be a top priority. I urge U.S. Rep. Darin LaHood
and U.S. Sens. Tammy Duckworth and Dick Durbin to support and defend the foreign
assistance budget.

Katie Brunk

Jacksonville

Rural areas deserve clean water

Rural America is being "trumped" by Donald Trump's proposed federal budget that
slashes over 25 percent from the U.S. Department of Agriculture and eliminates
the Water and Waste Disposal loan and grant program that provides funding for
clean drinking water, sanitary sewage disposal, and storm-water drainage
programs in rural areas.

I have worked with two rural areas of Sangamon and Christian counties (Round
Prairie Water Cooperative and Sharpsburg and Neighboring Area Water System) to
get clean water utility service to homes and businesses so families no longer
have to rely on contaminated well water and/or hauling water. These areas relied
on USDA's Water Loan and Grant Program that is on the chopping block. This
low-interest loan and grant program is the only way to get affordable and safe
water to our rural neighbors.

Private lenders likely won't touch it, and if they are willing to consider it,
the interest rate offered makes the cost of water to the average household
unaffordable. Without the government providing this alternative, which requires
years of work by a local volunteer group that signs up customers, gets easements
donated, and works with professionals to design, bid, and construct the utility
system, there would be no way of getting rural utility services built.

Clean water should not be denied to our rural neighbors just because they live
in the country.

Many say that the Trump budget is dead on arrival to the Capitol. I pray that it
is, but it only will be if our local U.S. Congressmen stand up for our rural
communities instead of taking them for granted.

Tony DelGiorno

Sangamon County Board Member

Regular order lacking in Illinois budget impasse

Appropriate regular order in Illinois' state government budget preparation,
approval and implementation process is constitutionally mandated; required by
law; a sound management principle; and prerequisite to sustaining responsible,
responsive, economical, efficient and effective government, inclusive public
informed consent, and taxpayer intraperiod and interperiod equity.

In the absence of such order, inadequate public scrutiny and understanding of
the objectives, details, nuances, and implications of planned and actual
financing and spending activities can result in unfortunate judgments and
imprudent decisions even by leaders having the best of intentions.

Two of the most harmful consequences of our present variance from appropriate
budget process regular order are:

1. Failures of some particularly influential stakeholders to appreciate the
public interest mission critical importance of firmly insisting upon actuarially
determined level percentage of payroll annual employer contributions to public
employee defined benefit pension plans; and

2. Unfortunate tendencies to misinterpret actuarial measures of unfunded pension
obligations and/or report them in per capita terms creating potentials for
misleading inferences and undue alarm about the sustainability of such plans and
with respect to government's financial viability and service delivery capacity
sufficiency.

Gov. Bruce Rauner has to commit to regular order, and the rest of us have to
reciprocate by committing to a more appropriately public interest inclusive and
responsive regular order than we were maintaining before the present gridlock.

Dick Haas

Pontiac

Oppose the American Health Care Act

With the GOP's American Health Care Act pushed through House committees there
are worse days ahead for my future as an older American.

For those of us, like me at age 59, hoping to retire with dignity, this
legislation is concerning. Medicare and Medicaid have been critical programs for
more than a generation. This new plan threatens these lifelines for older
Americans as it allows insurance companies to charge people over 60 up to five
times more than they charge others for the same coverage.

The GOP plan also reduces tax credits that help pay for coverage and no longer
accounts for income, so older Americans with lower incomes would be doubly
burdened. I am considered self-employed and buy on the marketplace; the new plan
means I will pay more out-of-pocket costs and face exorbitant premiums.

I lacked health care coverage for 20 years for a pre-existing condition, and
paid out-of-pocket for any care related to it. I didn't have major costs; others
are not so lucky. Once the ACA allowed me to buy on the marketplace, I was able
to see a doctor.

The new proposal will be devastating for those my age who can't afford to buy
insurance on the marketplace and are not old enough for Medicare. It will result
in drastic cuts in Medicaid funding, shifting costs to the states and putting
our care at risk.

U.S. Rep. Davis, please listen to the AARP, the AMA and people like me who
oppose the American Health Care Act.

Don Hanrahan

Pleasant Plains

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Article

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2017 The State Journal- Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              45 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Hazard Herald (Kentucky)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             May 6, 2015 Wednesday

President grants disaster declaration

BYLINE: The Hazard Herald, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 547 words


May 06--FRANKFORT -- Governor Steve Beshear was notified late Thursday that
President Barack Obama has authorized assistance for certain Kentucky counties
that suffered significant damage as a result of the February severe winter storm
event.

"Kentucky communities were hit hard by the devastation caused by this and other
subsequent storms," said Gov. Beshear. "I am grateful that our request was
granted quickly, and our communities appreciate the assistance that will be
provided to the most severely impacted areas."

The President's action makes federal funding available to affected governments
and certain non-profit organizations under FEMA's Public Assistance Program.

Disaster requests are pending approval for a subsequent heavy snowstorm in March
and a flooding event in April. FEMA has changed its policies regarding disaster
declarations, requiring states to gather much more information about damages
before filing a formal declaration request, which can take weeks or even months.
FEMA's review of those requests can be lengthy. Fortunately, FEMA approved this
request within two weeks of receiving it.

Gov. Beshear declared a statewide emergency on Feb. 16 as a snowstorm dumped
record amounts of snow (up to a foot or more) in some counties, followed by
historic bitter arctic temperatures and localized flooding. The extreme
temperatures caused significant damage to water plants in some eastern Kentucky
counties. Thousands of customers were without water service for several weeks,
prompting Kentucky Emergency Management (KYEM) to coordinate delivery of almost
450,000 gallons of water to the impacted counties.

"Bringing federal assistance to Kentucky has been a team effort among our local,
state and federal partners. I am grateful that we can now begin the important
process of moving assistance into the declared areas," said Michael Dossett,
director of Kentucky Emergency Management.

The following counties met their federal thresholds for measurable damage, and
will be eligible for assistance for emergency work and the repair or replacement
of disaster-damaged public facilities: Boyd, Boyle, Caldwell,

Clark, Estill, Floyd, Harlan, Jackson, Jessamine, Knott, Knox, Lawrence, Lee,
Letcher, Lyon, Marshall, Menifee, Metcalfe, Morgan, Pendleton, Perry, Pike,
Powell, Simpson, Taylor, Washington and Wolfe.

The following counties also qualified for emergency snow assistance: Boyd,
Boyle, Caldwell, Estill, Floyd, Jackson, Jessamine, Knott, Lawrence, Lee, Lyon,
Menifee, Morgan, Pike, Powell, Simpson, Taylor, Washington and Wolfe,

During the disaster, Gov. Beshear implemented executive orders to protect
consumers from price gouging and to allow residents in affected areas to get
emergency refills of prescripions, excluding controlled substances. He also
directed the temporary suspension of restrictions on certain motor carriers and
utility vehicles delivering disaster relief supplies.

Additional information on KYEM and FEMA's Public Assistance program can be found
at http://kyem.ky.gov/recovery/Pages/Public-Assistance-Program-Overview.aspx
where you can also 'like' and 'follow' KYEM on Facebook and Twitter.

___ (c)2015 The Hazard Herald (Hazard, Ky.) Visit The Hazard Herald (Hazard,
Ky.) at www.hazard-herald.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150506-ZD-President-grants-disaster-declaration-0506-20150506

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZD


                        Copyright 2015 The Hazard Herald


                              46 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    The Floyd County Times, Prestonburg, Ky.

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              May 5, 2015 Tuesday

President grants disaster declaration

BYLINE: The Floyd County Times, Prestonburg, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 552 words


May 05--FRANKFORT -- Governor Steve Beshear was notified late Thursday that
President Barack Obama has authorized assistance for certain Kentucky counties
that suffered significant damage as a result of the February severe winter storm
event.

"Kentucky communities were hit hard by the devastation caused by this and other
subsequent storms," said Gov. Beshear. "I am grateful that our request was
granted quickly, and our communities appreciate the assistance that will be
provided to the most severely impacted areas."

The President's action makes federal funding available to affected governments
and certain non-profit organizations under FEMA's Public Assistance Program.

Disaster requests are pending approval for a subsequent heavy snowstorm in March
and a flooding event in April. FEMA has changed its policies regarding disaster
declarations, requiring states to gather much more information about damages
before filing a formal declaration request, which can take weeks or even months.
FEMA's review of those requests can be lengthy. Fortunately, FEMA approved this
request within two weeks of receiving it.

Gov. Beshear declared a statewide emergency on Feb. 16 as a snowstorm dumped
record amounts of snow (up to a foot or more) in some counties, followed by
historic bitter arctic temperatures and localized flooding. The extreme
temperatures caused significant damage to water plants in some eastern Kentucky
counties. Thousands of customers were without water service for several weeks,
prompting Kentucky Emergency Management (KYEM) to coordinate delivery of almost
450,000 gallons of water to the impacted counties.

"Bringing federal assistance to Kentucky has been a team effort among our local,
state and federal partners. I am grateful that we can now begin the important
process of moving assistance into the declared areas," said Michael Dossett,
director of Kentucky Emergency Management.

The following counties met their federal thresholds for measurable damage, and
will be eligible for assistance for emergency work and the repair or replacement
of disaster-damaged public facilities: Boyd, Boyle, Caldwell,

Clark, Estill, Floyd, Harlan, Jackson, Jessamine, Knott, Knox, Lawrence, Lee,
Letcher, Lyon, Marshall, Menifee, Metcalfe, Morgan, Pendleton, Perry, Pike,
Powell, Simpson, Taylor, Washington and Wolfe.

The following counties also qualified for emergency snow assistance: Boyd,
Boyle, Caldwell, Estill, Floyd, Jackson, Jessamine, Knott, Lawrence, Lee, Lyon,
Menifee, Morgan, Pike, Powell, Simpson, Taylor, Washington and Wolfe,

During the disaster, Gov. Beshear implemented executive orders to protect
consumers from price gouging and to allow residents in affected areas to get
emergency refills of prescripions, excluding controlled substances. He also
directed the temporary suspension of restrictions on certain motor carriers and
utility vehicles delivering disaster relief supplies.

Additional information on KYEM and FEMA's Public Assistance program can be found
at http://kyem.ky.gov/recovery/Pages/Public-Assistance-Program-Overview.aspx
where you can also 'like' and 'follow' KYEM on Facebook and Twitter.

___ (c)2015 The Floyd County Times (Prestonsburg, Ky.) Visit The Floyd County
Times (Prestonsburg, Ky.) at www.floydcountytimes.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150505-QO-President-grants-disaster-declaration-0505-20150505

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QO


            Copyright 2015 The Floyd County Times, Prestonburg, Ky.


                              47 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          February 12, 2014 Wednesday

Washington: STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS

LENGTH: 7996  words

DATELINE: Washington


United States Congress has issued the following proceedings and debate details:

By Mr. WHITEHOUSE (for himself and Mr. Hatch):
 S. 2012. A bill to amend the Controlled Substances Act to more
effectively regulate anabolic steroids; to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
 Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, today I am pleased to join Senator
Hatch once again in introducing the bipartisan Designer Anabolic
Steroid Control Act. Like the legislation we introduced in 2012, this
measure will help keep American children and families safe from
dangerous designer drugs that masquerade as healthy dietary
supplements.
 Doctors and scientists have long recognized the health hazards of
non-medical use of anabolic steroids. For that reason, Congress has
previously acted to ensure that these drugs are listed as controlled
substances. Nonetheless, according to investigative reporting and
Congressional testimony, a loophole in current law allows for designer
anabolic steroids to easily be found on the Internet, in gyms, and even
in retail stores.
 Designer steroids are produced by reverse engineering existing
illegal steroids and then slightly modifying the chemical composition,
so that the resulting product is not on the Drug Enforcement
Administration's, DEA, list of controlled substances. When taken by
consumers, designer steroids can cause serious medical consequences,
including liver injury and

[[Page S892]]

increased risk of heart attack and stroke. They may also lead to
psychological effects such as aggression, hostility, and addiction.
 These designer products can be even more dangerous than traditional
steroids because they are often untested, produced from overseas raw
materials, and manufactured without quality controls. As one witness
testified at a Crime Subcommittee hearing on the issue, ``all it takes
to cash in on the storefront steroid craze is a credit card to import
raw products from China or India where most of the raw ingredients come
from, the ability to pour powders into a bottle or pill and a printer
to create shiny, glossy labels.''
 The unscrupulous actors responsible for manufacturing and selling
these products often market them with misleading and inaccurate labels.
That can cause consumers who are looking for a healthy supplement--not
just elite athletes, but also high school students, law enforcement
personnel, and mainstream Americans--to be deceived into taking these
dangerous products. While the world's top athletes competing in the
Winter Olympics are subjected to strict guidelines and rigorous testing
to prevent the use of steroids, as they should be, many Americans may
be unknowingly dosing themselves with these harmful substances.
 Loopholes in existing law allow these dangerous designer steroids to
evade regulation. Under current law, in order to classify new
substances as steroids, the DEA must complete a burdensome and time-
consuming series of chemical and pharmacological testing. As a DEA
official testified before Congress: ``in the time that it takes DEA to
administratively schedule an anabolic steroid used in a dietary
supplement product, several new products can enter the market to take
the place of those products.''
 The Designer Anabolic Steroid Control Act of 2014 would quickly
protect consumers from these dangerous products. First, it would
immediately place 27 known designer anabolic steroids on the list of
controlled substances. Second, it would grant the DEA authority to
temporarily schedule new designer steroids on the controlled substances
list, so that if bad actors develop new variations, these products can
be removed from the market. Third, it would create new penalties for
importing, manufacturing, or distributing anabolic steroids under false
labels.
 Senator Hatch and I worked closely with a range of consumer and
industry organizations to ensure that this legislation would not
interfere with consumers' access to legitimate dietary supplements. I
thank these organizations for their support, and look forward to
working with them, with Senator Hatch, and with colleagues from both
sides of the aisle to enact this common sense measure into law.
 ______

 By Mr. DURBIN:
 S. 2014. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for
clarification regarding the children to whom entitlement to educational
assistance may be transferred under Post-9/11 Educational Assistance,
and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans' Affairs.
 Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the text of
the bill be printed in the Record.
 There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be
printed in the Record, as follows:

S. 2014

Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of
 the United States of America in Congress assembled,

SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE.

This Act may be cited as the ``GI Education Benefit
 Fairness Act of 2014''.

SEC. 2. CLARIFICATION REGARDING THE CHILDREN TO WHOM
 ENTITLEMENT TO EDUCATIONAL ASSISTANCE MAY BE
 TRANSFERRED UNDER POST-9/11 EDUCATIONAL
 ASSISTANCE.

(a) In General.--Subsection (c) of section 3319 of title
 38, United States Code, is amended to read as follows:
 ``(c) Eligible Dependents.--
 ``(1) Transfer.--An individual approved to transfer an
 entitlement to educational assistance under this section may
 transfer the individual's entitlement as follows:
 ``(A) To the individual's spouse.
 ``(B) To one or more of the individual's children.
 ``(C) To a combination of the individuals referred to in
 subparagraphs (A) and (B).
 ``(2) Definition of children.--For purposes of this
 subsection, the term `children' includes dependents described
 in section 1072(2)(I) of title 10.''.
 (b) Applicability.--The amendment made by subsection (a)
 shall apply with respect to educational assistance payable
 under chapter 33 of title 38, United States Code, before, on,
 or after the date of the enactment of this Act.
 ______

 By Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself, Mrs. Boxer, Mr. Wyden, and Mr.
 Merkley):
 S. 2016. A bill to direct the Secretary of the Interior, the
Secretary of Commerce, and the Administrator of the Environmental
Protection Agency to take actions to provide additional water supplies
and disaster assistance to the State of California due to drought, and
for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources.
 Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I rise on behalf of myself and
Senators Boxer, Wyden and Merkley to introduce legislation to respond
to California's devastating drought conditions.
 This weekend's storm in Northern California was more than a year in
coming, and there are some encouraging signs that came from it:
Rainfall in the Sacramento Valley averaged 2 to 3 inches. North of San
Francisco Bay, precipitation averaged 4 to 7 inches. Between Friday and
Monday, about 7 inches of precipitation fell in the Northern Sierra.
The Southern Sierra saw more than 3 inches. Over the same period, the
water contained in Northern Sierra snow increased by 3 inches; Central
Sierra by 4 inches; and Southern Sierra by an inch.
 But one storm in the North will not end this historic drought. In the
San Joaquin Valley, precipitation over the weekend was less than an
inch, while San Diego and Los Angeles saw only about a quarter-inch of
rain. Also, the snowpack in the Sierra remains very troubling.
Statewide, the snowpack is at 29 percent of normal for this date. The
Northern California mountains are at 18 percent, and the Central Sierra
is 36 percent.
 State officials have confirmed that this weekend's rain and snow will
have very little effect on the amount of water available for
California. Even after this storm, California faces some of the driest
conditions in modern times, leading to last month's declaration by
Governor Brown of a drought emergency.
 As of the beginning of February, at least 10 communities are in
danger of running out of drinking water within 2 months. Without
relief, more communities may face similar difficulties.
 California's State Water Project helps supply water to 25 million
Californians and 750,000 acres of farmland. For the first time in its
54-year history, it will not be providing any water to its water
agencies.
 The Central Valley Project irrigates about 3 million acres of
farmland, supplies water to millions of Californians and supports
crucial environmental habitats. This year, it will likely not be able
to provide water to many farmers in the Central Valley.
 As of February 9, Lake Shasta, California's largest reservoir, and
Lake Oroville, the State Water Project's principal reservoir, are both
at only 37 percent of capacity. San Luis Reservoir, crucial to farmers
south of the Delta, is at only 30 percent of capacity.
 Without water, farmers north and south of the Delta have lost crops,
trees, workers, and income. Businesses, factories, schools, hospitals,
fire departments, and other social services facilities will have
trouble carrying out their work.
 Let me put this in perspective: According to the State, to reach
average annual rain and snowfall levels, this past weekend's rainfall
must be repeated very frequently from now until May. And even then,
California would still remain in drought conditions.
 We need a forceful and immediate response to help those who are
suffering. That is why I am introducing the California Emergency
Drought Relief Act of 2014 along with Senators Boxer, Wyden and
Merkley. Representative Jim Costa will introduce this bill in the
House.
 This bill focuses on measures that can provide water supplies to
California this year. It would cut red tape and free up federal
agencies to operate with maximum flexibility and speed so they can move
water to those who need it. When we have more water to move from storms
like we saw this weekend, this bill will make an even greater
difference.
 Let me sum up how this bill would help. First, the bill would
increase

[[Page S893]]

water supplies. By being smarter about how we manage water projects, we
can free up more water. For example: This bill directs Federal agencies
to open water gates on the Sacramento River for as long as possible
when few salmon are migrating. This should allow thousands of acre feet
of water to be pumped without harming the species.
 It also directs agencies to find ways to control turbid waters so
endangered Delta smelt that are attracted to these waters do not swim
near the water pumps. Less risk to fish means more water can be pumped.
And the bill mandates agencies to use the maximum authority allowed
under the Endangered Species Act to provide as much water as possible
from Delta pumping while staying within the law.
 The bill would also reduce bureaucracy. During this emergency
situation, the federal government must work as quickly and as
efficiently as possible. Relying on emergency authorities that already
exist, the bill directs Federal agencies to complete environmental
reviews under shortened timeframes so water supply measures such as
water transfers and fallowing of land can be carried out with minimal
delay.
 The bill would also provide emergency funding and disaster
assistance. It authorizes additional expenditures to fund measures that
can make a difference now, especially for the communities that are at
risk of running out of drinking water soon.
 They include $100 million to carry out projects to maximize water
supplies. There is also $200 million for disaster relief to help
farmers and rural communities. That includes $100 million for emergency
conservation measures so farmers can carry out projects to protect
lands, crops and watersheds; $25 million in grants for rural
communities to take action to upgrade, repair or secure water systems;
$25 million in pre-disaster hazard mitigation grants so communities and
the State can complete projects to lessen the effects of the drought;
$25 million in grant funding for public and nonprofit organizations to
provide emergency assistance to low-income migrant and seasonal
farmworkers affected by the drought; and $25 million in grants to
private forest landowners for conservation measures related to drought
and wildfire. The bill would also direct Federal agencies to prioritize
grant funding for water projects that can yield water supplies and
alleviate the drought's effects now.
 The bill also amends the Stafford Act. The 1988 Stafford Act was
meant to provide a comprehensive framework for how the country responds
to major disasters, including droughts. However, because the Act has
been interpreted very narrowly since its passage, eight drought-
stricken States have applied for a major disaster declaration, and all
eight have been denied: California in 2009; Georgia in 2008; Virginia
in 2003; Maine in 2002; Texas and Oklahoma in 1998; and Minnesota and
North Dakota in 1988.
 To correct this, the bill amends the Stafford Act. These changes will
provide States with greater flexibility to access Federal disaster
assistance programs. These programs help individuals affected by
drought conditions with disaster unemployment assistance and crisis
counseling.
 Let me be clear: this bill does not create new Federal assistance
programs. It is an effort to clarify the intent of Congress regarding
the Stafford Act, and to make the Stafford Act work better for
droughts. When major disasters like a severe drought occur, communities
should be eligible for Federal assistance.
 During these emergency times, I also strongly believe some
requirements should be relaxed to relieve the pressures faced by water
users. To that effect, my bill proposes giving North-of-Delta water
contractors more time to take delivery of water they were allocated in
2013, so they have more flexibility with their 2014 supplies. It also
delays some water contract payments that Central Valley Project
contractors must pay the Federal Government to lessen financial stress
as they confront and recover from the drought.
 I want to be clear: the success of some of these measures will depend
on how much rain we get and how much water is available to be moved.
This bill is not a replacement for rain, but it will give us tools to
make water available when we have storms like the one over the weekend.
My goal is to make sure we are maximizing every drop of water in the
system and we are doing everything as quickly as possible to offer some
measure of relief.
 Finally, there are important lessons to learn. Southern California is
better prepared than the rest of the State to cope with this drought
thanks to decades of work to build storage and improve water
conservation. Metropolitan Water District, I understand, has enough
water supplies for 19 million customers through voluntary water use
reductions.
 Were it not for the more than 2 million acre-feet of water reserves,
including 600,000 acre feet in Diamond Valley Lake, Southern California
water users would be facing up to 50 percent mandatory water use
restrictions.
 The message is clear: For the long term, we must build additional
storage if we are to be prepared for the next drought which is sure to
come.
 I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle, and our counterparts
in the House, to support this bill.
 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the text of the bill be
printed in the Record.
 There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be
printed in the Record, as follows:

S. 2016

Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of
 the United States of America in Congress assembled,

SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE.

This Act may be cited as the ``California Emergency Drought
 Relief Act of 2014''.

SEC. 2. TABLE OF CONTENTS.

The table of contents of this Act are as follows:

Sec. 1. Short title.
Sec. 2. Table of contents.

TITLE I--CALIFORNIA EMERGENCY DROUGHT RELIEF

Sec. 101. Findings.
Sec. 102. Definitions.
Sec. 103. Emergency projects.
Sec. 104. Emergency funding.
Sec. 105. Emergency environmental reviews.
Sec. 106. State revolving funds.
Sec. 107. Drought planning assistance.
Sec. 108. Calfed Bay-Delta Act reauthorization.
Sec. 109. Reclamation States Emergency Drought Relief Act
 reauthorization.
Sec. 110. Secure Water Act reauthorization.
Sec. 111. Effect on State laws.
Sec. 112. Klamath Basin water supply.
Sec. 113. Termination of authorities.

TITLE II--EMERGENCY SUPPLEMENTAL AGRICULTURE DISASTER APPROPRIATIONS

Sec. 201. Emergency supplemental agriculture disaster appropriations.

TITLE III--FEDERAL DISASTER ASSISTANCE

Sec. 301. Treatment of drought under the Robert T. Stafford Disaster
 Relief and Emergency Assistance Act.

TITLE IV--EMERGENCY DESIGNATIONS

Sec. 401. Emergency designations.

TITLE I--CALIFORNIA EMERGENCY DROUGHT RELIEF

SEC. 101. FINDINGS.

Congress finds that--
 (1) as established in the Proclamation of a State of
 Emergency issued by the Governor of the State on January 17,
 2014, the State is experiencing record dry conditions;
 (2) extremely dry conditions have persisted in the State
 since 2012, and the current drought conditions are likely to
 persist into the future;
 (3) the water supplies of the State are at record-low
 levels, as indicated by a statewide average snowpack of 12
 percent of the normal average for winter as of February 1,
 2014, and the fact that all major Central Valley Project
 reservoir levels are below 50 percent of the capacity of the
 reservoirs as of the date of enactment of this Act;
 (4) the 2013-2014 drought constitutes a serious emergency
 posing immediate and severe risks to human life and safety
 and to the environment throughout the State;
 (5) the emergency requires--
 (A) immediate and credible action that respects the
 complexity of the State of California's water system and its
 importance to the entire State; and
 (B) policies that do not pit stakeholders against one
 another, which history has shown only leads to costly
 litigation that benefits no one and prevents any real
 solutions;
 (6) Federal law (including regulations) directly authorizes
 expedited decision-making procedures and environmental and
 public review procedures to enable timely and appropriate
 implementation of actions to respond to such a type and
 severity of emergency; and
 (7) the serious emergency posed by the 2013-2014 drought in
 the State fully satisfies the conditions necessary for the
 exercise of emergency decision making, analytical, and public
 review requirements under--
 (A) the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et
 seq.);
 (B) the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42
 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.);

[[Page S894]]

(C) water control management procedures of the Corps of
 Engineers described in section 222.5 of title 33, Code of
 Federal Regulations (including successor regulations); and
 (D) the Reclamation States Emergency Drought Relief Act of
 1991 (Public Law 102-250; 106 Stat. 53).

SEC. 102. DEFINITIONS.

In this title:
 (1) Central valley project.--The term ``Central Valley
 Project'' has the meaning given the term in section 3403 of
 the Central Valley Project Improvement Act (106 Stat. 4707).
 (2) Klamath project.--The term ``Klamath Project'' means
 the Bureau of Reclamation project in the States of California
 and Oregon--
 (A) as authorized under the Act of June 17, 1902 (32 Stat.
 388, chapter 1093); and
 (B) as described in--
 (i) title II of the Oregon Resource Conservation Act of
 1996 (Public Law 104-208; 110 Stat. 3009-532); and
 (ii) the Klamath Basin Water Supply Enhancement Act of 2000
 (Public Law 106-498; 114 Stat. 2221).
 (3) Reclamation project.--The term ``Reclamation Project''
 means a project constructed pursuant to the authorities of
 the reclamation laws and whose facilities are wholly or
 partially located in the State.
 (4) Reserved works.--The term ``reserved works'' means
 Bureau of Reclamation-owned project facilities for which the
 operations and maintenance are performed by employees of the
 Bureau of Reclamation or by contract, regardless of funding
 source.
 (5) Secretaries.--The term ``Secretaries'' means--
 (A) the Administrator of the Environmental Protection
 Agency;
 (B) the Secretary of Commerce; and
 (C) the Secretary of the Interior.
 (6) State.--The term ``State'' means the State of
 California.
 (7) State water project.--The term ``State Water Project''
 means the water project described by California Water Code
 section 11550 et seq., and operated by the California
 Department of Water Resources.

SEC. 103. EMERGENCY PROJECTS.

(a) In General.--In response to the declaration of a state
 of drought emergency by the Governor of the State, the
 Secretaries shall provide the maximum quantity of water
 supplies possible to Central Valley Project and Klamath
 Project agricultural, municipal and industrial, and refuge
 service and repayment contractors, State Water Project
 contractors, and any other locality or municipality in the
 State, by approving, consistent with applicable laws
 (including regulations)--
 (1) any project or operations to provide additional water
 supplies if there is any possible way whatsoever that the
 Secretaries can do so unless the project or operations
 constitute a highly inefficient way of providing additional
 water supplies; and
 (2) any projects or operations as quickly as possible based
 on available information to address the emergency conditions.
 (b) Mandate.--In carrying out subsection (a), the
 applicable agency heads described in that subsection shall,
 consistent with applicable laws (including regulations)--
 (1) authorize and implement actions to ensure that the
 Delta Cross Channel Gates shall remain open to the greatest
 extent possible, timed to maximize the peak flood tide period
 and provide water supply and water quality benefits for the
 duration of the State's drought emergency declaration,
 consistent with operational criteria and monitoring criteria
 developed pursuant to the California State Water Resources
 Control Board's Order Approving a Temporary Urgency Change in
 License and Permit Terms in Response to Drought Conditions,
 effective January 31, 2014, or a successor order;
 (2)(A) collect data associated with the operation of the
 Delta Cross Channel Gates described in paragraph (1) and its
 impact on species listed as threatened or endangered under
 the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.),
 water quality, and water supply; and
 (B) after assessing the data described in subparagraph (A),
 require the Director of the National Marine Fisheries Service
 to recommend revisions to operations of the Central Valley
 Project and the California State Water Project, including, if
 appropriate, the reasonable and prudent alternatives
 contained in the biological opinion issued by the National
 Marine Fisheries Service on June 4, 2009, that are likely to
 produce fishery, water quality, and water supply benefits;
 (3)(A) implement turbidity control strategies that allow
 for increased water deliveries while avoiding jeopardy to
 adult delta smelt (Hypomesus transpacificus) due to
 entrainment at Central Valley Project and State Water Project
 pumping plants; and
 (B) manage reverse flow in Old and Middle Rivers as
 prescribed by the biological opinion issued by the United
 States Fish and Wildlife Service and dated December 15, 2008,
 to minimize water supply reductions for the Central Valley
 Project and the State Water Project;
 (4) adopt a 1:1 inflow to export ratio for the increased
 flow of the San Joaquin River, as measured as a 3-day running
 average at Vernalis during the period from April 1 through
 May 31, resulting from voluntary transfers and exchanges of
 water supplies, among other purposes;
 (5) issue all necessary permit decisions under the
 authority of the Secretaries within 30 days of receiving a
 completed application by the State to place and use temporary
 barriers or operable gates in Delta channels to improve water
 quantity and quality for State Water Project and Central
 Valley Project South of Delta water contractors and other
 water users, which barriers or gates should provide benefits
 for species protection and in-Delta water user water quality
 and shall be designed such that formal consultations under
 section 7 of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C.
 1536) would not be necessary;
 (6)(A) require the Director of the United States Fish and
 Wildlife Service and the Commissioner of the Bureau of
 Reclamation to complete all requirements under the National
 Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) and
 the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.)
 necessary to make final permit decisions on water transfer
 requests associated with voluntarily fallowing nonpermanent
 crops in the State, within 30 days of receiving such a
 request; and
 (B) require the Director of the United States Fish and
 Wildlife Service to allow any water transfer request
 associated with fallowing to maximize the quantity of water
 supplies available for nonhabitat uses as long as the
 fallowing and associated water transfer are in compliance
 with applicable Federal laws (including regulations);
 (7) allow North of Delta water service contractors with
 unused 2013 Central Valley Project contract supplies to take
 delivery of those unused supplies through April 15, 2014,
 if--
 (A) the contractor requests the extension; and
 (B) the requesting contractor certifies that, without the
 extension, the contractor would have insufficient supplies to
 adequately meet water delivery obligations;
 (8) maintain all rescheduled water supplies held in the San
 Luis Reservoir and Millerton Reservoir for all water users
 for delivery in the immediately following contract water year
 unless precluded by reservoir storage capacity limitations;
 (9) to the maximum extent possible based on the
 availability of water and without causing land subsidence--
 (A) meet the contract water supply needs of Central Valley
 Project refuges through the improvement or installation of
 wells to use groundwater resources and the purchase of water
 from willing sellers, which activities may be accomplished by
 using funding made available under section 104 or the Water
 Assistance Program or the WaterSMART program of the
 Department of the Interior; and
 (B) make a quantity of Central Valley Project surface water
 obtained from the measures implemented under subparagraph (A)
 available to Central Valley Project contractors;
 (10) make WaterSMART grant funding administered by the
 Bureau of Reclamation available for eligible projects within
 the State on a priority and expedited basis--
 (A) to provide emergency drinking and municipal water
 supplies to localities in a quantity necessary to meet
 minimum public health and safety needs;
 (B) to prevent the loss of permanent crops;
 (C) to minimize economic losses resulting from drought
 conditions; and
 (D) to provide innovative water conservation tools and
 technology for agriculture and urban water use that can have
 immediate water supply benefits;
 (11) implement offsite upstream projects in the Delta and
 upstream Sacramento River and San Joaquin basins, in
 coordination with the California Department of Water
 Resources and the California Department of Fish and Wildlife,
 that offset the effects on species listed as threatened or
 endangered under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16
 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.) due to actions taken under this Act;
 (12) for reserved works only, authorize annual operation
 and maintenance deficits, owed to the Federal Government and
 incurred due to delivery of contract water supplies to a
 Central Valley Project or Klamath Project water contractor
 during each fiscal year the State emergency drought
 declaration is in force, to accrue without interest for a
 period of 5 years and then to be repaid, notwithstanding
 section 106 of Public Law 99-546 (100 Stat. 3052), to the
 Federal Government over a period of not more than 10 years at
 the lesser of--
 (A) the project interest rate; and
 (B) the rate specified in section 106 of Public Law 99-546
 (100 Stat. 3052); and
 (13) use all available scientific tools to identify and
 implement any changes to real-time operations of Bureau of
 Reclamation, State, and local water projects that could
 result in the availability of additional water supplies.
 (c) Other Agencies.--To the extent that a Federal agency
 other than agencies headed by the Secretaries has a role in
 approving projects described in subsections (a) and (b), the
 provisions of this section shall apply to those Federal
 agencies.
 (d) Accelerated Project Decision and Elevation.--
 (1) In general.--Upon the request of the State, the heads
 of Federal agencies shall use the expedited procedures under
 this subsection to make final decisions relating to a Federal
 project or operation to provide additional water supplies or
 address emergency drought conditions pursuant to subsections
 (a) and (b).
 (2) Request for resolution.--

[[Page S895]]

(A) In general.--Upon the request of the State, the head of
 an agency referred to in subsection (a), or the head of
 another Federal agency responsible for carrying out a review
 of a project, as applicable, the Secretary of the Interior
 shall convene a final project decision meeting with the heads
 of all relevant Federal agencies to decide whether to approve
 a project to provide emergency water supplies.
 (B) Meeting.--The Secretary of the Interior shall convene a
 meeting requested under subparagraph (A) not later than 7
 days after receiving the meeting request.
 (3) Notification.--Upon receipt of a request for a meeting
 under this subsection, the Secretary of the Interior shall
 notify the heads of all relevant Federal agencies of the
 request, including the project to be reviewed and the date
 for the meeting.
 (4) Decision.--Not later than 10 days after the date on
 which a meeting is requested under paragraph (2), the head of
 the relevant Federal agency shall issue a final decision on
 the project.
 (5) Meeting convened by secretary.--The Secretary may
 convene a final project decision meeting under this
 subsection at any time, at the discretion of the Secretary,
 regardless of whether a meeting is requested under paragraph
 (2).

SEC. 104. EMERGENCY FUNDING.

(a) Financial Assistance.--
 (1) In general.--Financial assistance may be made available
 under the Reclamation States Emergency Drought Relief Act of
 1991 (43 U.S.C. 2201 et seq.), subtitle F of title IX of the
 Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 (42 U.S.C. 10361
 et seq.) (commonly known as the ``Secure Water Act of
 2009''), and any other applicable Federal law (including
 regulations), to be divided among each applicable program at
 the discretion of the Secretary for the optimization and
 conservation of Reclamation Project water supplies to assist
 drought-plagued areas of the State and the West.
 (2) Additional availability.--Financial assistance may be
 made available under this section to organizations and
 entities, including tribal governments, that are engaged in
 collaborative processes to restore the environment while
 settling water rights claims that are part of an active water
 rights adjudication or a broader settlement of claims that
 are part of a basin-wide solution for restoration.
 (b) Types of Assistance.--Assistance under subsection (a)
 shall include a range of projects, including--
 (1) the installation of pumps, temporary barriers, or
 operable gates for water diversion and fish protection;
 (2) the installation of groundwater wells in wildlife
 refuges and other areas;
 (3) the purchase or assistance in the purchase of water
 from willing sellers;
 (4) conservation projects providing water supply benefits
 in the short-term;
 (5) exchanges with any water district willing to provide
 water to meet the emergency water needs of other water
 districts in return for the delivery of equivalent quantities
 of water later that year or in future years;
 (6) maintenance of cover crops to prevent public health
 impacts from severe dust storms;
 (7) emergency pumping projects for critical health and
 safety purposes;
 (8) activities to reduce water demand consistent with a
 comprehensive program for environmental restoration and
 settlement of water rights claims;
 (9) the use of new or innovative water on-farm water
 conservation technologies or methods that may assist in
 sustaining permanent crops in areas with severe water
 shortages;
 (10) technical assistance to improve existing irrigation
 practices to provide water supply benefits in the short-term;
 and
 (11) any other assistance the Secretary determines to be
 necessary to increase available water supplies or mitigate
 drought impacts.
 (c) Funding.--There is appropriated, out of funds of the
 Treasury not otherwise appropriated, $100,000,000 to the
 Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Commerce to
 carry out this section.

SEC. 105. EMERGENCY ENVIRONMENTAL REVIEWS.

To minimize the time spent carrying out environmental
 reviews and to deliver water quickly that is needed to
 address emergency drought conditions in the State, the head
 of each applicable Federal agency shall, in carrying out this
 Act, consult with the Council on Environmental Quality in
 accordance with section 1506.11 of title 40, Code of Federal
 Regulations (including successor regulations) to develop
 alternative arrangements to comply with the National
 Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.)
 during the emergency.

SEC. 106. STATE REVOLVING FUNDS.

The Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency,
 in allocating amounts for each of the fiscal years during
 which the State's emergency drought declaration is in force
 to State water pollution control revolving funds established
 under title VI of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33
 U.S.C. 1381 et seq.) and the State drinking water treatment
 revolving loan funds established under section 1452 of the
 Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j-12), shall, for those
 projects that are eligible to receive assistance under
 section 603 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33
 U.S.C. 1383) or section 1452(a)(2) of the Safe Drinking Water
 Act (42 U.S.C. 300j-12(a)(2)), respectively, that the State
 determines will provide additional water supplies most
 expeditiously to areas that are at risk of having an
 inadequate supply of water for public health and safety
 purposes or to improve resiliency to drought--
 (1) require the State to review and prioritize funding for
 such projects;
 (2) issue a determination of waivers within 30 days of the
 conclusion of the informal public comment period pursuant to
 section 436(c) of title IV of division G of Public Law 113-
 76; and
 (3) authorize, at the request of the State, 40-year
 financing for assistance under section 603(d)(2) of the
 Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1383(d)(2)) or
 section 1452(f)(2) of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C.
 300j-12(f)(2)).

SEC. 107. DROUGHT PLANNING ASSISTANCE.

(a) In General.--Upon the request of Central Valley Project
 or Klamath Project contractors or other Reclamation Project
 contractors in the State, the Secretary of the Interior,
 acting through the Commissioner of Reclamation, shall provide
 water supply planning assistance in preparation for and in
 response to dry, critically dry, and below normal water year
 types to those Central Valley Project or Klamath Project
 contractors or other Reclamation Project contractors making
 those requests, including contractors who possess contracts
 for refuge water supplies or deliver refuge water supplies.
 (b) Types of Assistance.--Assistance under subsection (a)
 shall include--
 (1) hydrological forecasting;
 (2) assessment of water supply sources under different
 water year classification types;
 (3) identification of alternative water supply sources;
 (4) guidance on potential water transfer partners;
 (5) technical assistance regarding Federal and State
 permits and contracts under the Act of February 21, 1911 (36
 Stat. 925, chapter 141) (commonly known as the ``Warren
 Act'');
 (6) technical assistance regarding emergency provision of
 water supplies for critical health and safety purposes;
 (7) activities carried out in conjunction with the National
 Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, the National
 Integrated Drought Information System, and the State partners
 of the National Integrated Drought Information System under
 the National Integrated Drought Information System Act of
 2006 (15 U.S.C. 313d)--
 (A) to collect and integrate key indicators of drought
 severity and impacts; and
 (B) to produce and communicate timely monitoring and
 forecast information to local and regional communities,
 including the San Joaquin Valley, the Delta, and the Central
 Coast; and
 (8) any other assistance the Secretary determines to be
 necessary.

SEC. 108. CALFED BAY-DELTA ACT REAUTHORIZATION.

Title I of the Water Supply, Reliability, and Environmental
 Improvement Act (118 Stat. 1681; 123 Stat. 2860) (as amended
 by section 207 of title II of division D of the Consolidated
 Appropriations Act, 2014) is amended by striking ``2015''
 each place it appears and inserting ``2018''.

SEC. 109. RECLAMATION STATES EMERGENCY DROUGHT RELIEF ACT
 REAUTHORIZATION.

Section 301 of the Reclamation States Emergency Drought
 Relief Act of 1991 (43 U.S.C. 2241) is amended--
 (1) by striking ``$90,000,000'' and inserting
 ``$190,000,000''; and
 (2) by striking ``2012'' and inserting ``2017''.

SEC. 110. SECURE WATER ACT REAUTHORIZATION.

Section 9504 of Public Law 111-11 (42 U.S.C. 10364) is
 amended--
 (1) in subsection (a)(3)(E), by adding at the end the
 following:
 ``(v) Authority of commissioner.--The Commissioner of
 Reclamation may, at the discretion of the Commissioner--

``(I) waive any cost-share requirements to address
 emergency situations; and
 ``(II) prioritize projects based on the ability of the
 projects to expeditiously yield water supply benefits during
 periods of drought.''; and

(2) in subsection (e), by striking ``$200,000,000'' and
 inserting ``$250,000,000''.

SEC. 111. EFFECT ON STATE LAWS.

Nothing in this Act preempts any State law in effect on the
 date of enactment of this Act, including area of origin and
 other water rights protections.

SEC. 112. KLAMATH BASIN WATER SUPPLY.

The Klamath Basin Water Supply Enhancement Act of 2000
 (Public Law 106-498; 114 Stat. 2221) is amended--
 (1) by redesignating sections 4 through 6 as sections 5
 through 7, respectively; and
 (2) by inserting after section 3 the following:

``SEC. 4. WATER MANAGEMENT AND PLANNING ACTIVITIES.

``The Secretary is authorized to engage in activities,
 including entering into agreements and contracts, or
 otherwise making financial assistance available, to reduce
 water consumption or demand, or to restore ecosystems in the
 Klamath Basin watershed, including tribal fishery resources
 held in trust, consistent with collaborative agreements for
 environmental restoration and settlements of water rights
 claims.''.

[[Page S896]]

SEC. 113. TERMINATION OF AUTHORITIES.

The authorities under sections 103, 104, 105, and 106
 expire on the date on which the Governor of the State
 suspends the state of drought emergency declaration.

TITLE II--EMERGENCY SUPPLEMENTAL AGRICULTURE DISASTER APPROPRIATIONS

SEC. 201. EMERGENCY SUPPLEMENTAL AGRICULTURE DISASTER
 APPROPRIATIONS.

(a) Funding.--
 (1) In general.--Notwithstanding any other provision of
 law, as soon as practicable after the date of enactment of
 this Act, out of any funds in the Treasury not otherwise
 appropriated, the Secretary of the Treasury shall transfer to
 the Secretary of Agriculture (referred to in this section as
 the ``Secretary'') for the emergency conservation program
 established under title IV of the Agricultural Credit Act of
 1978 (16 U.S.C. 2201 et seq.) and the emergency watershed
 protection program established under section 403 of the
 Agricultural Credit Act of 1978 (16 U.S.C. 2203)
 $100,000,000, to be divided among each applicable program as
 the Secretary determines to be appropriate--
 (A) to provide to agricultural producers and other eligible
 entities affected by the 2014 drought assistance upon
 declaration of a natural disaster under section 321(a) of the
 Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C.
 1961(a)) or for the same purposes for counties that are
 contiguous to a designated natural disaster area; and
 (B) to carry out any other activities the Secretary
 determines necessary as a result of the 2014 drought, such as
 activities relating to wildfire damage.
 (2) Receipt and acceptance.--The Secretary shall be
 entitled to receive, shall accept, and shall use to carry out
 this subsection the funds transferred under paragraph (1),
 without further appropriation.
 (b) Emergency Assistance Program for Livestock, Honey Bees,
 and Farm-raised Fish.--Notwithstanding any other applicable
 limitations under law, the Secretary shall use such sums as
 are necessary of the funds of the Commodity Credit
 Corporation to carry out the emergency assistance program for
 livestock, honey bees, and farm-raised fish under section
 531(e) of the Federal Crop Insurance Act (7 U.S.C. 1531(e))
 for fiscal year 2014 to provide assistance to agricultural
 producers for losses due to drought.
 (c) FEMA Predisaster Hazard Mitigation Grants.--
 (1) In general.--Notwithstanding any other provision of
 law, as soon as practicable after the date of enactment of
 this Act, out of any funds in the Treasury not otherwise
 appropriated, the Secretary of the Treasury shall transfer to
 the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency
 $25,000,000 for fiscal year 2014 for mitigation activities
 related to drought and wildfire hazards.
 (2) Receipt and acceptance.--The Administrator of the
 Federal Emergency Management Agency shall be entitled to
 receive, shall accept, and shall use to carry out this
 subsection the funds transferred under paragraph (1), without
 further appropriation.
 (d) Emergency Community Water Assistance Grants.--
 (1) In general.--Notwithstanding any other provision of
 law--
 (A) as soon as practicable after the date of enactment of
 this Act, out of any funds in the Treasury not otherwise
 appropriated, the Secretary of the Treasury shall transfer to
 the Secretary $25,000,000 for fiscal year 2014 to provide
 emergency community water assistance grants under section
 306A of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7
 U.S.C. 1926a) to address impacts of drought;
 (B) the maximum amount of a grant provided under
 subparagraph (A) for fiscal year 2014 shall be $1,000,000;
 and
 (C) for fiscal year 2014, a community whose population is
 less than 50,000 shall be eligible for a grant under this
 paragraph.
 (2) Receipt and acceptance.--The Secretary shall be
 entitled to receive, shall accept, and shall use to carry out
 this subsection the funds transferred under paragraph (1),
 without further appropriation.
 (e) Office of the Inspector General.--
 (1) In general.--Notwithstanding any other provision of
 law, as soon as practicable after the date of enactment of
 this Act, out of any funds in the Treasury not otherwise
 appropriated, the Secretary of the Treasury shall transfer to
 the Inspector General of the Department of Agriculture
 $2,000,000 for fiscal year 2014, to remain available until
 expended, for oversight of activities carried out by the
 Department relating to drought.
 (2) Receipt and acceptance.--The Inspector General of the
 Department of Agriculture shall be entitled to receive, shall
 accept, and shall use to carry out this subsection the funds
 transferred under paragraph (1), without further
 appropriation.
 (f) Emergency Grants to Assist Low-income Migrant and
 Seasonal Farmworkers.--
 (1) In general.--Notwithstanding any other provision of
 law, as soon as practicable after the date of enactment of
 this Act, out of any funds in the Treasury not otherwise
 appropriated, the Secretary of the Treasury shall transfer to
 the Secretary $25,000,000 for fiscal year 2014 to provide
 emergency grants to assist low-income migrant and seasonal
 farmworkers under section 2281 of the Food, Agriculture,
 Conservation, and Trade Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 5177a) to
 address impacts of drought upon declaration of a natural
 disaster under section 321(a) of the Consolidated Farm and
 Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1961(a)) or for the same
 purposes in counties that are contiguous to a designated
 natural disaster area.
 (2) Receipt and acceptance.--The Secretary shall be
 entitled to receive, shall accept, and shall use to carry out
 this subsection the funds transferred under paragraph (1),
 without further appropriation.
 (g) Emergency Forest Restoration Program.--
 (1) In general.--Notwithstanding any other provision of
 law, as soon as practicable after the date of enactment of
 this Act, out of any funds in the Treasury not otherwise
 appropriated, the Secretary of the Treasury shall transfer to
 the Secretary $25,000,000 for fiscal year 2014 for the
 Emergency Forest Restoration Program under section 407 of the
 Agricultural Credit Act of 1978 (16 U.S.C. 2206) to address
 impacts of drought or wildfire upon declaration of a natural
 disaster under section 321(a) of the Consolidated Farm and
 Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1961(a)) or for the same
 purposes in counties that are contiguous to a designated
 natural disaster area.
 (2) Receipt and acceptance.--The Secretary shall be
 entitled to receive, shall accept, and shall use to carry out
 this subsection the funds transferred under paragraph (1),
 without further appropriation.

TITLE III--FEDERAL DISASTER ASSISTANCE

SEC. 301. TREATMENT OF DROUGHT UNDER THE ROBERT T. STAFFORD
 DISASTER RELIEF AND EMERGENCY ASSISTANCE ACT.

(a) Findings.--Congress finds that--
 (1) the term ``major disaster'' (as defined in section 102
 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency
 Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5122)) includes drought, yet no
 drought in the 30 years preceding the date of enactment of
 this Act has been declared by the President to be a major
 disaster in any of the States in accordance with section 401
 of that Act (42 U.S.C. 5170);
 (2) a major drought shall be eligible to be declared a
 major disaster or state of emergency by the President on the
 request of the Governor of any State;
 (3) droughts are natural disasters that do occur, and while
 of a different type of impact, the scale of the impact of a
 major drought can be equivalent to other disasters that have
 been declared by the President to be a major disaster under
 the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency
 Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.); and
 (4) droughts have wide-ranging and long-term impacts on
 ecosystem health, agriculture production, permanent crops,
 forests, waterways, air quality, public health, wildlife,
 employment, communities, State and national parks, and other
 natural resources of a State and the people of that State
 that have significant value.
 (b) Amendment.--Section 502(a) of the Robert T. Stafford
 Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C.
 5192(a)) is amended--
 (1) in paragraph (7), by striking ``and'';
 (2) in paragraph (8), by striking the period at the end and
 inserting a semicolon; and
 (3) by adding at the end the following:
 ``(9) provide disaster unemployment assistance in
 accordance with section 410;
 ``(10) provide emergency nutrition assistance in accordance
 with section 412; and
 ``(11) provide crisis counseling assistance in accordance
 with section 416.''.

TITLE IV--EMERGENCY DESIGNATIONS

SEC. 401. EMERGENCY DESIGNATIONS.

(a) This Act is designated as an emergency requirement
 pursuant to section 4(g) of the Statutory Pay-As-You-Go Act
 of 2010 (Public Law 111-139; 2 U.S.C. 933(g)).
 (b) In the Senate, this Act is designated as an emergency
 requirement pursuant to section 403(a) of S. Con. Res. 13
 (111th Congress), the concurrent resolution on the budget for
 fiscal year 2010.

For more information please visit: http://beta.congress.gov

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              48 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                 Hidalgo County Herald (Lordsburg, New Mexico)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               February 18, 2011

USDA offers programs for communities hit hard by weather conditions

BYLINE: Hidalgo County Herald staff

LENGTH: 456  words


USDA Rural Development. New Mexico State Director Terry Brunner announced today
financial aid is available to help individuals, communities and utilities
address the implications of recent winter storms in rural New Mexico.

"We've all seen the negative effect of the recent storm system. Utilities are
coping with broken pipes and lines, community facilities have been damaged and
homeowners have seen a variety of problems," said Brunner. He added, "We have
several programs that could help address these issues and we stand ready to
assist rural New Mexicans during this challenging time."

Telecommunication and Electric Cooperatives have access to normal lines of
credit through the USDA Rural Utilities Service to repair system damages. The
USDA Rural Utilities Service encourages those with outstanding RUS debt to reach
out to the agency and request assistance to bring their system back on line as
quickly as possible. Other eligible utility applicants may seek expedited
funding requests from Rural Development.

Water systems, such as municipal systems and mutual domestic water associations,
in communities of 10,000 or less can apply for USDA's Emergency

Community Water Assistance Grants if they have current environmental and
engineering documents. These grants can cover a variety of issues including a
decrease in water quality and replacement of lines and other equipment.

Communities with populations less than 20,000 can apply for USDA loans and
grants for repair to their community infrastructure through the USDA Rural
Development Community Facilities program. This includes: community buildings,
medical facilities, emergency equipment, and roads.

Low income homeowners in communities of 10,000 or less may apply for low
interest home repair loans and grants to fix their home, weatherize, purchase
heating systems and repair utilities connections. The maximum allowed through
the grant program is $7,500 and the maximum loan available is $20,000 at one
percent interest.

For more information on these programs contact the nearest USDA Rural
Development office.

Aztec Area Office 505-334-3090 Extension 4

Las Cruces Area Office 575-522-8775 Extension 4

Las Vegas Sub-Office 505-425-3594 Extension 4

Los Lunas Area Office 505-865-4643 Extension 4

Roswell Sub-Office 575-622-8745.

USDA Rural Development's mission is to increase economic opportunity and improve
the quality of life for rural residents. Rural Development fosters growth in
homeownership, finances business development, and supports the creation of
critical community and technology infrastructure. Further information on rural
programs is available at any local USDA Rural Development office or by visiting
USDA Rural Development's web site at http://www.rurdev.usda.gov

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Community

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HDG

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2011 Hidalgo County Herald


                              49 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 8, 2016 Monday

Agency Information Collection Activities; Proposals, Submissions, and Approvals;
60-day Notice; OMB No. 0572-0110, 7 CFR 1778, Emergency & Imminent Community
Water Assistance Grants (ECWAG)

LENGTH: 724  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington, DC:  This Notice document was issued by the Rural Utilities Service
(RUS)



  Action



 Notice and request for comments.

 Summary



 In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 (44 U.S.C. chapter 35,
as amended), the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural
Development administers rural utilities programs through the Rural Utilities
Service (RUS). RUS invites comments on the following information collection for
which the Agency intends to request approval from the Office of Management and
Budget (OMB).



 Dates



 Comments on this notice must be received by April 8, 2016.

 For Further Information Contact



 Thomas P. Dickson, Acting Director, Program Development and Regulatory
Analysis, USDA Rural Utilities Service, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., STOP 1522,
Room 5164, South Building, Washington, DC 20250-1522. Telephone: (202) 690-4492.
FAX: (202) 720-8435. Email: Thomas.Dickson@wdc.usda.gov

 Supplementary Information



 The Office of Management and Budget's (OMB) regulation (5 CFR 1320)
implementing provisions of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 (Pub. L. 104-13)
requires that interested members of the public and affected agencies have an
opportunity to comment on information collection and recordkeeping activities
(see 5 CFR 1320.8(d)). This notice identifies an information collection that RUS
is submitting to OMB for extension.



 Comments are invited on: (a) Whether this collection of information is
necessary for the proper performance of the functions of the Agency, including
whether the information will have practical utility; (b) the accuracy of the
Agency's estimate of the burden of the proposed collection of information
including the validity of the methodology and assumptions used; (c) ways to
enhance the quality, utility, and clarity of the information to be collected;
and (d) ways to minimize the burden of the collection of information on
respondents, including through the use of appropriate automated, electronic,
mechanical, or other technological collection techniques or other forms of
information technology. Comments may be sent to: Thomas P. Dickson, Acting
Director, Program Development and Regulatory Analysis, USDA Rural Development,
STOP 1522, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-1522. FAX: (202)
720-8435.



 Title: Emergency and Imminent Community Water Assistance Grants, 7 CFR 1778.



 OMB Control Number: 0572-0110.



 Type of Request: Extension of a currently approved information collection.



 Abstract: Rural Utilities Service (RUS), an agency delivering the U.S.
Department of Agriculture (USDA) administers Emergency and Imminent Community
Water Assistance Grants pursuant to 7 CFR 1778 and awards grants to qualified
rural communities that have experienced a significant decline in quality or
quantity of water or expect such a decline to be imminent. Grants under this RUS
program may be made to public bodies and private nonprofit corporations serving
rural areas. Public bodies include counties, cities, townships, incorporated
towns and villages, boroughs, authorities, districts, and other political
subdivisions of a state. Public bodies also include Indian Tribes on Federal and
State reservations and other Federally-recognized Indian tribal groups in rural
areas. Applicants will provide information to be collected as part of the
application and grant process through documentation, certifications, or
completed application forms. These procedures are codified at 7 CFR part 1778.



 Estimate of Burden: Public reporting for this collection of information is
estimated to average 4 hours per response.



 Respondents: Not-for-profit Institutions.



 Estimated Number of Respondents: 100.



 Estimated Total Annual Burden on Respondents: 400 hours.



 Copies of this information collection can be obtained from Rebecca Hunt,
Program Development and Regulatory Analysis, at (202) 205-3660, FAX (202)
720-8435 or email: Rebecca.Hunt@wdc.usda.gov



 All responses to this notice will be summarized and included in the request for
OMB approval. All comments will also become a matter of public records.

 Dated: February 2, 2016.

 Brandon McBride,

 Administrator, Rural Utilities Service.

 [FR Doc. 2016-02462 Filed 2-5-16; 8:45 am]

 BILLING CODE P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              50 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 8, 2016 Monday

Agency Information Collection Activities; Proposals, Submissions, and Approvals;
60-day Notice; OMB No. 0572-0110, 7 CFR 1778, Emergency & Imminent Community
Water Assistance Grants (ECWAG)

LENGTH: 724  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington, DC:  This Notice document was issued by the Rural Utilities Service
(RUS)



  Action



 Notice and request for comments.

 Summary



 In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 (44 U.S.C. chapter 35,
as amended), the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural
Development administers rural utilities programs through the Rural Utilities
Service (RUS). RUS invites comments on the following information collection for
which the Agency intends to request approval from the Office of Management and
Budget (OMB).



 Dates



 Comments on this notice must be received by April 8, 2016.

 For Further Information Contact



 Thomas P. Dickson, Acting Director, Program Development and Regulatory
Analysis, USDA Rural Utilities Service, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., STOP 1522,
Room 5164, South Building, Washington, DC 20250-1522. Telephone: (202) 690-4492.
FAX: (202) 720-8435. Email: Thomas.Dickson@wdc.usda.gov

 Supplementary Information



 The Office of Management and Budget's (OMB) regulation (5 CFR 1320)
implementing provisions of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 (Pub. L. 104-13)
requires that interested members of the public and affected agencies have an
opportunity to comment on information collection and recordkeeping activities
(see 5 CFR 1320.8(d)). This notice identifies an information collection that RUS
is submitting to OMB for extension.



 Comments are invited on: (a) Whether this collection of information is
necessary for the proper performance of the functions of the Agency, including
whether the information will have practical utility; (b) the accuracy of the
Agency's estimate of the burden of the proposed collection of information
including the validity of the methodology and assumptions used; (c) ways to
enhance the quality, utility, and clarity of the information to be collected;
and (d) ways to minimize the burden of the collection of information on
respondents, including through the use of appropriate automated, electronic,
mechanical, or other technological collection techniques or other forms of
information technology. Comments may be sent to: Thomas P. Dickson, Acting
Director, Program Development and Regulatory Analysis, USDA Rural Development,
STOP 1522, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-1522. FAX: (202)
720-8435.



 Title: Emergency and Imminent Community Water Assistance Grants, 7 CFR 1778.



 OMB Control Number: 0572-0110.



 Type of Request: Extension of a currently approved information collection.



 Abstract: Rural Utilities Service (RUS), an agency delivering the U.S.
Department of Agriculture (USDA) administers Emergency and Imminent Community
Water Assistance Grants pursuant to 7 CFR 1778 and awards grants to qualified
rural communities that have experienced a significant decline in quality or
quantity of water or expect such a decline to be imminent. Grants under this RUS
program may be made to public bodies and private nonprofit corporations serving
rural areas. Public bodies include counties, cities, townships, incorporated
towns and villages, boroughs, authorities, districts, and other political
subdivisions of a state. Public bodies also include Indian Tribes on Federal and
State reservations and other Federally-recognized Indian tribal groups in rural
areas. Applicants will provide information to be collected as part of the
application and grant process through documentation, certifications, or
completed application forms. These procedures are codified at 7 CFR part 1778.



 Estimate of Burden: Public reporting for this collection of information is
estimated to average 4 hours per response.



 Respondents: Not-for-profit Institutions.



 Estimated Number of Respondents: 100.



 Estimated Total Annual Burden on Respondents: 400 hours.



 Copies of this information collection can be obtained from Rebecca Hunt,
Program Development and Regulatory Analysis, at (202) 205-3660, FAX (202)
720-8435 or email: Rebecca.Hunt@wdc.usda.gov



 All responses to this notice will be summarized and included in the request for
OMB approval. All comments will also become a matter of public records.

 Dated: February 2, 2016.

 Brandon McBride,

 Administrator, Rural Utilities Service.

 [FR Doc. 2016-02462 Filed 2-5-16; 8:45 am]

 BILLING CODE P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              51 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Effingham Daily News (Illinois)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           January 6, 2016 Wednesday

State declares Cumberland flooding disaster area

BYLINE: Stan Polanski, Effingham Daily News, Ill.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 653 words


Jan. 06--Gov. Bruce Rauner added Cumberland County to the state's declared
disaster list Tuesday following recent flooding.

Larry Tarr, county superintendent of utilities in Greenup, said that the village
in southeast Cumberland County witnessed heavy flooding last week.

"We've had quite a bit of flooding," he said.

Near Illinois Route 121 the pump house filled with three feet of flood water. It
controls the village's wells, and with a little more flooding, Tarr said
residents might have been without running water.

"If we had another day of rain, we would have been in a lot of trouble," he
said. "The pumps would have stopped working."

Greenup also dealt with road closures and a submerged fairgrounds. Residents had
flooded yards and many needed to pump water from their basements, Tarr said.

All the flooding last week seemed to bring curious people to the area.

"I guess it was almost like a tourist attraction," Tarr said.

As of Tuesday, Tarr said he's not sure how much damage the flood has caused. But
a statewide assessment of the damage is in the works now that the flooding has
begun to recede.

The damage information collected by local governments will be forwarded to the
Illinois Emergency Management Agency (IEMA), where it will be reviewed to
develop a picture of the overall impact on people and local governments.

With Rauner's announcement Tuesday, a total of 23 counties have been declared
disasters.

"The impacts of this flood event have been felt in many communities across the
state," said Rauner. "We're continuing to provide personnel and resources
communities need as they battle floodwaters and begin their recovery process."

A state disaster declaration makes a wide variety of state resources available
that can help communities respond and recover from flooding. Such resources
include sandbags, sand, pumps, trucks, inmate crews and other assistance to
ensure public safety.

The State Emergency Operations Center (SEOC) in Springfield was activated Dec.
28 to coordinate the state's flood response and has operated since that time to
coordinate deployment of state personnel and resources to help communities
protect public health and safety.

If the initial damage information shows losses that may meet thresholds for a
federal disaster declaration, the state could request that the Federal Emergency
Management Agency (FEMA ) join state and local officials for a more thorough
assessment of the damage. If it appears the state meets the federal assistance
criteria, the governor could request a major disaster declaration from the
President.

There are two separate federal assistance programs. The Individual Assistance
program offers grants and low-interest loans to people affected by disasters.
The Public Assistance program provides reimbursement up to 75 percent of
eligible costs incurred by local governments as they deal with the disaster and
subsequent recovery.

While there is no defined damage amount for Individual Assistance, the state's
past experience with requests for federal assistance shows that it takes
hundreds of homes with severe damage to qualify for the program.

IEMA Director James K. Joseph says it will take a few weeks to gather the
initial damage assessment information from local emergency management officials
since some impacted counties are still dealing with high waters.

"Flood waters need to recede before local officials can get an accurate
accounting of the damage," said Joseph. "Our staff is working closely with all
of the affected counties to help the process proceed as quickly as possible."

For updates on the current situation, visit the Ready Illinois website at
www.ready.illinois.gov

Stan Polanski can be reached at stan.polanski@effinghamdailynews.com or
217-347-7151 ext. 131.

___ (c)2016 the Effingham Daily News (Effingham, Ill.) Visit the Effingham Daily
News (Effingham, Ill.) at www.effinghamdailynews.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20160106-EF-State-declares-Cumberland-flooding-disaster-area-0106-20160106

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EF


                      Copyright 2016 Effingham Daily News


                              52 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 22, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: Sen. Brown, USDA Secure More than $400,000 in Emergency Federal
Funding for Village of Sebring

LENGTH: 766 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Senator Sherrod Brown has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Sen. Sherrod Brown (D-OH) has secured a $404,885 grant from the U.S.
Department of Agriculture (USDA) for the Village of Sebring as it continues to
recover from its local water crisis. Brown highlighted the grant during a news
conference today joined by U.S. Rep. Tim Ryan (D-OH-13), Tony Logan, Ohio USDA
Rural Development Director, Sebring Mayor Michael Pinkerton, and Ruthann House,
CEO, WSOS Community Action Committee.





 "Our number one goal in Sebring is making sure the water is safe," said Brown.
"Sebring has already spent more than $70,000 responding to this crisis,
including buying bottled water. This federal investment will help the town both
cover its expenses and prepare for the future - and I thank USDA for working
with us to secure this funding."



 "This grant funded through the USDA's Emergency Community Water Assistance
Grant program will help Sebring provide safe, reliable drinking water for their
residents," said Logan. "We were able to move quickly to help the residents of
Sebring due to close cooperation between USDA, Senator Brown and local leaders."




 "Safety is, and always will be, my number one priority. I am proud that these
federal funds are going to Sebring to address this crisis," said Ryan. "Clean
drinking water is not a privilege but a right for all Americans. There is more
to be done and I will do everything in my power to ensure that we resolve and
rectify the root of the problem."



 The funding from USDA Rural Development's Emergency Community Water Assistance
Program will be used to cover the purchase and installation of a permanent
orthophosphate feed system - including the bulk tank, day tank, and a dual
mounted duplex chemical metering pump system. This system will detect changes in
the ph levels in the water and release orthophosphate, which helps prevent lead
from leaching into the water, when needed to coat the inside of the pipes. The
grant will also cover the cost of bottle water purchased by the Village during
the crisis.



 Brown, a long-time champion of efforts to help prevent lead poisoning from
homes and toys, introduced legislation in February to better protect Ohioans
from lead in water. Brown also released a resource guide for families to learn
more about lead poisoning and testing resources around Ohio, summarizing
information from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) and the
Ohio Department of Health.



 Brown's bill includes four parts:



     Ensure families are alerted right away when there is a problem by directing
the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) to automatically alert the public
if the state or local agency responsible fails to do so in 15 days. Currently,
local and state officials are responsible for notifying the public, which they
failed to do in a timely manner in the cases of Sebring and Flint;

     Require communities to have a plan in place to fix the problem within six
months. The current requirement is up to 18 months;

     Require there to be a plan in place to make sure communities have access to
clean, safe water in the meantime; and

     Improve transparency by requiring the EPA to make annual state water
quality reports available online in one, easy to use place.



 The CDC estimates that at least four million American households with children
live in homes with lead hazards. To address this, the U.S. Department of Housing
and Urban Development (HUD) Office of Lead Hazard Control and CDC's Healthy
Homes and Lead Poisoning Prevention Program are working to help protect children
from health and safety hazards related to lead-based paint and other hazards in
their homes.



 In November 2015, Brown - the ranking Democrat on the Senate Banking, Housing,
and Urban Affairs Committee - called for increased federal funding for these
programs while standing with local leaders and a northeast Ohio mother whose
family lived in a home with such high levels of lead dust that her
three-year-old son was hospitalized and doctors would not allow him to return to
the family's home.




 Following Brown's call for adequate funding, the Senate passed legislation in
December included funding for $110 million for HUD's Office of Lead Hazard
Control and Healthy Homes and $17 million for the CDC's Healthy Homes and Lead
Poisoning Prevention Program.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              53 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Wimmera Mail-Times

                          September 17, 2016 Saturday
                                Internet Edition

Flood relief grants for Donald | Video, Photos

BYLINE: Erin McFadden

LENGTH: 297 words


Related:

EMERGENCY services met with the Donald community on Friday as flood water
continued to rise.

It came after Premier Daniel Andrews announced assistance grants would be
available for Buloke Shire residents.

The Richardson River started flowing over Camp Street in Donald on Friday.

Donald's Harold Flett said the water was running across the low-lying road.

"We had a community meeting with the State Emergency Services and they gave us
some information about the river heights at the Rich Avon Weir and south of
Donald," he said.

"I don't think there is going to be any real problems unless it rains another
two inches."

Mr Flett said some businesses in town had started sandbagging.

"The motel received three feet of water during floods last time around, so they
have sandbags set up," he said.

The town experienced floods in September 2010, December 2010 and a major flood
in January 2011.

Mr Flett said the previous experience with floods meant many residents were more
prepared.

"Or more anxious," he said.

"However, we have more flood height data now so we can see exactly where the
river is at.

"I've looked at the Rich Avon Weir figures and it looks like it hasn't risen in
about six to seven hours.

"It could even be dropping."

Mr Flett said the town had 84 millimetres of rain between September 8 and
Thursday.

"We aren't panicked yet and my thoughts are that the water is not going to get
up at this stage."

Mr Andrews announced the new grants while visiting Charlton on Friday.

"These grants provide assistance to people whose homes have been flood damaged
so that they can clean-up their properties and replace damaged contents," he
said.

Mr Andrews said the state government was closely monitoring the flood situation
and that assistance would be extended to other areas if required.

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2016 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              54 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         The Clatskanie Chief (Oregon)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 March 4, 2010

Fire Grant Provides New Fire Apparatus for MBRFPD; New Ambulance Ordered

BYLINE: The Clatskanie Chief staff

LENGTH: 565  words


Mist-Birkenfeld Rural Fire Protection District (MBRFPD) is the recipient of an
Assistance to Firefighters grant totaling $210,000 toward the purchase of a new
water tender.

The grant was requested in April of 2009 to replace a 1976 Ford 4000 gallon
water tender that is unsafe to drive under emergency conditions. The cost of the
new unit is expected to be $230,000 to $236,000, with the fire district
providing the cost of the apparatus above that provided by the grant, Fire Chief
Dave Crawford said.

The new water tender will be a 2010 International 7600 chassis with a 410 horse
power diesel engine and an Allison automatic transmission. It will carry 3000
gallons of water that can be dumped from the rear or either side from the
driver's seat. It will have an on-board 3000 gallon portable tank that can be
quickly set up to hold a full load of water and then allow the unit to quickly
get back to the fill site for more.

The water tender also has an onboard 750 gallon-per-minute pump in case it needs
to supply an engine directly. Finally, it will come with three pre-conneqted
hose lines that can be used when needed.

Crawford noted that it is difficult for rural fire protection districts to find
money to replace apparatus. "When the only available way is to increase the tax
load of the already struggling community, capital replacement of equipment takes
a back seat to local economics," Crawford said. "Occasionally grant
opportunities like the Assistance to Firefighters grant become available, making
it possible to replace old, unreliable, unsafe equipment. It is almost the only
way most rural districts are able to ever see a new engine or water tender."

The current 33-year-old truck was originally owned by Don Soderback as a dump
truck. It was retired in 1990 and purchased by the fire district for conversion
to a water tender, according to Crawford.

"It had more than 210,000 miles on it at that time, much of it off road. The
Mallory Company got the contract for the conversion and in 1991 it was placed in
service. For more than 19 years it served the community keeping the fire engines
supplied with water," Crawford recalls. "However, its age began to show as the
cost of keeping it going increased dramatically. More importantly it became
unsafe to drive. The opportunity to replace it is a real blessing. Our
firefighters will operate safer, the district will be better served, and our
surrounding emergency service providers who depend on our help will get it
faster and more efficiently."

New Ambulance Ordered MBRFPD board of directors recently awarded a contract to
Pacific Emergency Apparatus for a new ambulance. The new unit will replace the
15-year-old ambulance currently in service.

"Transport times from our district are 45 minutes to one hour under the best of
conditions," Chief Crawford noted. "The second ambulance is held in reserve and
ensures quick and reliable service in the case of a second call."

Funding for the new ambulance is provided by the fees paid for emergency
transports. Recognizing that the ambulance would need to be replaced every 15
years or so, the district created a reserve fund to provide for its replacement,
Crawford explained. "One hundred percent of the receipts from every ambulance
transport is set aside to fund the cost. As a result, ambulance replacement is
fully funded by its usage, without resorting to additional taxes."

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CTK

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2010 The Clatskanie Chief


                              55 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 21, 2015 Monday

Washington: FEMA Awards $63.6 million to New Mexico for Road Repairs in Eddy
County

LENGTH: 385  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Federal Emergency Management Agency has issued the following news
release:



 The Federal Emergency Management Agency recently awarded more than $63.6
million to the state of New Mexico for road repairs and hazard mitigation as a
result of severe storms and flooding in September 2014. A federal disaster
declaration (DR-4199-NM) designated eight counties eligible for Public
Assistance grants.





 This award provides $63,602,780 in federal funding to Eddy County for permanent
repairs and hazard mitigation to 24 aggregate, asphalt, and chip-and-seal
roadways. A total of 111 miles of county roads sustained base and surface
erosion due to flooding.



 The FEMA grant includes more than $35.3 million for permanent road repairs.
Another $28.3 million in funding is for hazard mitigation - measures taken to
avoid future damage from flooding. This funding is provided to raise the
roadways where additional elevation will prevent the road from becoming a water
drainage channel.



 "We are committed to working with our state partners to assist communities as
they recover from natural disasters and rebuild critical infrastructure," said
FEMA Region 6 Administrator Tony Robinson. "This grant will help Eddy County
rebuild roads to withstand flood waters in the future."



 FEMA obligates funding for this project directly to the New Mexico Department
of Homeland Security and Emergency Management. Following the state's review
process and upon receipt of appropriate documentation, it will provide funds to
Eddy County on a reimbursable basis.



 FEMA Public Assistance grants pay the federal share of the eligible costs for
the work and will cover 75 percent of the work performed on this road project.
The funding is provided by FEMA under authority of Section 406 of the Robert T.
Stafford Act.



 The mission of FEMA's Public Assistance Grant Program is to provide assistance
to state, tribal and local governments, and certain types of private nonprofit
organizations so communities can respond to and recover from major disasters or
emergencies declared by the president. Learn more about FEMA's Public Assistance
at http://www.fema.gov/public-assistance-local-state-tribal-and-non-profit.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              56 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 21, 2015 Monday

Washington: FEMA Awards $63.6 million to New Mexico for Road Repairs in Eddy
County

LENGTH: 385  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Federal Emergency Management Agency has issued the following news
release:



 The Federal Emergency Management Agency recently awarded more than $63.6
million to the state of New Mexico for road repairs and hazard mitigation as a
result of severe storms and flooding in September 2014. A federal disaster
declaration (DR-4199-NM) designated eight counties eligible for Public
Assistance grants.





 This award provides $63,602,780 in federal funding to Eddy County for permanent
repairs and hazard mitigation to 24 aggregate, asphalt, and chip-and-seal
roadways. A total of 111 miles of county roads sustained base and surface
erosion due to flooding.



 The FEMA grant includes more than $35.3 million for permanent road repairs.
Another $28.3 million in funding is for hazard mitigation - measures taken to
avoid future damage from flooding. This funding is provided to raise the
roadways where additional elevation will prevent the road from becoming a water
drainage channel.



 "We are committed to working with our state partners to assist communities as
they recover from natural disasters and rebuild critical infrastructure," said
FEMA Region 6 Administrator Tony Robinson. "This grant will help Eddy County
rebuild roads to withstand flood waters in the future."



 FEMA obligates funding for this project directly to the New Mexico Department
of Homeland Security and Emergency Management. Following the state's review
process and upon receipt of appropriate documentation, it will provide funds to
Eddy County on a reimbursable basis.



 FEMA Public Assistance grants pay the federal share of the eligible costs for
the work and will cover 75 percent of the work performed on this road project.
The funding is provided by FEMA under authority of Section 406 of the Robert T.
Stafford Act.



 The mission of FEMA's Public Assistance Grant Program is to provide assistance
to state, tribal and local governments, and certain types of private nonprofit
organizations so communities can respond to and recover from major disasters or
emergencies declared by the president. Learn more about FEMA's Public Assistance
at http://www.fema.gov/public-assistance-local-state-tribal-and-non-profit.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              57 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 12, 2016 Friday

IDB supports Belize with emergency assistance in response to Hurricane Earl

LENGTH: 169  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Inter-American Development Bank has issued the following news
release:



 The Inter- American Development Bank will support the Government of Belize's
efforts to provide humanitarian assistance to communities affected by Hurricane
Earl with a US$200,000 grant.





 The objective of the grant is to support the National Emergency Management
Organization's (NEMO) efforts to assist vulnerable populations in communities
damaged by high winds and floods in various parts of the country.



 Based on NEMO's initial assessment of the most immediate needs, the Bank's
assistance will support Government efforts to provide the required relief in the
hardest hit communities in the Belize, Cayo, Orange Walk and Stann Creek
Districts.



 The funds will be used for food supplies, potable water, materials for
temporary shelters, transportation costs, and medicine, among other emergency
relief items.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              58 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 15, 2014 Monday

Michigan: Northern Michigan, U.P. communities impacted by deep freeze eligible
for $7.5 million in aid

LENGTH: 760  words

DATELINE: Lansing


Public Service Commission, The State of Michigan has issued the following news
release:

Gov. Rick Snyder today said the state is moving swiftly to inform 32 communities
in northern Michigan and the Upper Peninsula of their eligibility for assistance
in repairing critical infrastructure damaged during last winter's deep freeze.
The communities, which applied last month for federal Community Development
Block Grant (CDBG) program support, are being advised of potential funding for
their projects.

"Many of our northern communities on both sides of the bridge were hit hard by
the deep freeze and need help," Snyder said. "The damage to critical water and
sewer mains poses serious threats as the coming winter approaches. Our priority
is to get these funds into eligible communities to allow them to begin repairs
or reimburse them for work already underway."

In July, Snyder announced an initial $6 million in assistance for Upper and
Lower Peninsula counties that had declared a local emergency declaration or
received a governor's emergency declaration after sustaining heavy
infrastructure damage due to extremely cold temperatures and deep frost levels
last winter.

The Deep Freeze program, administered by the Michigan Economic Development
Corp., (MEDC), has sent letters and emails to applicant communities to provide
them an update on the status of their applications. When the process is
completed and all required information is submitted, MEDC will seek any
necessary additional funding through the Michigan Strategic Fund to total this
$7.5 million in eligible projects.

Thirty-two communities in 12 counties - Alger, Charlevoix, Cheboygan, Chippewa,
Delta, Emmet, Gogebic, Houghton, Iron, Luce, Mackinac and Marquette - are
eligible to receive the CDBG funds to repair damaged water and sewer mains,
roads and other vital infrastructure.

Each community will be required to provide written certification that the funds
it receives will address damage that occurred to public infrastructure resulted
directly from the extreme weather conditions between Nov. 1, 2013, and June 1,
2014. The communities must respond to this commitment letter by Tuesday, Sept.
16 at 5 p.m. Two weeks later, on Sept. 30, communities that continue in the
program must submit documentation to complete the application process and CDBG
compliance items.

In addition to the Deep Freeze CDBG, Snyder has opened an application period for
the Disaster and Emergency Contingency Fund through the Michigan State Police,
Emergency Management and Homeland Security Division (MSP/EMHSD) to potentially
provide financial assistance to northern Michigan and U.P. communities impacted
by last winter's deep freeze. Charlevoix, Cheboygan, Chippewa, Delta, Emmet,
Gogebic, Luce, Mackinac and Marquette counties and their respective communities
are eligible to apply due to receiving a governor's emergency declaration.

Eligible counties and communities affected by the deep freeze may apply for
assistance grants for up to $100,000 or 10 percent of the previous year's
operating budget, whichever is less.

The Disaster and Emergency Contingency Fund is used when communities demonstrate
an exhaustion of local resources during a disaster or emergency. The money can
be applied toward the immediate prevention, response and recovery of a disaster
or emergency and may cover overtime for public employees, contracts used during
the response, shelter supplies, gasoline used during the response and repair of
public buildings and infrastructure.

Under extraordinary circumstances, the governor may authorize reimbursement from
the Disaster and Emergency Contingency Fund to provide state assistance to
counties and municipalities when federal assistance is not available. For more
information, affected communities are encouraged to contact their local
emergency management coordinators.

MEDC will continue to work with the MSP/EMHSD to ensure a coordinated response
to deep freeze issues in the Upper and Lower Peninsulas.

Snyder declared a "state of emergency" on April 17 for Marquette County to
ensure all possible state resources, in accordance with the Michigan Emergency
Management Plan, would be provided to assist the local response to the damage
caused by last winter's extremely cold temperatures and deep frost levels. On
May 7, the emergency declaration was amended to include Charlevoix, Cheboygan,
Chippewa, Delta, Emmet, Gogebic, Luce and Mackinac counties.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com/minewswire

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              59 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 17, 2016 Saturday

Washington: Reed Helps Pass Water Projects Bill to Benefit RI

LENGTH: 1253  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Jack Reed has issued the following news
release:



 Today, the U.S. Senate voted 95-3 to pass a bipartisan Water Resources
Development Act (WRDA) that includes key provisions authored by U.S. Senator
Jack Reed to enhance water infrastructure and reduce the threat of lead
poisoning in Rhode Island and communities nationwide.





 "Investing in clean water infrastructure must be a priority and the federal
government needs to be a reliable partner when it comes to maintaining healthy,
safe water in our communities.  This bill is an important step toward
modernizing our water infrastructure and protecting public health and the
environment.  We have seen the tragedy in Flint, Michigan unfold and we know
what devastating effects can result when water is not properly treated or the
point source is improperly altered.  Congress must wisely allocate resources to
ensure that doesn't happen again.  I urge the House to swiftly take up and pass
this bipartisan bill," said Reed, who serves on the Appropriations Committee.



 The $10.6 billion in authorizations includes $4.9 billion for Environment
Protection Agency (EPA) drinking water infrastructure programs, including
authorization of grants of up to $300 million over five years for communities to
replace lead service lines, and $1.4 billion in grants over five years for small
and low-income communities to comply with the Safe Drinking Water Act.  The bill
also appropriates over $250 million to deal with lead exposure nationwide, $100
million of which will focus mainly on Flint, Michigan, which is working to
rebuild its lead-tainted drinking water system and address a public health
emergency.  Senator Reed helped spearhead efforts to enhance drinking-water
infrastructure programs in Rhode Island and nationwide, including:



 $70 million in Water Infrastructure Finance and Innovation Act (WIFIA) credit
subsidies which could be used to create a pool of $700 million in low-interest
financing for water infrastructure projects through a newly created fund.



 $100 million Drinking Water State Revolving Fund (DWSRF): Authorizes $100
million to the DWSRF for subsidized loans and grants to any state that has
received an emergency declaration under the Stafford Act due to a public health
threat from lead or other contaminants in a public drinking water system. A
state must submit to EPA a detailed report on how the funding would be used to
address the public health emergency.



 "Drinking water is not the only source of lead contamination," Reed noted.  "
Communities across the country are finding lead contamination in their soil and
in the paint within their homes.  In fact, lead-based paint is the leading cause
of lead poisoning in children.  Sadly, this is nothing new, and too often it is
low-income families and communities that experience this problem.  This issue
has long been a concern of mine.  My home state of Rhode Island has the fourth
oldest housing stock in the country.  For the past two decades, I have
undertaken initiatives to address lead-based paint hazards.  I have pushed for
increased funding for housing and public health programs to better track lead
hazards and then remediate those hazards within homes for low-income families.
While these investments have been significant, more must be done."



 Reed also led efforts to include:



 Public Health funding for communities affected by lead: Authorizes $17.5
million for HHS to conduct a health registry to monitor health in a community
with lead contamination in the local drinking water system through the Agency
for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry, or to support an existing registry
via a grant or contract.  Also provides $2.5 million to create an advisory
committee to review federal efforts related to lead poisoning programming,
research, and services, and to make recommendations to Congress and the
Administration on how to improve health, education, and nutrition responses.



 $100 million over the next five years to improve lead testing in school and
child care drinking water grant program.  The Rhode Island Infrastructure Bank
and the Rhode Island Department of Education may both benefit from these federal
funds.



 $10 million over the next two years for the CDC Childhood Lead Poisoning
Prevention Fund, which develops programs, provides outreach to the public and
health providers, supports research, and funds state programs to address and
prevent childhood lead poisoning.



 $10 million over the next two years for the HUD Healthy Homes Program, which
provides grants to states to identify and mitigate a variety of environmental
health and safety issues such as lead, mold, carbon monoxide, and radon.



 $10 million over the next two years for the HHS Healthy Start Initiative, which
provides assistance to pregnant women and new mothers by helping connect them
with health care and other resources to foster healthy childhood development.



 The Senate-passed bill also includes language from Senator Reed's High Hazard
Potential Small Dam Safety Act (S. 2835).  This bipartisan legislation seeks to
provide federal grant assistance for the rehabilitation and repair of
non-federal high hazard potential dams.  The Senate-passed WRDA bill authorizes
$445 million over ten years for a new FEMA program to rehabilitate high hazard
dams which pose a clear safety risk.  The new FEMA program makes high hazard
potential dams eligible for grant assistance and would provide Rhode Island up
to $700,000 per year to help inspect, repair, and rehabilitate high hazard dams.




 "Dams are a crucial part of our infrastructure and dam safety is critical to
public safety.  But many communities lack the funding and resources to keep
local dams in safe condition.  This bipartisan bill will help provide federal
grant assistance for high hazard potential dams in need of rehabilitation.  By
assisting in the repair or removal of high hazard dams before they fail, the
bill makes an investment in future cost savings, not to mention lives and
property saved," said Senator Reed, who noted that according to the 2013
National Inventory of Dams, Rhode Island has 236 dams, 78 of which are
classified as high hazard potential, wherein dam failure is probable to cause
loss of human life, and could qualify for the new program.



 Reed also worked with U.S. Senator Sheldon Whitehouse (D-RI) to include
language to clean up marine debris and abandoned Army Corps projects in
Narragansett Bay by expanding the Corps' authority to remove obstructions
adjacent to federal navigation channels.



 Additionally, the bill reauthorizes the Water Resources Research Act, which
allows the U.S. Geological Survey to provide grants to colleges and
universities, including the University of Rhode Island, to support research to
improve water supply, address water quality, and train researchers.



 Lastly, the bill requires a study of the Army Corps' policies on aquaculture in
certain areas of the country.



 "Shellfish aquaculture is something we do well in Rhode Island, where there is
an excellent relationship with the Corps and where the industry continues to
grow.  I hope the studies authorized in this bill will be informed by our
state's very productive experience," concluded Reed.



 Now that the bill has passed the U.S. Senate with overwhelming bipartisan
support, it must be considered by the U.S. House of Representatives.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              60 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 17, 2016 Saturday

Washington: Reed Helps Pass Water Projects Bill to Benefit RI

LENGTH: 1253  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Jack Reed has issued the following news
release:



 Today, the U.S. Senate voted 95-3 to pass a bipartisan Water Resources
Development Act (WRDA) that includes key provisions authored by U.S. Senator
Jack Reed to enhance water infrastructure and reduce the threat of lead
poisoning in Rhode Island and communities nationwide.





 "Investing in clean water infrastructure must be a priority and the federal
government needs to be a reliable partner when it comes to maintaining healthy,
safe water in our communities.  This bill is an important step toward
modernizing our water infrastructure and protecting public health and the
environment.  We have seen the tragedy in Flint, Michigan unfold and we know
what devastating effects can result when water is not properly treated or the
point source is improperly altered.  Congress must wisely allocate resources to
ensure that doesn't happen again.  I urge the House to swiftly take up and pass
this bipartisan bill," said Reed, who serves on the Appropriations Committee.



 The $10.6 billion in authorizations includes $4.9 billion for Environment
Protection Agency (EPA) drinking water infrastructure programs, including
authorization of grants of up to $300 million over five years for communities to
replace lead service lines, and $1.4 billion in grants over five years for small
and low-income communities to comply with the Safe Drinking Water Act.  The bill
also appropriates over $250 million to deal with lead exposure nationwide, $100
million of which will focus mainly on Flint, Michigan, which is working to
rebuild its lead-tainted drinking water system and address a public health
emergency.  Senator Reed helped spearhead efforts to enhance drinking-water
infrastructure programs in Rhode Island and nationwide, including:



 $70 million in Water Infrastructure Finance and Innovation Act (WIFIA) credit
subsidies which could be used to create a pool of $700 million in low-interest
financing for water infrastructure projects through a newly created fund.



 $100 million Drinking Water State Revolving Fund (DWSRF): Authorizes $100
million to the DWSRF for subsidized loans and grants to any state that has
received an emergency declaration under the Stafford Act due to a public health
threat from lead or other contaminants in a public drinking water system. A
state must submit to EPA a detailed report on how the funding would be used to
address the public health emergency.



 "Drinking water is not the only source of lead contamination," Reed noted.  "
Communities across the country are finding lead contamination in their soil and
in the paint within their homes.  In fact, lead-based paint is the leading cause
of lead poisoning in children.  Sadly, this is nothing new, and too often it is
low-income families and communities that experience this problem.  This issue
has long been a concern of mine.  My home state of Rhode Island has the fourth
oldest housing stock in the country.  For the past two decades, I have
undertaken initiatives to address lead-based paint hazards.  I have pushed for
increased funding for housing and public health programs to better track lead
hazards and then remediate those hazards within homes for low-income families.
While these investments have been significant, more must be done."



 Reed also led efforts to include:



 Public Health funding for communities affected by lead: Authorizes $17.5
million for HHS to conduct a health registry to monitor health in a community
with lead contamination in the local drinking water system through the Agency
for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry, or to support an existing registry
via a grant or contract.  Also provides $2.5 million to create an advisory
committee to review federal efforts related to lead poisoning programming,
research, and services, and to make recommendations to Congress and the
Administration on how to improve health, education, and nutrition responses.



 $100 million over the next five years to improve lead testing in school and
child care drinking water grant program.  The Rhode Island Infrastructure Bank
and the Rhode Island Department of Education may both benefit from these federal
funds.



 $10 million over the next two years for the CDC Childhood Lead Poisoning
Prevention Fund, which develops programs, provides outreach to the public and
health providers, supports research, and funds state programs to address and
prevent childhood lead poisoning.



 $10 million over the next two years for the HUD Healthy Homes Program, which
provides grants to states to identify and mitigate a variety of environmental
health and safety issues such as lead, mold, carbon monoxide, and radon.



 $10 million over the next two years for the HHS Healthy Start Initiative, which
provides assistance to pregnant women and new mothers by helping connect them
with health care and other resources to foster healthy childhood development.



 The Senate-passed bill also includes language from Senator Reed's High Hazard
Potential Small Dam Safety Act (S. 2835).  This bipartisan legislation seeks to
provide federal grant assistance for the rehabilitation and repair of
non-federal high hazard potential dams.  The Senate-passed WRDA bill authorizes
$445 million over ten years for a new FEMA program to rehabilitate high hazard
dams which pose a clear safety risk.  The new FEMA program makes high hazard
potential dams eligible for grant assistance and would provide Rhode Island up
to $700,000 per year to help inspect, repair, and rehabilitate high hazard dams.




 "Dams are a crucial part of our infrastructure and dam safety is critical to
public safety.  But many communities lack the funding and resources to keep
local dams in safe condition.  This bipartisan bill will help provide federal
grant assistance for high hazard potential dams in need of rehabilitation.  By
assisting in the repair or removal of high hazard dams before they fail, the
bill makes an investment in future cost savings, not to mention lives and
property saved," said Senator Reed, who noted that according to the 2013
National Inventory of Dams, Rhode Island has 236 dams, 78 of which are
classified as high hazard potential, wherein dam failure is probable to cause
loss of human life, and could qualify for the new program.



 Reed also worked with U.S. Senator Sheldon Whitehouse (D-RI) to include
language to clean up marine debris and abandoned Army Corps projects in
Narragansett Bay by expanding the Corps' authority to remove obstructions
adjacent to federal navigation channels.



 Additionally, the bill reauthorizes the Water Resources Research Act, which
allows the U.S. Geological Survey to provide grants to colleges and
universities, including the University of Rhode Island, to support research to
improve water supply, address water quality, and train researchers.



 Lastly, the bill requires a study of the Army Corps' policies on aquaculture in
certain areas of the country.



 "Shellfish aquaculture is something we do well in Rhode Island, where there is
an excellent relationship with the Corps and where the industry continues to
grow.  I hope the studies authorized in this bill will be informed by our
state's very productive experience," concluded Reed.



 Now that the bill has passed the U.S. Senate with overwhelming bipartisan
support, it must be considered by the U.S. House of Representatives.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              61 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 19, 2015 Thursday

Capps Announces Drought-Related Grant for City of Guadalupe

LENGTH: 327  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the House of Representative Lois Capps, U.S Government has issued the
following news release:

Rep. Lois Capps announced that the City of Guadalupe received a $347,000 grant
from the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Emergency Community Water Assistance
Grant program.

As a result of the ongoing drought, Guadalupe has lost its surface water supply
source and ground water levels continue to fall. Current conditions have made it
necessary to impose emergency restrictions resulting in an unsafe environment
because of the lack of fire protection. The grant will be used to restore
sufficient water levels to the city by bringing a second well online. The grant
will also allow the city to link its well to a processing facility.

The drought crisis continues to be one of the most urgent problems our state
faces," Capps said. "This grant is the result of collaboration between local and
federal agencies and I'm pleased this funding will help the City of Guadalupe
cope with the ongoing drought by improving the city's water infrastructure."

We are very excited about the grant," said Guadalupe City Administrator Andrew
Carter. "It helps ensure that the City of Guadalupe can continue to provide a
safe drinking water supply to our citizens during time of drought. Currently we
have only one active well tapping the aquifer underlying the City. The emergency
water grant helps us to bring a second well online. That well has been
mothballed for many years. Not only does the funding allow us to install new
pumps and controls for the well, but it also pays for a pipeline connection that
allows us to link the well to our water processing facility. We are thankful for
the grant and grateful for the assistance provided by local USDA personnel, in
particular Al Correale and Pete Yribarren in Santa Maria and Robert Neilson in
Visalia."

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              62 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 15, 2015 Wednesday

Arkansas: State to host public hearing regarding Five-Year Consolidated Plan

LENGTH: 363  words

DATELINE: Little Rock


Arkansas Department of Education has issued the following news release:

- The State Consolidated Plan Advisory Committee is hosting a public hearing in
an effort to obtain citizen comments on the draft Five-Year Consolidated Plan
and Action Plan outlining the planned use of grant funds during the period from
July 1, 2015, through June 30, 2020.

The hearing will be held Monday, May 4, from 10:30 a.m. to 12:00 p.m. at the
Arkansas Municipal League, 301 W. Second Street, North Little Rock. There is no
cost to attend and registration is not required.

During this meeting state agencies will obtain public comments regarding the
planned allocation of approximately $25 million in Community Development Block
Grant (CDBG), HOME Investment Partnerships Program (HOME), Emergency Solutions
Grant (ESG) and Housing Opportunities for Persons with AIDS (HOPWA) Program
funds for the next program year beginning in July 2015, as well as setting
priorities for the next Five-Year Consolidated Plan.

CDBG grants are targeted to Arkansas's smaller rural communities and have
traditionally been used for senior citizen centers, public health facilities,
childcare centers, fire protection, community facilities, economic development
projects and water/wastewater projects.

HOME grants are used for tenant-based rental assistance (TBRA), rehabilitation
and new housing construction.

ESG awards are used to provide funding for homeless shelters.  Funds can be used
for rehabilitation, homelessness prevention, essential services, maintenance,
and operating costs.

HOPWA funds are used for tenant-based rental assistance, emergency rental
assistance, utility assistance and supportive services for low-income HIV
positive individuals and their families.

The committee is composed of representatives from the U.S. Department of Housing
and Urban Development (HUD), Arkansas Economic Development Commission, Arkansas
Development Finance Authority, Arkansas Department of Health, Arkansas
Department of Human Services, and other organizations who represent those
affected by HUD funds.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              63 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 19, 2015 Thursday

Capps Announces Drought-Related Grant for City of Guadalupe

LENGTH: 327  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the House of Representative Lois Capps, U.S Government has issued the
following news release:

Rep. Lois Capps announced that the City of Guadalupe received a $347,000 grant
from the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Emergency Community Water Assistance
Grant program.

As a result of the ongoing drought, Guadalupe has lost its surface water supply
source and ground water levels continue to fall. Current conditions have made it
necessary to impose emergency restrictions resulting in an unsafe environment
because of the lack of fire protection. The grant will be used to restore
sufficient water levels to the city by bringing a second well online. The grant
will also allow the city to link its well to a processing facility.

The drought crisis continues to be one of the most urgent problems our state
faces," Capps said. "This grant is the result of collaboration between local and
federal agencies and I'm pleased this funding will help the City of Guadalupe
cope with the ongoing drought by improving the city's water infrastructure."

We are very excited about the grant," said Guadalupe City Administrator Andrew
Carter. "It helps ensure that the City of Guadalupe can continue to provide a
safe drinking water supply to our citizens during time of drought. Currently we
have only one active well tapping the aquifer underlying the City. The emergency
water grant helps us to bring a second well online. That well has been
mothballed for many years. Not only does the funding allow us to install new
pumps and controls for the well, but it also pays for a pipeline connection that
allows us to link the well to our water processing facility. We are thankful for
the grant and grateful for the assistance provided by local USDA personnel, in
particular Al Correale and Pete Yribarren in Santa Maria and Robert Neilson in
Visalia."

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              64 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 12, 2014 Friday

Michigan: Northern Michigan, U.P. communities impacted by deep freeze eligible
for $7.5 million in aid

LENGTH: 771  words

DATELINE: Lansing


Public Service Commission, The State of Michigan has issued the following news
release:

Gov. Rick Snyder today said the state is moving swiftly to inform 32 communities
in northern Michigan and the Upper Peninsula of their eligibility for assistance
in repairing critical infrastructure damaged during last winter's deep freeze.
The communities, which applied last month for federal Community Development
Block Grant (CDBG) program support, are being advised of potential funding for
their projects.

"Many of our northern communities on both sides of the bridge were hit hard by
the deep freeze and need help," Snyder said. "The damage to critical water and
sewer mains poses serious threats as the coming winter approaches. Our priority
is to get these funds into eligible communities to allow them to begin repairs
or reimburse them for work already underway."

In July, Snyder announced an initial $6 million in assistance for Upper and
Lower Peninsula counties that had declared a local emergency declaration or
received a governor's emergency declaration after sustaining heavy
infrastructure damage due to extremely cold temperatures and deep frost levels
last winter.

The Deep Freeze program, administered by the Michigan Economic Development
Corp., (MEDC), has sent letters and emails to applicant communities to provide
them an update on the status of their applications. When the process is
completed and all required information is submitted, MEDC will seek any
necessary additional funding through the Michigan Strategic Fund to total this
$7.5 million in eligible projects.

Thirty-two communities in 12 counties - Alger, Charlevoix, Cheboygan, Chippewa,
Delta, Emmet, Gogebic, Houghton, Iron, Luce, Mackinac and Marquette - are
eligible to receive the CDBG funds to repair damaged water and sewer mains,
roads and other vital infrastructure.

Each community will be required to provide written certification that the funds
it receives will address damage that occurred to public infrastructure resulted
directly from the extreme weather conditions between Nov. 1, 2013, and June 1,
2014. The communities must respond to this commitment letter by Tuesday, Sept.
16 at 5 p.m. Two weeks later, on Sept. 30, communities that continue in the
program must submit documentation to complete the application process and CDBG
compliance items.

In addition to the Deep Freeze CDBG, Snyder has opened an application period for
the Disaster and Emergency Contingency Fund through the Michigan State Police,
Emergency Management and Homeland Security Division (MSP/EMHSD) to potentially
provide financial assistance to northern Michigan and U.P. communities impacted
by last winter's deep freeze. Charlevoix, Cheboygan, Chippewa, Delta, Emmet,
Gogebic, Luce, Mackinac and Marquette counties and their respective communities
are eligible to apply due to receiving a governor's emergency declaration.

Eligible counties and communities affected by the deep freeze may apply for
assistance grants for up to $100,000 or 10 percent of the previous year's
operating budget, whichever is less.

The Disaster and Emergency Contingency Fund is used when communities demonstrate
an exhaustion of local resources during a disaster or emergency. The money can
be applied toward the immediate prevention, response and recovery of a disaster
or emergency and may cover overtime for public employees, contracts used during
the response, shelter supplies, gasoline used during the response and repair of
public buildings and infrastructure.

Under extraordinary circumstances, the governor may authorize reimbursement from
the Disaster and Emergency Contingency Fund to provide state assistance to
counties and municipalities when federal assistance is not available. For more
information, affected communities are encouraged to contact their local
emergency management coordinators.

MEDC will continue to work with the MSP/EMHSD to ensure a coordinated response
to deep freeze issues in the Upper and Lower Peninsulas.

Snyder declared a "state of emergency" on April 17 for Marquette County to
ensure all possible state resources, in accordance with the Michigan Emergency
Management Plan, would be provided to assist the local response to the damage
caused by last winter's extremely cold temperatures and deep frost levels. On
May 7, the emergency declaration was amended to include Charlevoix, Cheboygan,
Chippewa, Delta, Emmet, Gogebic, Luce and Mackinac counties.

Below is a list of communities and their eligible funding totals.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com/minewswire

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              65 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      The Gold Coast Bulletin (Australia)

                             October 1, 2007 Monday
                                  Main Edition

Howard bails out drought-affected farmers

SECTION: Pg. 18

LENGTH: 607  words


Prime Minister John Howard writes on why busting the drought is a national
priority

THE drought we had all prayed would end is back with a vengeance.

It is a sad fact that today, about 65 per cent of Australia's viable
agricultural land is drought declared.

In a cruel blow, much hoped for spring rains have not eventuated and where it
has rained, it has not been enough to save faltering crops.

The heartache this brings to farmers, their families and communities is profound
and palpable. We will not stand back and watch as families and regional towns
are ripped apart.

We cannot make it rain, but there are things we can do, and are doing, to ease
the burden.

That is why I announced an additional $714 million in drought assistance
measures to support farmers.

The package is substantial and comprehensive. It is designed to both support
those who want to stay on the land, through a widening of eligibility for
exceptional circumstances aid, thereby protecting our agricultural production
base, while providing a dignified exit for those who can no longer make a living
from it.

It is just compensation for the effects of a drought of epic proportions and
recognises the special place of farmers in Australian culture, and in our
economy.

It was on top of the $430m announced the previous week to extend the 38 areas of
agricultural production receiving exceptional circumstances (EC) assistance
until September, 2008, and it is in addition to the $2.8 billion in drought
assistance and business, welfare assistance and support since 2001.

The measures the government announced a few days ago include:

* increasing off-farm income exemption from $10,000 to $20,000;

* an increase to the off-farm assets limit for access to exceptional
circumstances interest rate subsidy from $473,000 to $750,000;

* immediate access to $5000 professional advice and planning grants for farmers
in EC declared areas;

* extending the eligibility of small business access to EC assistance, to
include all small businesses in towns of up to 10,000 population which rely on
farmers for their income and have experienced a downturn;

* grants up to $20,000 to Murray Darling Basin irrigators to implement water
management strategies;

* an exit grant of up to $150,000 for farmers who decide to leave the land, and
an increase in the assets limit to access this grant to $350,000;

* a further $10,000 for advice and retraining and up to $10,000 for relocation
expenses for those who take up the exit grant;

* information workshops to help irrigators manage their farm businesses with
reduced water allocations;

* funding for an additional 13 rural financial counsellors, another 10
Centrelink rural support officers, and five social workers;

* social and emotional counselling via the establishment of 25 family support
drought response teams;

* increasing by $1000 the assistance for isolated children additional boarding
allowance and an ongoing supplementary allowance of $1,000 for all students
receiving the AIC distance education allowance;

* providing up to $10,000 extra per school in EC declared areas;

* an additional $4.5m for the emergency relief program to community and
charitable organisations to provide emergency assistance.

We have only been able to provide this assistance as a result of the continuing
strength of the Australian economy. Australia's 130,000 farmers contribute more
than $100 billion a year to the nation's GDP, so it is only right that we should
help those who contribute so much to our own well being.

We need to do whatever we can to maintain a robust agricultural sector, and we
will.

We can afford to do it. Likewise, we cannot afford not to do it.

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GCB


                   Copyright 2007 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              66 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Idaho Business Review (Boise, ID)

                               February 18, 2009

Idaho Gov. Otter will review stimulus for a month before spending decisions

BYLINE: IBR Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 693  words


Gov. C.L. "Butch" Otter issued an executive order Tuesday that will give him
more than a month to review how Idaho can best spend its share of the $789
billion federal stimulus plan signed earlier that day by President Barack Obama.

The governor asked state agencies to submit information by March 4 on how they
anticipate using the money. He will also appoint a "stimulus executive
committee" to make recommendations by March 19.

The Center for American Progress estimates that a total of $2.46 billion in
federal spending and tax cuts will reach Idaho from the American Recovery and
Reinvestment Plan. The White House estimates this will create 17,000 jobs in the
state.

"There remain a lot of unknowns here," Otter said in a statement. "It will take
a lot of work to get our arms around all the implications of this law. We need
to make sure safeguards are in place and that every 'i' is dotted and 't' is
crossed. This is taxpayer money, and all of us are committed to seeing it used
in the most effective and efficient way possible. "

The executive order says that priority will be given to federal funds allocated
for one-time projects and for reducing the need for general fund dollars over
the next couple years without increasing future spending obligations.

Otter has 45 days to submit a request to the federal government.

"I appreciate the governor's leadership, and the meticulous way all the
implications of this complex federal law are being evaluated," said Sen. Dean
Cameron, R-Rupert and co-chairman of the Legislature's budget-setting Joint
Finance-Appropriations Committee, in the statement. "The way we are working
together on this issue should give all Idahoans a lot of confidence that we are
doing it right. "

Here's a breakdown of some of the federal money Idaho could receive under the
stimulus plan, according to the Democratic Policy Committee:

* $19.7 million for drinking water infrastructure through the Drinking Water
State Revolving Fund

* $19.5 for clean water infrastructure through the Clean Water State Revolving
Fund

* $181.9 million in highway funding through the Surface Transportation Program

* $18.4 million in Transit Formula Funding for investments in mass transit

* $1.5 million through the Public Housing Capital Fund to enable local public
housing agencies to address a backlog in capital needs

* $8.9 million in HOME Funding to enable state and local government, in
partnership with community-based organizations, to acquire, construct, and
rehabilitate affordable housing and provide rental assistance to poor families

* $5 million through the Homelessness Prevention Fund for activities including
short or medium-term rental assistance, first and last month's rental payment or
utility payments.

* $197.2 million through the State Fiscal Stabilization Fund to local school
districts and public colleges and universities

* $53.2 million for Special Education Part B State Grants

* $3.1 million in education technology funds

* $42.3 million for Title I Education for the Disadvantaged

* $3.6 million in State Employment Service Grants to match unemployed
individuals to job openings

* $1.9 million in Dislocated Workers State Grants

* $1.2 million for Department of Labor's Adult State Grants

* $2.9 million for Department of Labor's Youth State Grants

* $2.8 million for vocational rehabilitation

* Money to modernize 412 schools

* Pell Grants for 39,000 students

* $28.4 million through the State Energy Program

* $31 million through the Weatherization Assistance Program

* $469,293 for National School Lunch Program Equipment Assistance

* $400,239 through the Emergency Food Assistance Program

* $72.5 million in Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program benefits (formerly
food stamps)

* $268,562 for the Emergency Food and Shelter Program

* $11.9 million in Child Care and Development Block Grants

* $2.7 million for Head Start

* $5 million in Community Services Block Grants to local community action
agencies

* $500,000 for Senior Meals Programs

* $11.4 million in Byrne/JAG grants to support law enforcement efforts

* $403,670 in Internet Crimes Against Children Grants

* $1.3 million in Violence Against Women Grants for victim services programs

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              67 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The Wimmera Farmer

                          September 17, 2016 Saturday
                                Internet Edition

Flood relief grants for Donald | Video, Photos

BYLINE: Erin McFadden

LENGTH: 297 words


Related:

EMERGENCY services met with the Donald community on Friday as flood water
continued to rise.

It came after Premier Daniel Andrews announced assistance grants would be
available for Buloke Shire residents.

The Richardson River started flowing over Camp Street in Donald on Friday.

Donald's Harold Flett said the water was running across the low-lying road.

"We had a community meeting with the State Emergency Services and they gave us
some information about the river heights at the Rich Avon Weir and south of
Donald," he said.

"I don't think there is going to be any real problems unless it rains another
two inches."

Mr Flett said some businesses in town had started sandbagging.

"The motel received three feet of water during floods last time around, so they
have sandbags set up," he said.

The town experienced floods in September 2010, December 2010 and a major flood
in January 2011.

Mr Flett said the previous experience with floods meant many residents were more
prepared.

"Or more anxious," he said.

"However, we have more flood height data now so we can see exactly where the
river is at.

"I've looked at the Rich Avon Weir figures and it looks like it hasn't risen in
about six to seven hours.

"It could even be dropping."

Mr Flett said the town had 84 millimetres of rain between September 8 and
Thursday.

"We aren't panicked yet and my thoughts are that the water is not going to get
up at this stage."

Mr Andrews announced the new grants while visiting Charlton on Friday.

"These grants provide assistance to people whose homes have been flood damaged
so that they can clean-up their properties and replace damaged contents," he
said.

Mr Andrews said the state government was closely monitoring the flood situation
and that assistance would be extended to other areas if required.

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2016 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              68 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 25, 2014 Friday

Michigan: Northern Michigan communities receiving $6 million to repair
infrastructure damaged by deep freeze

LENGTH: 341  words

DATELINE: Lansing


Office of Secretary Of State, The State of Michigan has issued the following
news release:

Gov. Rick Snyder today announced $6 million in assistance for six Upper
Peninsula and three northern Lower Peninsula counties that received a "state of
emergency" declaration after sustaining heavy infrastructure damage due to
extremely cold temperatures and deep frost levels last winter.

The nine counties--Charlevoix, Cheboygan, Chippewa, Delta, Emmet, Gogebic, Luce,
Mackinac and Marquette--will be eligible to receive Community Development Block
Grants (CDBG) to repair damaged water and sewer mains, roads and other vital
infrastructure.

"The state is stepping up and assisting our northern Michigan communities to
repair their damaged infrastructure," Snyder said. "Last winter's extremely cold
temperatures and deep frost levels caused millions of dollars in damages. It
makes good sense to begin the repairs as quickly as possible to restore water
and sewer mains and roads in the affected areas."

At a meeting earlier today, the Michigan Strategic Fund (MSF) board approved a
proposal by the Michigan Economic Development Corporation (MEDC) to announce a
competitive round of CDBG funding to assist impacted communities.  The MEDC has
received requests from northern Michigan communities for assistance, and past
projects approved by the MEDC and MSF face some jeopardy if basic infrastructure
is not repaired quickly.

Under terms of the approved proposal, the MSF will award deep freeze funds
through an online competitive Request-for-Proposal (RFP) process.

It requires communities to:

Be non-entitlement under federal CDBG rules;
    Document that they are unable to fund the activities with other funding;
    Have hard infrastructure repairs (water, sewer, and/or road work related to
water/sewer) that occurred after November 1, 2013; and
    Match a minimum of 15 percent of costs and, if eligible, continue the
process to seek Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) funding.


For further information please visit: http://www.michigan.gov/sos/

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              69 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 25, 2014 Friday

Michigan: Northern Michigan communities receiving $6 million to repair
infrastructure damaged by deep freeze

LENGTH: 341  words

DATELINE: Lansing


Office of Secretary Of State, The State of Michigan has issued the following
news release:

Gov. Rick Snyder today announced $6 million in assistance for six Upper
Peninsula and three northern Lower Peninsula counties that received a "state of
emergency" declaration after sustaining heavy infrastructure damage due to
extremely cold temperatures and deep frost levels last winter.

The nine counties--Charlevoix, Cheboygan, Chippewa, Delta, Emmet, Gogebic, Luce,
Mackinac and Marquette--will be eligible to receive Community Development Block
Grants (CDBG) to repair damaged water and sewer mains, roads and other vital
infrastructure.

"The state is stepping up and assisting our northern Michigan communities to
repair their damaged infrastructure," Snyder said. "Last winter's extremely cold
temperatures and deep frost levels caused millions of dollars in damages. It
makes good sense to begin the repairs as quickly as possible to restore water
and sewer mains and roads in the affected areas."

At a meeting earlier today, the Michigan Strategic Fund (MSF) board approved a
proposal by the Michigan Economic Development Corporation (MEDC) to announce a
competitive round of CDBG funding to assist impacted communities.  The MEDC has
received requests from northern Michigan communities for assistance, and past
projects approved by the MEDC and MSF face some jeopardy if basic infrastructure
is not repaired quickly.

Under terms of the approved proposal, the MSF will award deep freeze funds
through an online competitive Request-for-Proposal (RFP) process.

It requires communities to:

Be non-entitlement under federal CDBG rules;
    Document that they are unable to fund the activities with other funding;
    Have hard infrastructure repairs (water, sewer, and/or road work related to
water/sewer) that occurred after November 1, 2013; and
    Match a minimum of 15 percent of costs and, if eligible, continue the
process to seek Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) funding.


For further information please visit: http://www.michigan.gov/sos/

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              70 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 25, 2014 Friday

Michigan: Northern Michigan communities receiving $6 million to repair
infrastructure damaged by deep freeze

LENGTH: 341  words

DATELINE: Lansing


Office of Secretary Of State, The State of Michigan has issued the following
news release:

Gov. Rick Snyder today announced $6 million in assistance for six Upper
Peninsula and three northern Lower Peninsula counties that received a "state of
emergency" declaration after sustaining heavy infrastructure damage due to
extremely cold temperatures and deep frost levels last winter.

The nine counties--Charlevoix, Cheboygan, Chippewa, Delta, Emmet, Gogebic, Luce,
Mackinac and Marquette--will be eligible to receive Community Development Block
Grants (CDBG) to repair damaged water and sewer mains, roads and other vital
infrastructure.

"The state is stepping up and assisting our northern Michigan communities to
repair their damaged infrastructure," Snyder said. "Last winter's extremely cold
temperatures and deep frost levels caused millions of dollars in damages. It
makes good sense to begin the repairs as quickly as possible to restore water
and sewer mains and roads in the affected areas."

At a meeting earlier today, the Michigan Strategic Fund (MSF) board approved a
proposal by the Michigan Economic Development Corporation (MEDC) to announce a
competitive round of CDBG funding to assist impacted communities.  The MEDC has
received requests from northern Michigan communities for assistance, and past
projects approved by the MEDC and MSF face some jeopardy if basic infrastructure
is not repaired quickly.

Under terms of the approved proposal, the MSF will award deep freeze funds
through an online competitive Request-for-Proposal (RFP) process.

It requires communities to:

Be non-entitlement under federal CDBG rules;
    Document that they are unable to fund the activities with other funding;
    Have hard infrastructure repairs (water, sewer, and/or road work related to
water/sewer) that occurred after November 1, 2013; and
    Match a minimum of 15 percent of costs and, if eligible, continue the
process to seek Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) funding.


For further information please visit: http://www.michigan.gov/sos/

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              71 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Wimmera Mail-Times

                           September 19, 2016 Monday
                           Print & Internet Editions

Flood relief grants for Donald | Video, Photos

BYLINE: Erin McFadden

SECTION: INSIDE FRONT; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 346 words


EMERGENCY services met with the Donald community on Friday as flood water
continued to rise.

It came after Premier Daniel Andrews announced assistance grants would be
available for Buloke Shire residents.

The Richardson River started flowing over Camp Street in Donald on Friday.

Donald's Harold Flett said the water was running across the low-lying road.

"We had a community meeting with the State Emergency Services and they gave us
some information about the river heights at the Rich Avon Weir and south of
Donald," he said.

"I don't think there is going to be any real problems unless it rains another
two inches."

Mr Flett said some businesses in town had started sandbagging.

"The motel received three feet of water during floods last time around, so they
have sandbags set up," he said.

The town experienced floods in September 2010, December 2010 and a major flood
in January 2011.

Mr Flett said the previous experience with floods meant many residents were more
prepared.

"Or more anxious," he said.

"However, we have more flood height data now so we can see exactly where the
river is at.

"I've looked at the Rich-Avon Weir figures and it looks like it hasn't risen in
about six to seven hours.

"It could even be dropping."

Mr Flett said the town had 84 millimetres of rain between September 8 and
Thursday.

"We aren't panicked yet and my thoughts are that the water is not going to get
up at this stage."

Mr Andrews announced the new grants while visiting Charlton on Friday.

"These grants provide assistance to people whose homes have been flood damaged
so that they can clean-up their properties and replace damaged contents," he
said.

Mr Andrews said the state government was closely monitoring the flood situation
and that assistance would be extended to other areas if required.

Mr Flett said on Sunday that the floodwaters should start to receded in the next
few days and Donald has escaped the more severe flooding seen at Charlton.

"The first sign of water going down has been at Rich-Avon Weir," he said.

"There has been no property damage but the river level will stay high."

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2016 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              72 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Wimmera Mail-Times

                           September 19, 2016 Monday
                           Print & Internet Editions

Flood relief grants for Donald | Video, Photos

BYLINE: Erin McFadden

SECTION: INSIDE FRONT; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 346 words


EMERGENCY services met with the Donald community on Friday as flood water
continued to rise.

It came after Premier Daniel Andrews announced assistance grants would be
available for Buloke Shire residents.

The Richardson River started flowing over Camp Street in Donald on Friday.

Donald's Harold Flett said the water was running across the low-lying road.

"We had a community meeting with the State Emergency Services and they gave us
some information about the river heights at the Rich Avon Weir and south of
Donald," he said.

"I don't think there is going to be any real problems unless it rains another
two inches."

Mr Flett said some businesses in town had started sandbagging.

"The motel received three feet of water during floods last time around, so they
have sandbags set up," he said.

The town experienced floods in September 2010, December 2010 and a major flood
in January 2011.

Mr Flett said the previous experience with floods meant many residents were more
prepared.

"Or more anxious," he said.

"However, we have more flood height data now so we can see exactly where the
river is at.

"I've looked at the Rich-Avon Weir figures and it looks like it hasn't risen in
about six to seven hours.

"It could even be dropping."

Mr Flett said the town had 84 millimetres of rain between September 8 and
Thursday.

"We aren't panicked yet and my thoughts are that the water is not going to get
up at this stage."

Mr Andrews announced the new grants while visiting Charlton on Friday.

"These grants provide assistance to people whose homes have been flood damaged
so that they can clean-up their properties and replace damaged contents," he
said.

Mr Andrews said the state government was closely monitoring the flood situation
and that assistance would be extended to other areas if required.

Mr Flett said on Sunday that the floodwaters should start to receded in the next
few days and Donald has escaped the more severe flooding seen at Charlton.

"The first sign of water going down has been at Rich-Avon Weir," he said.

"There has been no property damage but the river level will stay high."

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2016 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              73 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Wimmera Mail-Times

                           September 19, 2016 Monday
                           Print & Internet Editions

Flood relief grants for Donald | Video, Photos

BYLINE: Erin McFadden

SECTION: INSIDE FRONT; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 346 words


EMERGENCY services met with the Donald community on Friday as flood water
continued to rise.

It came after Premier Daniel Andrews announced assistance grants would be
available for Buloke Shire residents.

The Richardson River started flowing over Camp Street in Donald on Friday.

Donald's Harold Flett said the water was running across the low-lying road.

"We had a community meeting with the State Emergency Services and they gave us
some information about the river heights at the Rich Avon Weir and south of
Donald," he said.

"I don't think there is going to be any real problems unless it rains another
two inches."

Mr Flett said some businesses in town had started sandbagging.

"The motel received three feet of water during floods last time around, so they
have sandbags set up," he said.

The town experienced floods in September 2010, December 2010 and a major flood
in January 2011.

Mr Flett said the previous experience with floods meant many residents were more
prepared.

"Or more anxious," he said.

"However, we have more flood height data now so we can see exactly where the
river is at.

"I've looked at the Rich-Avon Weir figures and it looks like it hasn't risen in
about six to seven hours.

"It could even be dropping."

Mr Flett said the town had 84 millimetres of rain between September 8 and
Thursday.

"We aren't panicked yet and my thoughts are that the water is not going to get
up at this stage."

Mr Andrews announced the new grants while visiting Charlton on Friday.

"These grants provide assistance to people whose homes have been flood damaged
so that they can clean-up their properties and replace damaged contents," he
said.

Mr Andrews said the state government was closely monitoring the flood situation
and that assistance would be extended to other areas if required.

Mr Flett said on Sunday that the floodwaters should start to receded in the next
few days and Donald has escaped the more severe flooding seen at Charlton.

"The first sign of water going down has been at Rich-Avon Weir," he said.

"There has been no property damage but the river level will stay high."

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2016 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              74 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 21, 2015 Saturday

Washington: FEMA Public Assistance Grants to Help Washington Communities Recover
from Wildfires

LENGTH: 488 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Federal Emergency Management Agency has issued the following news
release:



 Specialists from the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) and Washington
State Emergency Management Division (EMD) are working closely with local and
tribal officials to help Washington communities recover from this summer's
devastating wildfires.





 The assistance comes through the Public Assistance (PA) program, which
reimburses state and local governments, federally recognized tribes and certain
private nonprofit organizations for eligible expenses they incurred in
protecting lives and property ahead of and during the fires, and in cleaning up
and rebuilding afterward.



 The presidential disaster declaration stemming from the Aug. 9 to Sept. 10,
2015, wildfires makes FEMA PA grants available to eligible applicants in Chelan,
Ferry, Lincoln, Okanogan, Pend Oreille, Stevens, Whatcom, and Yakima counties
and the Confederated Tribes of the Colville Reservation.



 &ldquo;This program is important to Washington taxpayers,&rdquo; said State
Coordinating Officer Kurt Hardin of EMD. &ldquo;It provides financial assistance
that enables our communities to repair and rebuild without putting an additional
burden on residents.  We welcome partnering with FEMA to assist communities
impacted by the historic wildfires. &rdquo;



 &ldquo;The PA program strengthens communities that do not have the resources to
bounce back from a disaster,&rdquo; said Federal Coordinating Officer Thomas
Dargan of FEMA. &ldquo;The funds help to repair the roads people use every day
getting to work and school, put utilities and water systems back in order, and
ensure a community's other important public needs are met.&rdquo;



 To date, 34 potential applicants have filed a Request for Public Assistance
(RPA) to initiate a disaster claim under the Oct. 20 disaster declaration.
Applicants have until Nov. 19 to file RPAs with the Washington Emergency
Management Division.



 The EMD, with FEMA support, is holding a series of briefings for potential
applicants to provide a general overview of the grant program, outline program
deadlines and answer any questions.



 Also taking place are initial meetings among applicants and project officers
from EMD and FEMA to discuss which types of emergency expenses and projects are
federally reimbursable. They also discuss the process of rebuilding structures
to resist damage in the future.



 These meetings are an important step in getting assistance dollars back into
the communities.



 Under the PA program, FEMA reimburses applicants for 75 percent of their
eligible expenses, while the other 25 percent is the nonfederal share. The
federal portion is paid directly to the state, which then makes disbursements to
the local and tribal jurisdictions and organizations that incurred costs.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              75 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                            April 2, 2008 Wednesday
                               WEST/SOUTH EDITION

USDA assistance to benefit Hardwick and Leicester

BYLINE: TELEGRAM & GAZETTE STAFF

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. B8

LENGTH: 412 words


The U.S. Department of Agriculture has awarded nearly $3.6 million for four
projects in Central Massachusetts, David Tuttle, the agency's rural development
director for Massachusetts, Connecticut and Rhode Island, announced yesterday.

The USDA awarded:

A $2 million loan to Paxton for the design and construction of a public safety
complex, which will house the Police Department, Fire Department and ambulance,
and emergency management services. Paxton's police station is located in
1,920-square-foot building that was built in 1965 and was initially a hair
salon.

According to Rural Development officials, the new public safety complex will
have 23,575 square feet and will be built on the current site of the Paxton Fire
Department,

A loan and grant to the Hillcrest Water District, which supplies water to 370
customers in Leicester.

The low-interest loan will be for $314,000 to be repaid over 40 years and the
grant will be for $36,000. The money will be used to build a water treatment
plant. The water district is under a state Department of Environmental
Protection order to remove contaminants from the water supply. The money will
allow the water district to incorporate water treatment technology that will
remove arsenic, uranium and other contaminants from Leicester's water supply.
Individual "mini" water treatment facilities will also be built at each well
location to house the treatment equipment.

A $30,798 Rural Business Enterprise Grant to the Greater Gardner Community
Development Corporation to provide technical assistance to 30 small and emerging
businesses. The development corporation serves Gardner, Ashburnham, Hubbardston,
Templeton, Westminster and Winchendon. One of its key missions is to provide
assistance, training and loan products to startup businesses and
micro-enterprises.

U.S. Rep. John W. Olver, D-Amherst, said, "Over the past two decades, many of
Gardner's large manufacturing businesses have relocated or closed, making it
more important than ever that its small businesses succeed. This grant will help
the Greater Gardner CDC ensure that they have the tools necessary to do just
that."

A $326,000 low-interest loan and a $137,000 grant to Hardwick, which the town
will use for cost overruns associated with upgrades to the Wheelwright
Wastewater Treatment Facility.

In 2007, Hardwick received a USDA Rural Development loan of $1,012,000 and a
grant of $432,000 for the original upgrade project at the wastewater treatment
facility.

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2008 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              76 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 24, 2014 Thursday

Michigan: Northern Michigan communities receiving $6 million to repair
infrastructure damaged by deep freeze

LENGTH: 341  words

DATELINE: Lansing


Public Service Commission, The State of Michigan has issued the following news
release:

Gov. Rick Snyder today announced $6 million in assistance for six Upper
Peninsula and three northern Lower Peninsula counties that received a "state of
emergency" declaration after sustaining heavy infrastructure damage due to
extremely cold temperatures and deep frost levels last winter.

The nine counties--Charlevoix, Cheboygan, Chippewa, Delta, Emmet, Gogebic, Luce,
Mackinac and Marquette--will be eligible to receive Community Development Block
Grants (CDBG) to repair damaged water and sewer mains, roads and other vital
infrastructure.

"The state is stepping up and assisting our northern Michigan communities to
repair their damaged infrastructure," Snyder said. "Last winter's extremely cold
temperatures and deep frost levels caused millions of dollars in damages. It
makes good sense to begin the repairs as quickly as possible to restore water
and sewer mains and roads in the affected areas."

At a meeting earlier today, the Michigan Strategic Fund (MSF) board approved a
proposal by the Michigan Economic Development Corporation (MEDC) to announce a
competitive round of CDBG funding to assist impacted communities.  The MEDC has
received requests from northern Michigan communities for assistance, and past
projects approved by the MEDC and MSF face some jeopardy if basic infrastructure
is not repaired quickly.

Under terms of the approved proposal, the MSF will award deep freeze funds
through an online competitive Request-for-Proposal (RFP) process.

It requires communities to:

Be non-entitlement under federal CDBG rules;
    Document that they are unable to fund the activities with other funding;
    Have hard infrastructure repairs (water, sewer, and/or road work related to
water/sewer) that occurred after November 1, 2013; and
    Match a minimum of 15 percent of costs and, if eligible, continue the
process to seek Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) funding.


For further information please visit: http://www.michigan.gov/minewswire

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              77 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 24, 2014 Thursday

Michigan: Northern Michigan communities receiving $6 million to repair
infrastructure damaged by deep freeze

LENGTH: 341  words

DATELINE: Lansing


Public Service Commission, The State of Michigan has issued the following news
release:

Gov. Rick Snyder today announced $6 million in assistance for six Upper
Peninsula and three northern Lower Peninsula counties that received a "state of
emergency" declaration after sustaining heavy infrastructure damage due to
extremely cold temperatures and deep frost levels last winter.

The nine counties--Charlevoix, Cheboygan, Chippewa, Delta, Emmet, Gogebic, Luce,
Mackinac and Marquette--will be eligible to receive Community Development Block
Grants (CDBG) to repair damaged water and sewer mains, roads and other vital
infrastructure.

"The state is stepping up and assisting our northern Michigan communities to
repair their damaged infrastructure," Snyder said. "Last winter's extremely cold
temperatures and deep frost levels caused millions of dollars in damages. It
makes good sense to begin the repairs as quickly as possible to restore water
and sewer mains and roads in the affected areas."

At a meeting earlier today, the Michigan Strategic Fund (MSF) board approved a
proposal by the Michigan Economic Development Corporation (MEDC) to announce a
competitive round of CDBG funding to assist impacted communities.  The MEDC has
received requests from northern Michigan communities for assistance, and past
projects approved by the MEDC and MSF face some jeopardy if basic infrastructure
is not repaired quickly.

Under terms of the approved proposal, the MSF will award deep freeze funds
through an online competitive Request-for-Proposal (RFP) process.

It requires communities to:

Be non-entitlement under federal CDBG rules;
    Document that they are unable to fund the activities with other funding;
    Have hard infrastructure repairs (water, sewer, and/or road work related to
water/sewer) that occurred after November 1, 2013; and
    Match a minimum of 15 percent of costs and, if eligible, continue the
process to seek Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) funding.


For further information please visit: http://www.michigan.gov/minewswire

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              78 of 998 DOCUMENTS



               South Burnett Times and Rural Weekly (Queensland)

                               February 20, 2009

Give our farmers a hand

SECTION: Pg. 20

LENGTH: 274  words


Individuals and communities doing it tough in the South Burnett have been asked
to apply for funding from the Woolworths Backing our Farmers Day appeal.

All profits from sales in Woolworths stores today will help out the battlers.

More than $5 million is expected to be on offer and Queensland Country Women's
Association (QCWA) state president, Kumbia's Marian Mudra, said there are a
number of avenues for assistance and encouraged the region's rural community not
to be hesitant in seeking help.

"While parts of Queensland are under water and eligible for emergency assistance
from the Premier's Flood Appeal, there are parts of the State that are still
suffering the effects of ongoing drought and these grants are here to help," Mrs
Mudra said.

Funds will be available for Emergency Assistance Grants and Community
Infrastructure projects.

Full details and application forms are available by calling 1800 237 876.

"While you might not have a Woolworths to shop at locally, we would encourage
people to apply for the grants," Mrs Mudra said.

The QCWA will administer the funds.

"In the past we have funded pre-school fees, school uniforms, groceries and
medicines, but we know this year there may be funds required for more basic
items in many areas," Mrs Mudra said.

The processing of applications and the allocation of funds will be made after
March 2 for the Emergency Assistance Grants. Applications for the Community
Infrastructure Grants will close on April 30 and will be processed thereafter.

For more information about the Backing our Farmers appeal go to
www.woolworths.com.au. Application forms are available by calling 1800 237 876.

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KSB


                    Copyright 2009 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              79 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                              July 26, 2015 Sunday

Federal grant boosts local fire department

LENGTH: 358 words


The U.S. Department of Homeland Security's Federal Emergency Management Agency
(FEMA) has announced that four Maine fire departments, including two in
Aroostook County, have been earmarked to receive federal grant funds.


FEMA will award North Lakes Fire & Rescue, which covers the areas of Sinclair,
Cross Lake, Square Lake and Madawaska Lake, a total of $24,953 as part of the
Assistance to Firefighter Grant (AFG).


Also slated for grants are the Littleton Fire Department, which will receive
$8,096; the Skowhegan Fire Department, $871,429; and the Andover Fire
Department, $21,429.


Chief Darren R. Woods of North Lakes Fire & Rescue said the money will purchase
a special firefighter turnout gear washer and dryer along with assorted water
supply equipment.


"We are very pleased about the receipt of this grant," he said. "Without this
funding, we would not have been able to purchase this equipment that will offer
our firefighters an increased level of protection by removing contaminants from
their firefighting gear that may cause health issues for them such as cancer.


"Firefighting is inherently dangerous," added Woods. "We need to put our people
first, and do everything we can to make sure they go home safe after the call."


The total cost of this project is $26,200. The grant will cover the greatest
part of the cost, with the department picking up the remaining $1,247.


U.S. Sens. Susan Collins and Angus King, along with Rep, Bruce Poliquin, issued
a joint statement praising the funding. "The daily sacrifices made by our
firefighters are instrumental to the safety of Maine's tight-knit communities,"
they said in a joint statement. "This AFG grant will help give our firefighters
more resources to ensure their safety as they protect our communities."


The Assistance to Firefighters Grant was created to help provide funds for fire
departments and nonaffiliated emergency medical service organizations so they
can purchase equipment, protective gear, emergency vehicles, training and other
resources to better protect the public and emergency personnel.


More information can be found at the department's website at
www.northlakesfire.org.

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Bangor Daily News


                              80 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                              July 26, 2015 Sunday

Federal grant boosts local fire department

LENGTH: 358 words


The U.S. Department of Homeland Security's Federal Emergency Management Agency
(FEMA) has announced that four Maine fire departments, including two in
Aroostook County, have been earmarked to receive federal grant funds.


FEMA will award North Lakes Fire & Rescue, which covers the areas of Sinclair,
Cross Lake, Square Lake and Madawaska Lake, a total of $24,953 as part of the
Assistance to Firefighter Grant (AFG).


Also slated for grants are the Littleton Fire Department, which will receive
$8,096; the Skowhegan Fire Department, $871,429; and the Andover Fire
Department, $21,429.


Chief Darren R. Woods of North Lakes Fire & Rescue said the money will purchase
a special firefighter turnout gear washer and dryer along with assorted water
supply equipment.


"We are very pleased about the receipt of this grant," he said. "Without this
funding, we would not have been able to purchase this equipment that will offer
our firefighters an increased level of protection by removing contaminants from
their firefighting gear that may cause health issues for them such as cancer.


"Firefighting is inherently dangerous," added Woods. "We need to put our people
first, and do everything we can to make sure they go home safe after the call."


The total cost of this project is $26,200. The grant will cover the greatest
part of the cost, with the department picking up the remaining $1,247.


U.S. Sens. Susan Collins and Angus King, along with Rep, Bruce Poliquin, issued
a joint statement praising the funding. "The daily sacrifices made by our
firefighters are instrumental to the safety of Maine's tight-knit communities,"
they said in a joint statement. "This AFG grant will help give our firefighters
more resources to ensure their safety as they protect our communities."


The Assistance to Firefighters Grant was created to help provide funds for fire
departments and nonaffiliated emergency medical service organizations so they
can purchase equipment, protective gear, emergency vehicles, training and other
resources to better protect the public and emergency personnel.


More information can be found at the department's website at
www.northlakesfire.org.

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Bangor Daily News


                              81 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 22, 2014 Tuesday

Pryor, Boozman, Griffin Announce Funding for Jacksonport and Williams Junction
Fire Departments

LENGTH: 303  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator John Boozman, U.S Government has issued the following news
release:

U.S. Senators Mark Pryor and John Boozman today joined Congressman Tim Griffin
(AR-2) to announce that two Arkansas fire departments will receive nearly
$270,000 from the U.S. Department of Homeland Security's Assistance to
Firefighters Grant Program. The Williams Junction Volunteer Fire Department will
receive $29,560 to purchase life-saving equipment, and the Jacksonport Fire
Department will receive $237,500 to purchase a water tanker/tender, which is
used to draft water from hydrants and lakes.

"Local firefighters are instrumental to the safety of our families, communities,
and property," Pryor said. "This grant will give Williams Junction and
Jacksonport Fire Departments the equipment they need to safely and effectively
respond to emergencies and save lives."

"Our firefighters deserve the tools and training they need to respond to
emergencies," Boozman said. "These are investments that play an important role
in protecting Arkansans."

"Our fire departments play a critical role in protecting Arkansans during
emergencies, and this grant will provide needed equipment to help ensure our
firefighters are better prepared to respond when our communities are
threatened," Griffin said.

The Assistance to Firefighters Program of the Federal Emergency Management
Agency is supported by the omnibus appropriations bill and provides fire
departments and Emergency Medical Services (EMS) organizations with the tools
and resources necessary to protect the health and safety of the public and
emergency response personnel. During Fiscal Year 2013, DHS AFG Program awarded
approximately $288.8 million directly to local fire departments and EMS
organizations.

For further information please visit: http://www.boozman.senate.gov

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              82 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 22, 2014 Tuesday

Pryor, Boozman, Griffin Announce Funding for Jacksonport and Williams Junction
Fire Departments

LENGTH: 303  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator John Boozman, U.S Government has issued the following news
release:

U.S. Senators Mark Pryor and John Boozman today joined Congressman Tim Griffin
(AR-2) to announce that two Arkansas fire departments will receive nearly
$270,000 from the U.S. Department of Homeland Security's Assistance to
Firefighters Grant Program. The Williams Junction Volunteer Fire Department will
receive $29,560 to purchase life-saving equipment, and the Jacksonport Fire
Department will receive $237,500 to purchase a water tanker/tender, which is
used to draft water from hydrants and lakes.

"Local firefighters are instrumental to the safety of our families, communities,
and property," Pryor said. "This grant will give Williams Junction and
Jacksonport Fire Departments the equipment they need to safely and effectively
respond to emergencies and save lives."

"Our firefighters deserve the tools and training they need to respond to
emergencies," Boozman said. "These are investments that play an important role
in protecting Arkansans."

"Our fire departments play a critical role in protecting Arkansans during
emergencies, and this grant will provide needed equipment to help ensure our
firefighters are better prepared to respond when our communities are
threatened," Griffin said.

The Assistance to Firefighters Program of the Federal Emergency Management
Agency is supported by the omnibus appropriations bill and provides fire
departments and Emergency Medical Services (EMS) organizations with the tools
and resources necessary to protect the health and safety of the public and
emergency response personnel. During Fiscal Year 2013, DHS AFG Program awarded
approximately $288.8 million directly to local fire departments and EMS
organizations.

For further information please visit: http://www.boozman.senate.gov

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              83 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Muskogee Phoenix (Oklahoma)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              June 1, 2014 Sunday

$1M grant sought to add hundreds of hydrants to county

BYLINE: E.I. Hillin, Muskogee Phoenix, Okla.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 533 words


June 01--A $1 million fire hydrant grant proposal would bring 450 to 500 new
fire hydrants to rural Muskogee County.

That's something that would benefit everyone in rural Muskogee County, said
Keefeton Fire Chief Speck Plunkett.

"We are doing this for the public," Plunkett said. "We are helping the people."

Plunkett decided to write and submit a Federal Emergency Management Agency
Assistance to Firefighters Grant proposal. The proposal was sent in early 2013
and is pending.

The primary goal of the Assistance to Firefighters Grant (AFG) is to meet the
firefighting and emergency response needs of fire departments and nonaffiliated
emergency medical service organizations. Since 2001, AFG has helped firefighters
and other first responders to obtain critically needed equipment, protective
gear, emergency vehicles, training and other resources needed to protect the
public and emergency personnel from fire and related hazards.

Plunkett said the grant proposal is a three-fold opportunity:

"One, it means extra fire hydrants; two, it will help the rural water districts
to fix their lines; and three, it helps the public by reducing ISO rates."

According to the Oklahoma Insurance Commissioner's website, the Insurance
Services Office (ISO) collects information on municipal fire protection efforts
and assigns a ratings number. The lower the number, the lower the insurance
rates are for residents.

If the grant was awarded to the Muskogee County rural fire departments, it would
mean a necessary upgrade for the water districts in order to install the
hydrants.

"The negative might be that they have to update their lines," Plunkett said.
"These hydrants will be full-blown hydrants," meaning the water lines have to be
4-inch lines or larger.

"If they could replace them, that would be great, but we can't force them,"
Plunkett said. "The idea is, if we give them to the district they will put the
fire hydrants in place."

The hydrants will cost an average of $2,500 to $3,000. It will be a bidding
process or state contract to purchase them. The installation also will be under
a bidding process, Plunkett said.

Regardless of who installs the hydrants, it will be the water district that will
inspect them.

Henry Rhodes, Rural Water District #5 operator, said that although he could use
more hydrants in his area, they would be limited as to where they could put
them.

"We are looking to put them everywhere we have the bigger lines," Rhodes said.

Rhodes also said it is usually the districts who are paid to install the
hydrants.

"It would be cheaper in the long run if they paid us to put them in," Rhodes
said.

Plunkett said he would like to keep the money local.

The fire hydrant grant is a 90-10 matching grant. The Muskogee County Fire
Fighter's Association/tax board agreed to pay the 10 percent, Plunkett said.

If the grant is awarded, the next step would be to decide where the new fire
hydrants would be installed.

"We'll cross that bridge when we get there," Plunkett said.

Reach E.I. Hillin at (918) 684-2926 or ehillin@muskogeephoenix.com

___ (c)2014 the Muskogee Phoenix (Muskogee, Okla.) Visit the Muskogee Phoenix
(Muskogee, Okla.) at muskogeephoenix.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140601-XK-1M-grant
-sought-to-add-hundreds-of-hydrants-to-county-0601-20140601

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: XK


                        Copyright 2014 Muskogee Phoenix


                              84 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Kemptville Advance

                            November 25, 2016 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Committee of the whole discusses various points of interest on Nov. 21

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1257  words


The following is a list of briefs from the committee of the whole on Nov. 21.

Three points of interest from public works

"I have three points of interest and no formal reports," said Karen Dunlop,
director of public works. "My first information item is in regards to the
municipal construction of the installation of the water main on Van Buren
(Street). There will be some traffic interruptions as we jack and bore the water
main at the creek crossing. So that means there will be traffic closures on Van
Buren at the creek crossing for the next 10 days. A reminder that winter is now
upon us and parking restrictions are now in place."

Two points of interest from parks, recreation and culture

"Just a couple of points I want to make tonight," said Mark Guy, director of
parks, recreation and culture. "We have received submissions for the Canada Post
Park passive space tender and the Pte. Blake Williamson (Memorial Hall)
building, which is the former armoury building. Staff are reviewing those
submissions and I will be bringing an administrative report forth to the next
committee of the whole (Dec. 5) on both of those tenders."

"The other piece of news I'd like to bring forward is good news," he continued.
"The parks and recreation department received a $5,000 grant from the Healthy
Kids Community Challenge for two water filling stations here at the North
Grenville Municipal Centre. Hopefully those stations will be in place sometime
in February of next year."

Adoption of budget and financial controls policy

"My first report this evening speaks to the out-dated budget policy," said
Nicole Zywicki, director of finance/treasurer. "As was mentioned earlier this
month, treasury is in the process of updated financial policies and procedures.
We have finalized the budget policy in time for this year's 2017 budget process.
The policy clarifies roles and responsibilities, including the preparation and
adherence to budget processes, and that will also include budget timelines and
deliverables. The policy also includes the process for emergency spending,
budget amendments, and monitoring processes, such as quarterly budget to actual
reports to council."

The resolution was recommended to council.

Employee Family Assistance Program (EFAP) recommended

"The Municipality of North Grenville currently does not have an Employee Family
Assistance Program," said Christa Stewart, executive assistant to the CAO and
human resources coordinator. "And in the past, the municipality has supported
the needs of its employees on an ad hoc, case-by-case, basis. With changes to
legislation, employers are required to provide support by way of accommodation
as it relates to matters dealing with discrimination, harassment, human rights
and stress disorders, just to name a few."

She explained the cost to support employees on a case-by-case basis is too
prohibitive to continue.

"These programs strive to improve employee productivity and organizational
performance," said Stewart.

The cost for the program is $3.95 per person per month, resulting in a cost of
approximately $4,400, she explained.

"Having the ability to direct staff for assistance to an outside agency
alleviates the decision-making process for the organization, which could have
negative implications as it relates to legislation and potential litigation,"
said Stewart.

The EFAP was recommended to council.

Shortfall of $8,600 for upgrade to telephone systems

"This is a report that is for information purposes only for members of council,"
said Cahl Pominville, clerk. "As part of the 2016 capital budget, a work plan
was approved by council for a telephone system upgrade. This project was to
replace the current phone system, which was transferred over from the old
building to this building 11 years ago. Based on the estimates, back at the time
when we passed the budget, the amount for this was $24,000. After the budget was
adopted, we found out from suppliers that due to the change in value of US
dollars, many phone system providers were increasing their prices. So when we
got the RFP (Request for Proposals) back in earlier this month, we definitely
noticed that there was a shortfall. We did a comparison of all the proposals
because some of them give you an RFP the same as it is when you look to buy a
car; here's the base price, but if you want a radio, it's more, and if you want
this, it's more."

The result of this is a shortfall of approximately $8,600, he explained.

"So we consulted with the director of finance/treasurer, to see what there was
and the steps we could take to cover this shortfall. And we were advised that
there were sufficient funds to cover this shortfall of $8,600 in general funds."

Funding update for Community Improvement Program (CIP)

"The program had a great year in 2016," said Zywicki. "Unfortunately, one of the
approved applicants was unable to receive the required funding for their
project, so as a result, there's $2,000 that remains in the budgeted amount."

The Community Grants Advisory Committee met on Nov. 9 to discuss the program
options.

"The committee is recommending this evening that the $2,000 that's not going to
be used be put aside into a reserve for next year's program, in addition to the
2017 budgeted amount," said Zywicki.

The resolution was recommended to council.

Revisions to community grants program

"As discussed in my CIP report, the grants advisory committee met on Nov. 9,"
said Zywicki. "During this meeting, the committee discussed the upcoming 2017
Canada 150 anniversary year. So the committee is recommending tonight that we
update the program. So the previous program outline is attached to this report,
as well as the proposed outline. But the biggest change is that we've added
events to the allowable programs."

The committee also recommended that council commit the annual $10,000 that
normally would be committed during budget time, she explained.

"A little bit earlier, so that will allow for an early intake to take place to
accommodate local organizations to get their applications in before year-end to
allow for New Year's 2017 events to occur in our community," said Zywicki.

She explained staff is prepared to advertise the first intake for community
grants as early as the week beginning Nov. 28.

"And have a deadline of Dec. 16. The timeline is very tight, so I'd like to
remind the public that if you do have any questions, or you do require
assistance with the grant application, just to contact myself and I'll answer
any questions and help you fill out the application."

The resolution was recommended to council.

Significant updates to emergency management program

"This evening, I am pleased to announce some significant updates to our
emergency management program," said Fire Chief Paul Hutt.

The plan identifies critical roles and responsibilities, he explained.

"One of our commitments is there are 15 key components we have to review
annually," said Hutt. "Some of the highlights are; you have to designate
emergency management coordinators. Currently, we have myself, Deputy Chief
(Randy) Urslak and Shannon Armitage (Fire Prevention Officer) as well has done
the training."

Another component of the program is designating an emergency management
committee, he explained.

"Not only are we looking at municipal staff, but we've reached out to volunteer
groups; the Red Cross, Victims Services, St. John's Ambulance. So this group or
committee will have to meet twice a year, to review our program, to make sure
we're meeting our legislative obligations."

The resolution was recommended to council.

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              85 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 28, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: Flooding in the State of West Virginia

LENGTH: 659  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Federal Emergency Management Agency has issued the following news
release:



 The Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) is continuing to support
response and recovery efforts in West Virginia following the severe storms,
flooding, landslides, and mudslides that have been affecting the state and its
people. The National Weather Service has indicated that the floodwaters are
receding in parts of West Virginia, but more heavy rain is expected in areas
already hit hard by flooding. A flash flood watch for 22 counties has been
issued until Monday evening. Heavy rains could cause some streams to breach
their banks.





 To learn more about what to do before, during and after severe weather, visit
www.Ready.gov.



 On June 25, 2016, President Obama issued a major disaster declaration for the
State of West Virginia. This declaration releases federal funding to help
individuals and communities recover from the severe storms, flooding,
landslides, and mudslides that occurred June 22, 2016, and continuing. The
request makes assistance to individuals and households in Greenbrier, Kanawha,
and Nicholas counties. The request also provides emergency protective measures
(Category B), including direct federal assistance, under the Public Assistance
program for Greenbrier, Kanawha, and Nicholas counties. All of West Virginia is
eligible for hazard mitigation grant program (HMGP) funding.



 FEMA's main priority is to support survivors and communities in West Virginia,
and as of Monday morning, over 1,000 total registrations for FEMA Individual
Assistance program have been counted as a result of the Preliminary Damage
Assessments (PDAs) conducted in the area that began today. PDAs are an
information gathering process that measures damages and the impact to
communities. 14 PDA teams have arrived to conduct PDAs for both Public
Assistance and Individual Assistance.



 FEMA is working to provide commodities and support to the State of West
Virginia's distribution efforts. The agency has moved water and food supplies
into West Virginia and is turning them over to West Virginia Emergency
Management Agency for distribution to impacted communities. In support of the
State of West Virginia, FEMA has deployed over 250 staff to the state to assist
in response and recovery. An Incident Management Assistance Team (IMAT) has
arrived to coordinate directly with the State of West Virginia and support
requests for assistance.



 The first Disaster Recovery Center is planned to be open soon, where survivors
can go to get assistance and information. Details and confirmation will be
forthcoming as soon as they are available. To support that effort, the federal
agency is working to deploy Disaster Survivor Assistance Teams to impacted areas
to canvas shelters and register survivors.



 The State of West Virginia, the American Red Cross, FEMA and others are working
together to meet any potential housing needs. Region III's Voluntary Agency
Liaison and Disability Integration Specialist has been deployed to work with and
support voluntary agencies, communities, and individuals with access and
functional needs.



 FEMA is encouraging all individuals, households, and businesses both inside and
outside of Greenbrier, Kanawha, and Nicholas Counties to document any damages
they have. Individuals and business owners who sustained losses in the
designated area can begin applying for assistance tomorrow by registering online
at www.DisasterAssistance.gov or by calling 1-800-621-FEMA (3362).



     Disaster assistance applicants, who have a speech disability or hearing
loss and use TTY, should call 1-800-462-7585 directly; for those who use 711 or
Video Relay Service (VRS), call 1-800-621-3362.

     The toll-free telephone numbers will operate from 7 a.m. to 10 p.m. (local
time) seven days a week until further notice.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              86 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                          September 25, 2010 Saturday

ADB $100 Million Emergency Funds to Help Kyrgyz Republic Recover from Conflict

LENGTH: 562  words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, Sept. 25 -- The Asian Development Bank (ADB) is extending emergency
assistance of $100 million equivalent to help the Kyrgyz Republic get back on
its feet in the wake of community violence earlier this year.

"This assistance will help keep vital services going and help avert further
hardship for families who have lost homes and livelihoods as a result of the
disturbances. This will also help restore the dignity of affected families,"
said Juan Miranda, Director General in ADB's Central and West Asia Department.

A loan and grant from ADB's concessional Asian Development Fund will be used to
help the government maintain key social services and rebuild homes damaged
during the violence in June. The emergency support will also be used to
rehabilitate community infrastructure, water supply and treatment systems in the
worst-affected cities of Osh and Jalal-Abad.

The conflict damaged around 1,900 homes, 30 public buildings and 700 businesses,
and displaced around 375,000 people. The economy was dampened, with a sharp drop
in tourist avenues, impaired business activity, and impeded international trade.
A joint economic assessment carried out by development agencies, including ADB,
estimated the country's gross domestic product will contract by 3.5% in 2010,
against an earlier forecast of 5.5% growth.

With revenues now expected to fall well short of targeted spending needs for
this year, the government's ability to fund health, education, and social
assistance payments is at risk, which threatens to push more households below
the poverty line. In addition, there is growing urgency to repair damaged homes
before the onset of winter. The joint economic assessment estimated that
aggregate conflict-related financing needs are likely to reach $1 billion
through to 2012.

ADB's assistance will help address the financing needs. It will provide about
$40 million in fiscal support to help the government provide uninterrupted
delivery of essential social services and critical infrastructure maintenance
spending. It will also extend $30 million to build permanent homes for families,
whose properties were damaged, complementing the work of other development
partners. A further $30 million will finance critical community infrastructure
rehabilitation and immediate improvements to ageing water systems in Osh and
Jalal-Abad, as well as developing plans for longer term water and sanitation
improvements to be funded through regular lending operations.

"The assistance will help mitigate the immediate poverty and social effects of
the conflict, and at the same time contribute to reconciliation and the
restoration of normalcy in the country," said Jose Tan, Economist (Public
Finance) in ADB's Central and West Asia Department.

The loan of $48.5 million has a 40-year term, with a 10-year grace period
carrying an annual interest charge of 1%. The grant has been set at a maximum of
$51.5 million. Additional counterpart finance of $10 million will be provided by
the government, for a total project cost of $110 million.

The Ministry of Finance is the executing agency for the emergency assistance,
which is expected to be completed by September 2013. Published by HT Syndication
with permission from Daily Pak Banker. For any query with respect to this
article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              87 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                            October 2, 2004 Saturday

Flood Roundup

BYLINE: Treshea N. Wade

LENGTH: 826 words


Food assistance deadline

Flood victims have until Wednesday to apply for food assistance benefits.

To learn more, visit a Disaster Recovery Center or call a local assistance
office:

Allegheny County: (412) 565-2146

Armstrong County: (724) 543-1651

Beaver County: (724) 773-7300

Butler County: (724) 284-8844

Greene County: (724) 627-8171 or (888) 410-5658

Indiana County: (724) 357-2900

Washington County: (724) 223-4300

Westmoreland County: (724) 832-5200 or (800) 905-5413

Contributions

Century Square CD Warehouse will donate 50 percent of its proceeds from sales
today and Oct. 9 to flood victims. The CD Warehouse is located in Century Square
Shopping Plaza, West Mifflin, next to Roomful Express Furniture above Century
III Mall.

Upper Burrell, Lower Burrell, Arnold, New Kensington and the New
Kensington-Arnold School District will share a $10,000 state grant from the
state Department of Community and Economic Development to cover the cost of
overtime pay and cleanup expenses due to flooding.

Pet help

The Animal Rescue League will bathe dogs at the Carnegie Borough Building. For
details call (412) 276-1414.

Tetanus shots will be administered to pets. Pet food, toys and supplies will be
given to owners at the Blessing of the Animals at noon today at the Church of
the Atonement on Washington Avenue, Carnegie. For details, call the Animal
Rescue League of Western Pennsylvania at (412) 661-6452.

Help for veterans

Honorably discharged wartime veterans can apply for an emergency assistance
grant from the state Department of Military and Veterans Affairs.

Among the qualifications, veterans must have served during a recognized war era
or have been awarded an expeditionary force medal and must provide a copy of a
Federal Emergency Management Agency or insurance reports on flood losses.

Representatives from Allegheny County's Veterans Services will be at the
Disaster Recovery Center at the Community College of Allegheny County's North
Side campus until Sunday. For details call (412) 621-4357.

Applications and information for emergency relief grants for members of the
American Legion or the Disabled American Veterans also can be obtained.

Goods for Carnegie residents

Food

Hot lunches, St. Ignatius Church CCD Center, 125 Finley Ave., 1 to 2 p.m.
Tuesdays and Thursdays.

Hot lunches, noon to 2 p.m., and light dinners, 4 to 7 p.m., Carnegie United
Methodist Church, 415 Washington Ave.

Food distribution at the borough building has been discontinued.

Clothes

Free clothes available at:

Congregation Ahavath Achim, Chestnut Street, 1 to 9 p.m. daily

Boys and Girls Club, Washington Avenue

Former J.C. Penney in Great Southern Shopping Center

Furniture

Furniture available at Solid Rock Foundation Church on Broadway Avenue for at
least the next two weeks.

Zelienople water

The mandatory water conservation for Zelienople borough water customers has been
lifted, officials said. Conservation now is voluntary.

Road work

North Hills

Wible Run Road: Lane restriction during 100-foot wall repair to be completed
within four weeks.

Hoffman Road:Slight lane restriction; 75-foot lateral support wall to be
constructed, design in process.

Thompson Run Road: Lane restriction; lateral support wall to be designed and
drilling being arranged.

Camp Horne Road: Slight lane restriction; work is in progress and expected to be
complete by Thursday.

Carnegie

Thoms Run Road: 450-foot retaining wall in construction, expected to reopen Nov.
21.

Glenfield Road: Down to one lane in the day, no restrictions at night, estimated
completion Oct. 22.

Blackburn Road:Lane restriction during daylight hours, no restrictions at night,
estimated completion date Oct. 29.

Cliff Mine Road:Lane restrictions due to work on lateral support walls.

Carbon monoxide warning

The Allegheny County Health Department is cautioning people not to use
gasoline-powered washers in an enclosed space when cleaning flooded basements.
Gas-powered pressure washers can produce lethal amounts of carbon monoxide and
should not be used indoors.

Business help

Inexpensive office or warehouse space is available to flood victims on a
short-term basis, according to Coldwell Banker Commercial NRT. For details, call
Richard Hommel at (412) 571-1901, Ext. 28.

Andrew Carnegie Free Library offering facilities for meetings and conferences,
available at no charge for any business displaced by the flood. For details,
call (412) 276-3456.

Mt. Lebanon Office Equipment, 1817 Banksville Road, offering used office
equipment either for free or at low cost. Contact Patrick Droney at (412)
344-4300 or (412) 287-2262.

A few free computers are available to businesses that need one. For details,
call the Rev. Paul Sutcliffe, Church of the Atonement, Carnegie, at (412)
279-1944 .

Fidelity Bank is allowing consumer loan customers to postpone September or
October payments on installment loans or lines of credit. Payments will be added
to the end of loan terms. For details, call (800) 242-2500 and ask for the Flood
Deferred Payment Program.

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2004 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              88 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            July 23, 2014 Wednesday

Michigan: Northern Michigan communities receiving $6 million to repair
infrastructure damaged by deep freeze

LENGTH: 464  words

DATELINE: Lansing


Public Service Commission, The State of Michigan has issued the following news
release:

Gov. Rick Snyder today announced $6 million in assistance for six Upper
Peninsula and three northern Lower Peninsula counties that received a "state of
emergency" declaration after sustaining heavy infrastructure damage due to
extremely cold temperatures and deep frost levels last winter.

The nine counties--Charlevoix, Cheboygan, Chippewa, Delta, Emmet, Gogebic, Luce,
Mackinac and Marquette--will be eligible to receive Community Development Block
Grants (CDBG) to repair damaged water and sewer mains, roads and other vital
infrastructure.

"The state is stepping up and assisting our northern Michigan communities to
repair their damaged infrastructure," Snyder said. "Last winter's extremely cold
temperatures and deep frost levels caused millions of dollars in damages. It
makes good sense to begin the repairs as quickly as possible to restore water
and sewer mains and roads in the affected areas."

At a meeting earlier today, the Michigan Strategic Fund (MSF) board approved a
proposal by the Michigan Economic Development Corporation (MEDC) to announce a
competitive round of CDBG funding to assist impacted communities.  The MEDC has
received requests from northern Michigan communities for assistance, and past
projects approved by the MEDC and MSF face some jeopardy if basic infrastructure
is not repaired quickly.

Under terms of the approved proposal, the MSF will award deep freeze funds
through an online competitive Request-for-Proposal (RFP) process.

It requires communities to:

Be non-entitlement under federal CDBG rules;
    Document that they are unable to fund the activities with other funding;
    Have hard infrastructure repairs (water, sewer, and/or road work related to
water/sewer) that occurred after November 1, 2013; and
    Match a minimum of 15 percent of costs and, if eligible, continue the
process to seek Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) funding.

The MEDC will continue to work with the Michigan State Police, Emergency
Management and Homeland Security Division to ensure a coordinated response to
deep freeze issues in the nine counties.  For complete requirements, see the RFP
online at: http://www.michiganbusiness.org/urgent-need/

Snyder declared a "state of emergency" on April 17 for Marquette County to
ensure all possible state resources, in accordance with the Michigan Emergency
Management Plan, would be provided to assist the local response to the damage
caused by last winter's extremely cold temperatures and deep frost levels. On
May 7, the emergency declaration was amended to include Charlevoix, Cheboygan,
Chippewa, Delta, Emmet, Gogebic, Luce and Mackinac counties.

For further information please visit: http://www.michigan.gov/minewswire

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              89 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            July 23, 2014 Wednesday

Michigan: Northern Michigan communities receiving $6 million to repair
infrastructure damaged by deep freeze

LENGTH: 464  words

DATELINE: Lansing


Public Service Commission, The State of Michigan has issued the following news
release:

Gov. Rick Snyder today announced $6 million in assistance for six Upper
Peninsula and three northern Lower Peninsula counties that received a "state of
emergency" declaration after sustaining heavy infrastructure damage due to
extremely cold temperatures and deep frost levels last winter.

The nine counties--Charlevoix, Cheboygan, Chippewa, Delta, Emmet, Gogebic, Luce,
Mackinac and Marquette--will be eligible to receive Community Development Block
Grants (CDBG) to repair damaged water and sewer mains, roads and other vital
infrastructure.

"The state is stepping up and assisting our northern Michigan communities to
repair their damaged infrastructure," Snyder said. "Last winter's extremely cold
temperatures and deep frost levels caused millions of dollars in damages. It
makes good sense to begin the repairs as quickly as possible to restore water
and sewer mains and roads in the affected areas."

At a meeting earlier today, the Michigan Strategic Fund (MSF) board approved a
proposal by the Michigan Economic Development Corporation (MEDC) to announce a
competitive round of CDBG funding to assist impacted communities.  The MEDC has
received requests from northern Michigan communities for assistance, and past
projects approved by the MEDC and MSF face some jeopardy if basic infrastructure
is not repaired quickly.

Under terms of the approved proposal, the MSF will award deep freeze funds
through an online competitive Request-for-Proposal (RFP) process.

It requires communities to:

Be non-entitlement under federal CDBG rules;
    Document that they are unable to fund the activities with other funding;
    Have hard infrastructure repairs (water, sewer, and/or road work related to
water/sewer) that occurred after November 1, 2013; and
    Match a minimum of 15 percent of costs and, if eligible, continue the
process to seek Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) funding.

The MEDC will continue to work with the Michigan State Police, Emergency
Management and Homeland Security Division to ensure a coordinated response to
deep freeze issues in the nine counties.  For complete requirements, see the RFP
online at: http://www.michiganbusiness.org/urgent-need/

Snyder declared a "state of emergency" on April 17 for Marquette County to
ensure all possible state resources, in accordance with the Michigan Emergency
Management Plan, would be provided to assist the local response to the damage
caused by last winter's extremely cold temperatures and deep frost levels. On
May 7, the emergency declaration was amended to include Charlevoix, Cheboygan,
Chippewa, Delta, Emmet, Gogebic, Luce and Mackinac counties.

For further information please visit: http://www.michigan.gov/minewswire

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              90 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            July 23, 2014 Wednesday

Michigan: Northern Michigan communities receiving $6 million to repair
infrastructure damaged by deep freeze

LENGTH: 464  words

DATELINE: Lansing


Office of Governor Rick Snyder, The State of Michigan has issued the following
news release:

Gov. Rick Snyder today announced $6 million in assistance for six Upper
Peninsula and three northern Lower Peninsula counties that received a "state of
emergency" declaration after sustaining heavy infrastructure damage due to
extremely cold temperatures and deep frost levels last winter.

The nine counties--Charlevoix, Cheboygan, Chippewa, Delta, Emmet, Gogebic, Luce,
Mackinac and Marquette--will be eligible to receive Community Development Block
Grants (CDBG) to repair damaged water and sewer mains, roads and other vital
infrastructure.

"The state is stepping up and assisting our northern Michigan communities to
repair their damaged infrastructure," Snyder said. "Last winter's extremely cold
temperatures and deep frost levels caused millions of dollars in damages. It
makes good sense to begin the repairs as quickly as possible to restore water
and sewer mains and roads in the affected areas."

At a meeting earlier today, the Michigan Strategic Fund (MSF) board approved a
proposal by the Michigan Economic Development Corporation (MEDC) to announce a
competitive round of CDBG funding to assist impacted communities.  The MEDC has
received requests from northern Michigan communities for assistance, and past
projects approved by the MEDC and MSF face some jeopardy if basic infrastructure
is not repaired quickly.

Under terms of the approved proposal, the MSF will award deep freeze funds
through an online competitive Request-for-Proposal (RFP) process.

It requires communities to:

Be non-entitlement under federal CDBG rules;
    Document that they are unable to fund the activities with other funding;
    Have hard infrastructure repairs (water, sewer, and/or road work related to
water/sewer) that occurred after November 1, 2013; and
    Match a minimum of 15 percent of costs and, if eligible, continue the
process to seek Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) funding.

The MEDC will continue to work with the Michigan State Police, Emergency
Management and Homeland Security Division to ensure a coordinated response to
deep freeze issues in the nine counties.  For complete requirements, see the RFP
online at: http://www.michiganbusiness.org/urgent-need/

Snyder declared a "state of emergency" on April 17 for Marquette County to
ensure all possible state resources, in accordance with the Michigan Emergency
Management Plan, would be provided to assist the local response to the damage
caused by last winter's extremely cold temperatures and deep frost levels. On
May 7, the emergency declaration was amended to include Charlevoix, Cheboygan,
Chippewa, Delta, Emmet, Gogebic, Luce and Mackinac counties.

For further information please visit: http://www.michigan.gov/snyder/

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              91 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            July 23, 2014 Wednesday

Michigan: Northern Michigan communities receiving $6 million to repair
infrastructure damaged by deep freeze

LENGTH: 464  words

DATELINE: Lansing


Office of Governor Rick Snyder, The State of Michigan has issued the following
news release:

Gov. Rick Snyder today announced $6 million in assistance for six Upper
Peninsula and three northern Lower Peninsula counties that received a "state of
emergency" declaration after sustaining heavy infrastructure damage due to
extremely cold temperatures and deep frost levels last winter.

The nine counties--Charlevoix, Cheboygan, Chippewa, Delta, Emmet, Gogebic, Luce,
Mackinac and Marquette--will be eligible to receive Community Development Block
Grants (CDBG) to repair damaged water and sewer mains, roads and other vital
infrastructure.

"The state is stepping up and assisting our northern Michigan communities to
repair their damaged infrastructure," Snyder said. "Last winter's extremely cold
temperatures and deep frost levels caused millions of dollars in damages. It
makes good sense to begin the repairs as quickly as possible to restore water
and sewer mains and roads in the affected areas."

At a meeting earlier today, the Michigan Strategic Fund (MSF) board approved a
proposal by the Michigan Economic Development Corporation (MEDC) to announce a
competitive round of CDBG funding to assist impacted communities.  The MEDC has
received requests from northern Michigan communities for assistance, and past
projects approved by the MEDC and MSF face some jeopardy if basic infrastructure
is not repaired quickly.

Under terms of the approved proposal, the MSF will award deep freeze funds
through an online competitive Request-for-Proposal (RFP) process.

It requires communities to:

Be non-entitlement under federal CDBG rules;
    Document that they are unable to fund the activities with other funding;
    Have hard infrastructure repairs (water, sewer, and/or road work related to
water/sewer) that occurred after November 1, 2013; and
    Match a minimum of 15 percent of costs and, if eligible, continue the
process to seek Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) funding.

The MEDC will continue to work with the Michigan State Police, Emergency
Management and Homeland Security Division to ensure a coordinated response to
deep freeze issues in the nine counties.  For complete requirements, see the RFP
online at: http://www.michiganbusiness.org/urgent-need/

Snyder declared a "state of emergency" on April 17 for Marquette County to
ensure all possible state resources, in accordance with the Michigan Emergency
Management Plan, would be provided to assist the local response to the damage
caused by last winter's extremely cold temperatures and deep frost levels. On
May 7, the emergency declaration was amended to include Charlevoix, Cheboygan,
Chippewa, Delta, Emmet, Gogebic, Luce and Mackinac counties.

For further information please visit: http://www.michigan.gov/snyder/

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              92 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                   August 6, 1993, FRIDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

CONGRESS SET TO OK FLOOD-AID BILL TODAY

BYLINE: Kathleen Best and Susan Hegger Post-Dispatch Washington Bureau

SECTION: WAR PAGE; Pg. 5B

LENGTH: 1042 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


CONGRESS IS expected to give final approval today to a $5.8 billion flood-aid
package, clearing the way for a presidential signature this weekend.  The final
obstacle was removed Thursday, when Rep. Maxine Waters, D-Calif., dropped her
bid to include in the package an unrelated provision for summer youth programs.
Waters' measure was approved by the House, but only after a heated debate in
which Republicans claimed that the flood-aid bill was being turned into a
"Christmas tree." The Senate stripped Waters' ornament from the tree when it
passed the aid bill this week.  Patrick Lacefield, spokesman for Waters, said
she agreed to drop the issue Thursday after she won assurances from the Labor
Department that her concerns could be handled by an executive order.  "The
amendment is no longer needed," Lacefield said. "We're happy with that." House
and Senate negotiators were meeting late Thursday to put finishing touches on
the aid plan. Those touches are expected to be tiny dabs, not the broad brush
strokes that could threaten the plan.  "There are no major sticking points,"
said a legislative aide familiar with the negotiations. "There may be a
provision or two dropped from the Senate version, but they are only minor
changes. They are moving forward." The Senate passed the $5.8 billion aid
package on a voice vote late Wednesday, nearly doubling the disaster relief
approved by the House.  The Senate bill made it easier for farmers, business
owners and railroads to recoup a part of their flood losses. At the urging of
Sens. Christopher Bond, R-Mo., and Tom Harkin, D-Iowa, more than $1 billion was
added to the legislation to reimburse farmers for crop losses. Farmers now will
be reimbursed 42 cents for each dollar lost, double the current reimbursement
rate of 21 cents.  The Senate also increased the cap on disaster loans for
businesses to $1.5 million from $500,000 and made it easier for larger rail
lines, such as Gateway Western Railway of Fairview Heights, Ill., to qualify for
federal aid.  The railway's track near Glasgow, Mo., has been demolished by the
flood.  President Bill Clinton is expected to sign the package as soon as it
reaches his desk.  But Clinton's budget chief, Leon Panetta, said Wednesday that
additional dollars from Washington might be harder to come by.  The $5.8 billion
aid package was designed "so that we don't have to come back - at least within a
short period of time - to seek additional funds," Panetta said at a breakfast
meeting with reporters.  "Right now we think we've developed a sufficient
cushion to give us the room we need to cover the immediate assistance that's
necessary." Flood-state governors and members of Congress have said their needs
may well top $12 billion.  "But I can't operate, and I don't think the
administration or the Congress . . . can operate on that basis," Panetta said.
"I think we're going to have to continue to evaluate those damages as the water
recedes and see whether or not additional assistance is required." Meanwhile,
Rep. Jim Talent, R-Chesterfield, introduced legislation Thursday designed to
encourage private flood-relief donations.  Talent, whose district has been
inundated by floodwater, is seeking to lift the limits on tax deductions for
charitable contributions by individuals and businesses.  "Flood victims need our
help," Talent said. "The federal government should not be an obstacle to acts of
charity but should be encouraging the unprecedented generosity of our people."
DETAILS OF AID PACKAGE Key provisions of $5.8 billion disaster relief
legislation approved Wednesday night by the Senate.  Direct Assistance Gives the
Federal Emergency Management Agency $2 billion to continue its direct aid to
individuals and families; $200 million for direct assistance grants to state and
local governments for long-term recovery.  Crop Losses Provides $2.4 billion for
crop losses; $102 million for emergency conservation programs, watershed repair,
enrollment of some land in Wetlands Reserve Program, and hiring of workers to
process disaster claims; $20.5 million to subsidize $80 million in Farmers Home
Administration loans for refinancing farm debt, cleaning up and restoring farms
and repairing farm structures.  Jobs Provides $54.6 million for temporary jobs
in flood cleanup, repair and public health and safety services; $4 million for
young people in state Youth Corps and Conservation Corps programs to aid in
disaster relief.  Flood Control Provides $235 million to the Army Corps of
Engineers to repair damage to levees and other flood-control works operated by
federal government and others.  Health and Environment Provides $75 million for
public health emergencies; $34 million for Environmental Protection Agency to
help with pesticide cleanup, repair of drinking water systems and repair of
underground storage facilities; $50 million in emergency community water
assistance grants from the Agriculture Department.  Transportation Provides $10
million to Coast Guard; $175 million for highway and bridge repair; $21 million
for restoration of rail service; $3.9 million for replacement of roads and
bridges on Indian reservations.  Housing, Community Development, Small Business
Provides $50 million for the Department of Housing and Urban Development for
housing, including acquisition, rehabilitation, tenant-based rental assistance
and new construction; $200 million for disaster-related community development;
$90 million to subsidize more than $400 million in emergency loans from the
Small Business Administration, increasing individual loan limit from $500,000 to
$1.5 million; $100 million for aid to schools, including grant money for
students who lose income because of flood; $15 million in Agriculture Department
grants for very low-income elderly people; $6 million to subsidize $15 million
in housing repair loans for rural areas; $5.4 million to subsidize $100 million
in industrial development loans.  Natural Resources Provides $30 million for
restoration of federal wildlife refuges and fish hatcheries; $900,000 for
restoration of federal parks; $5 million for repair of historic places; $1.4
million for increased stream monitoring and equipment costs for the U.S.
Geological Survey.

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC; Graphic/Chart - Chart listing details of aid package follows
story.

                  Copyright 1993 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              93 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 23, 2014 Thursday

SCHUMER, GILLIBRAND ANNOUNCE MORE THAN $660,000 IN FEDERAL FUNDS TO IMPROVE AND
REPAIR SEWER SYSTEM IN TOWN OF OWEGO

LENGTH: 627  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Charles E. Schumer, U.S Government has issued the
following news release:

Today, U.S. Senators Charles E. Schumer and Kirsten Gillibrand announced
$662,504.37 in funds from the Federal Emergency Management Agency's (FEMA)
Public Assistance Grant program for the Town of Owego. This federal funding will
be used to improve the sewer system for local residents. The Town of Owego will
utilize these funds to repair Main Street Pump House #4, which supplies drinking
water to approximately 1,700 homes in Apalachin, located in the Town of Owego.
The pump house became inoperable following flooding that occurred in September
2011 during Tropical Storm Lee. While a temporary fix was provided, Schumer and
Gillibrand pushed FEMA to approve these funds and increase the total amount
after FEMA initially decided to allocate just under $250,000 for the project,
which would have left Owego unable to make up the difference. The total project
cost is $883,339.16 and FEMA funding has now agreed to cover 75 percent of the
cost, or $662,504.37.

"With this funding, the Town of Owego will now be able to make crucial
improvements to its sewer system without passing the financial burden onto local
taxpayers," said Senator Schumer. "This project will improve the Town of Owego's
sewer infrastructure, making it more reliable. A top-notch sewer system is
critical for economic development and public health and this federal funding
will make the improvements the town sorely needs."

"It is vital that we invest in key infrastructure in our communities," said
Senator Gillibrand. "With this funding, the Town of Owego will be able to repair
their sewer system, which is essential for local families and businesses. By
contributing to these local infrastructure investments at the federal level, we
can help hold the line on property taxes in our communities."

"The Town is appreciative of the Senators' efforts on our behalf. We've been
working on this since the flood," said Don Castellucci, Supervisor for the Town
of Owego. "Their efforts have brought us closer to moving forward on this
necessary piece of infrastructure."

Senators Schumer and Gillibrand fought to ensure the Town of Owego received the
funds required to properly repair its sewer system. In 2012, when the project
was first approved by FEMA, Owego was allocated $246,198.99 for sewer repairs.
However, this amount was determined to be insufficient by the town, as it could
not complete the scope of work with the funding allocated. In addition to the
town's need for more funding, a water main break in the Town of Owego during May
2014 left it running on extremely inadequate water infrastructure. Schumer and
Gillibrand said this dire situation made the need for a decision from FEMA
regarding the additional funding critical. Recently, FEMA approved the scope of
work change for the town so that the project can be completed in accordance with
the recommended standards for water treatment. The total project cost is
$883,339.16 and this FEMA funding will cover 75 percent of the cost with this
$662,504.37.

Schumer and Gillibrand said this is a critical piece of infrastructure to the
town's sewer system and will help it move toward making the pump house
functional again, which will relieve significant strain on sewer infrastructure.
The mission of the Federal Emergency Management Agency's (FEMA) Public
Assistance Grant program is to provide assistance to State and local
governments, as well as certain types of private nonprofit organizations so that
communities can quickly respond to and recover from major disasters or
emergencies declared by the President.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              94 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                          November 18, 2015 Wednesday

Maine: FEMA Public Assistance Grants to Help Washington Communities Recover from
Wildfires

LENGTH: 493 words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Augusta: Department of Federal Emergency Management, The state of Maine has
issued the following news release:



 Specialists from the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) and Washington
State Emergency Management Division (EMD) are working closely with local and
tribal officials to help Washington communities recover from this summer&rsquo;s
devastating wildfires.





 The assistance comes through the Public Assistance (PA) program, which
reimburses state and local governments, federally recognized tribes and certain
private nonprofit organizations for eligible expenses they incurred in
protecting lives and property ahead of and during the fires, and in cleaning up
and rebuilding afterward.



 The presidential disaster declaration stemming from the Aug. 9 to Sept. 10,
2015, wildfires makes FEMA PA grants available to eligible applicants in Chelan,
Ferry, Lincoln, Okanogan, Pend Oreille, Stevens, Whatcom, and Yakima counties
and the Confederated Tribes of the Colville Reservation.



 &ldquo;This program is important to Washington taxpayers,&rdquo; said State
Coordinating Officer Kurt Hardin of EMD. &ldquo;It provides financial assistance
that enables our communities to repair and rebuild without putting an additional
burden on residents.  We welcome partnering with FEMA to assist communities
impacted by the historic wildfires. &rdquo;



 &ldquo;The PA program strengthens communities that do not have the resources to
bounce back from a disaster,&rdquo; said Federal Coordinating Officer Thomas
Dargan of FEMA. &ldquo;The funds help to repair the roads people use every day
getting to work and school, put utilities and water systems back in order, and
ensure a community's other important public needs are met.&rdquo;



 To date, 34 potential applicants have filed a Request for Public Assistance
(RPA) to initiate a disaster claim under the Oct. 20 disaster declaration.
Applicants have until Nov. 19 to file RPAs with the Washington Emergency
Management Division.



 The EMD, with FEMA support, is holding a series of briefings for potential
applicants to provide a general overview of the grant program, outline program
deadlines and answer any questions.



 Also taking place are initial meetings among applicants and project officers
from EMD and FEMA to discuss which types of emergency expenses and projects are
federally reimbursable. They also discuss the process of rebuilding structures
to resist damage in the future.



 These meetings are an important step in getting assistance dollars back into
the communities.



 Under the PA program, FEMA reimburses applicants for 75 percent of their
eligible expenses, while the other 25 percent is the nonfederal share. The
federal portion is paid directly to the state, which then makes disbursements to
the local and tribal jurisdictions and organizations that incurred costs.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolution.com

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              95 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                             July 23, 2005 Saturday
                           The Daily Journal Edition

Federal agency may help find funds for water Oak Hill officials see reason for
optimism

BYLINE: LINDA WALTON - CORRESPONDENT

SECTION: SECTION A; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 771  words

DATELINE: OAK HILL


OAK HILL The potential for an agency helping the city coordinate funding to
bring a drinking water supply to Oak Hill looked good after a meeting Thursday.
City commissioners met with Joan Douglas, a technical assistance specialist with
the Southeast Rural Community Assistance Project Inc.

Small communities are shorthanded. We think of ourselves as helping hands,
Douglas said before explaining what the nonprofit organization can do for the
city. Funded through the U.S. Department of Agriculture, the Environmental
Protection Agency and the Office of Health and Human Services, the community
assistance program helps cities in several ways.

We help find grants, do local rate surveys, emergency response training and even
help handle easement problems that utility services might encounter, she told
commissioners.

This is a step in the right direction, Mayor Darry Evans said. Potential
developer Robert Lee, who wants to put 100 homes on the former golf course off
U.S. 1, said water and sewer service is needed, if he is to proceed. As he
listened to discussions about the length of time various options would take from
five years to establish a city-owned water system to a shorter time for buying
water from Edgewater Lee offered a proposal to pay for his water line himself.
It would involve the county extending its water line from the south side of
Lighthouse Cove for about 2,000 feet to the site where Lee wants to build on the
west side of U.S. 1. The line runs on the east side of the highway. Since it
would have to cross the highway, it would open up Lees opportunities as well as
the area on the west side of the highway, since water extensions could serve new
growth there, including a 440-acre tract proposed for development by Steve
Unatin. However, Lee would need city approval before doing this and, while there
were not any commitments, there also wasnt any discussion about turning him
down. In fact, one commissioner suggested it would benefit Oak Hill, at Lees
expense.

It would help open the heart of Oak Hill, Charlie Dean said. Bill Redman, who
represented the city in dealing with the Federal Emergency Management Agency
after last years hurricanes and who manages the citys garbage collection
program, told commissioners it was crucial not to wait too long for services.

We are all trying to grow Oak Hill. For every quarter-point interest rates go
up, we lose 10 percent of residential buyers. If the city waited five years, it
could very well miss the market and the cycle we are in now, Redman told
commissioners. But, regardless of which way the city decides to go in its quest
for water and sewer, Douglas said the organization would help, though she warned
some government funds were drying up and might not be available to Oak Hill
later. Douglas said the city would be fairly safe if it got its requests in by
early 2006. She did suggest one option that would allow quicker service with an
option for its own service later. That would involve the city installing its own
distribution lines and buying the water from Edgewater and purchasing sewer
capacity from the county.

Then you can decide later if you want to do your own plant. Your lines are in,
Douglas said. Douglas works out of the Gainesville office and outlined some of
the resources that might be available to Oak Hill. However, one of the grant
sources the city has been told about before from the USDA may not work unless
income levels for city residents can be altered through additional studies.

The income cap for a USDA grant requires a medium income of $33,000. You are
just over that with $34,000, she told commissioners. The figures, Douglas said,
were based on the 2000 census. But City Commissioner Sherman Babcock said that
represented an imbalance skewed by newly built homes in subdivisions for people
with higher incomes than the older homes in the city.

Do we get turned down because we dont have the population in the right area? he
asked Douglas. Douglas said she had run into a similar problem in another city
where a few very wealthy residents boosted the median income above USDAs cap.

We were allowed to do another income survey, eliminating the few that were
responsible for affecting the median income, she said. The field of grant
potentials includes EPA, possibly USDA if it would allow another income study,
DEP (Department of Environmental Protection) and the Department of Commerce. The
Department of Commerce offers grants if a city can prove that business would
come if the city has services. Douglas offered to bring representatives from
various grant sources to Oak Hill and will coordinate a date.

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Caption: Darry Evans

JOURNAL-CODE: DBNJ

                Copyright 2005 ProQuest Information and Learning
                              All Rights Reserved
                               ProQuest SuperText
                    Copyright 2005 News-Journal Corporation


                              96 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                   Clovis Livestock Market News (New Mexico)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                November 6, 2015

New Mexico project make list for USDA rural infrastructure program

BYLINE: Clovis Livestock Market News staff

LENGTH: 249  words


WASHINGTON -- The U.S. Department of Agriculture this week announced loans and
grants for 141 projects to build and improve water and wastewater infrastructure
in rural communities across the nation, including two in New Mexico.

"Many rural communities need to upgrade and repair their water and wastewater
systems, but often lack the resources to do so," said USDA Secretary Tom
Vilsack.

USDA is awarding $299 million for 88 projects in the Water and Waste Disposal
Loan and Grant Program and $15 million for 53 grants in the Emergency Community
Water Assistance Grant (ECWAG) program.

The communities of Garfield and La Luz in the southern part of the state The new
water lines will address high leakage rates by replacing old water-lines. A new
computerized management system will also be installed to assist with system
operations and reduce water loss from tank overflows. Also, by adding the new
well, the growth restriction will be removed.

The La Luz Mutual Domestic Water Consumers Association was approved for loan of
$414,000 and a grant of $1,787,100 for a total of $2,201,100. The funding will
be used to upgrade approximately 5 miles of the 63 year old, and undersized
water line system, and the outdated and undersized treatment system. Once
completed the improvements to the water system will provide a reliable and safe
water delivery system for the community at reasonable rates.

ECWAG recipients can use the grants to help eligible communities prepare for or
recover from emergencies.

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CVM

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                  Copyright 2015 Clovis Livestock Market News


                              97 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                            October 2, 2007 Tuesday

Bagley

SECTION: C; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 185 words


There will be no help from the federal government for Bagley, which was hit by
flooding in July. But there will be assistance from the state of Wisconsin.

The village of Bagley will receive a $400,000 grant from the Wisconsin
Department of Commerce.

"Well, right now it's looking like that (federal aid) is not going to happen,"
said Grant County Emergency Government Director Steve Braun. "We've tried every
angle to get federal help, but we've been pretty much told that won't be
possible. The state grant is an income-based program. If you meet that income
standard, there are quite a few things we can do for you. Like repairing damaged
furnaces and water heaters in the basement, repairing structural damage to the
house and in some cases even rebuilding. They can contact our office for an
application, or they can contact the Community Development Alternatives office
in Prairie du Chien."

Contact Grant County Emergency Government at 608/723-7171 or the Community
Development Alternatives office at 608/326-7333. The money comes from the
state's Community Development Block Grant, Emergency Assistance Program.

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2007 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              98 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Tribune-Review (Greensburg, PA)

                           January 14, 2010 Thursday

Grants to aid Jeannette flood control

BYLINE: Paul Paterra

LENGTH: 431 words


Jeannette will receive more than $128,000 in grants from the state Department of
Environmental Protection for projects related to the city's Brush Creek flood
control project.

Flooding from Brush Creek caused extensive damage to the city and nearby
community of Grapeville in the June 17 storms that inundated some areas of
western Pennsylvania with nearly 4 inches of rain in about a six-hour period.
Dozens of homes and businesses were affected.

The flooded communities were denied assistance from the Federal Emergency
Management Agency.

The state grant funding includes:

o $65,000 to remove vegetation along the concrete wall, prepare contract
drawings and specifications, prepare the surface and furnish and install other
related equipment. Total cost of the project is expected to be $126,681.57; the
grant request was for $82,343.01; the city's match is $19,881.

o $30,591 to purchase water-rescue equipment for the fire department. Total cost
is $61,182.95; grant request was $30,591.47; city's match is $30,591.48.

o $27,223 to install a permanent mounted generator and an automatic transfer
switch at the project's emergency operation center. Total cost is $41,882.04;
grant request was $27,223.33; city's match is $14,658.71.

o $5,941 to spray and cut vegetation at the Bull Run Dam and the Brush Creek
Levee. Total cost is $9,140; grant request was $4,570; city's match is $4,570.

Ed Antonacci, city engineer, said he was pleased the city will be receiving
money for each of the four projects for which he sought funding.

"I applied for four of them and we got all four. That's great news," Antonacci
said. "I think that's fantastic."

Mayor Robert Carter, who serves as safety officer for the fire department and
the city's deputy director of emergency management, said the projects will help
alleviate flooding.

"At least we'll be able to say we did our part. We want to be able to have
free-flowing access for all the rainfall," Carter said. "It's going to be
something we can use to help alleviate some problems. You can't control the
water, but we can give as much assistance as we can to keep it from reoccurring.
It's a good start."

The state awards grants through its Flood Protection Grant Program to reimburse
municipalities, counties and municipal authorities that sponsor flood control
projects. The grants are available for up to 65 percent of the costs and
non-routine maintenance related to the projects.

Projects are also eligible for reimbursement of up to 50 percent of the cost of
specialized equipment needed for regular monitoring, operation and maintenance.

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2010 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              99 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                 The Foothills Sun-Gazette (Exeter, California)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               September 10, 2014

Historic grant helps drought project hold water;
Bank of Sierra grants $50,000 to fund Self Help pilot project to produce
portable water systems

BYLINE: The Foothills Sun-Gazette staff

LENGTH: 1301  words


Filling a pot with water to boil for dinner. Flushing the toilet. Taking a
shower. Brushing your teeth.

These are things we take for granted in today's world. But for the 300 people
living in Cameron Creek near Farmersville, water from the tap is a luxury not a
modem convenience. Maribel Sanchez and her family have been living without water
since May. She said it is a community effort just to do routine daily chores
such as washing dishes and doing laundry. She fills up two, 5 gallon buckets
from her neighbors' hose to flush her toilet, takes showers at her mother's
house and does laundry at her daughter's home in Farmersville.

"We have to wash my grandson with a sponge," she said. "We try to save all of
the water we can."

Sanchez said she had been buying bottled water to drink for herself, her
daughter Judith, son Hillberto and grandson Josiah. But even that option was
eliminated last month when she lost her job. Even if the out-of-work grandmother
could afford to drill a deeper well, most well companies have a backlog of
nearly two years. Buying bottled water was a adding up fast and leaving her home
would have probably bankrupted her personal finances. Faced with expensive
options increasingly out of her price, Sanchez said she wasn't sure there was an
answer to her problems.

"Water is a basic necessity and we really need the help and support in this
community during the drought," she said.

SHE Gets Help

The help she was looking for came earlier this month when Self Help Enterprises
(SHE) unveiled a new, portable and affordable water tank system on the dead
grass in front of Sanchez's home in the 16000 block of Dillon Avenue just
outside the Farmersville city limits.

Paul Boyer, a community development specialist with SHE and a Farmersville
resident, said the system uses a 1,000-gallon potable tank where water is
gravity fed to a 1 horsepower pump in the back yard. The pump builds up enough
water pressure to take a normal shower.

The entire system, including the tank, tank delivery, pump, piping and labor
cost $1,100 and all of" it was found locally in the Central Valley. The pump was
purchased from Harbor Freight Tools in Visalia and the tank from Snyder
Industries in Chowchilla, Calif. Boyer said those costs may be dropped further
through a partnership with CSET, which can provide skilled labor and has heavy
duty vehicles to deliver the tanks.

"This is the least expensive option we could come up with," Boyer said.

In a special effort to assist local families affected by California's water
crisis, Bank of the Sierra presented SHE with a check for $50,000, the largest
Sierra Grant donation in the bank's history, during a press conference at
Sanchez's home on Sept. 4. The funds have been specifically allocated to help
low- and moderate-income families in the Central Valley of California regain
access to water in their homes. Bank of the Sierra President and COO Kevin
McPhaill presented the check to Self-Help Enterprises CEO Tom Collishaw.

"The current water shortage is one of the biggest, if not the biggest challenge,
the Valley has faced. Not only is the intense drought affecting areas that were
already struggling to get access to clean drinking water, but it also poses
health risks to vulnerable populations, including the elderly, those with health
problems and low-income families," Collishaw said. "We greatly appreciate Bank
of the Sierra's donation to support our efforts. The Sierra Grant will have a
direct impact on our efforts to provide much needed assistance to families who
have been adversely affected by the drought."

Tulare and Kings Counties are among the 58 percent of California that is in an
Exceptional Drought, the US Drought Monitor's most extreme drought category.
Thousands of residents across the Central Valley have survived months without
water to drink, cook, clean, shower or run a swamp cooler during the sweltering
summer. With no precipitation in sight, drought conditions are expected to
escalate and the water shortage will continue to affect people who depend on
rainfall and snowmelt to replenish their well water supply"California is facing
the worst drought in over a century, and many of our communities and customers
have been severely affected," stated Jim Holly, Bank of the Sierra CEO.
"Self-Help Enterprises has been instrumental in connecting local families with
the resources necessary to implement temporary and permanent water solutions
since this drought started. We are pleased to offer this grant, knowing the
funds will help counter the effects of the catastrophic water situation with
which we are faced," continued Holly.

McPhaill invited Valley businesses and individuals to join Bank of the Sierra in
support of local families in need by donating to Self-Help Enterprises' drought
relief efforts. As a community, we can come together to help Valley residents in
our own backyard who are facing extreme water challenges and are in desperate
need of emergency relief during this persistent drought.

The water system is just one of the ways Self-Help Enterprises is working with
communities and families to provide immediate, interim assistance to residents
affected by the drought, while working toward long-term solutions. Other
activities include: providing low-interest loans to drill new or deepen existing
private wells; securing emergency funding for delivery of bottled drinking water
; securing funding to drill deeper wells for rural community water systems; and
securing funding to connect drought stricken areas to nearby community water
systems.

For more information about Self-Help Enterprises' drought relief assistance or
to make a donation, please contact (559) 802-1689.

Temporary Fix

Boyer said the most expensive part of the equation will not be building the
systems but keeping them full of water. He said a normal household uses about
1,000 gallons of water per week and even the strictest households, like those in
Fairmead, Calif., still use about 400 gallons per week.

"We haven't priced out how much it will cost to refill them, but this is still
our best option," he said.

Boyer said the tanks are a temporary fix until Cameron Creek homes can be
connected to the City of Farmersville's water system supplied by wells more than
100 feet deeper than any in the unincorporated community. That project,
estimated to cost $1 million, will be funded between a $500,000 grant from the
US Department of Agriculture's Rural Development and the California Department
of Public Health.

On July 19, US Agriculture Secretary Vil-sack and an entourage of U.S.
Department of Agriculture officials met with local and county representatives
and toured the homes of Cameron Creek residents Carlen Overby and Bob Sams.
Vilsack's visit was to announce $9.7 million in emergency water assistance for
25 Valley communities including Cameron Creek.

Boyer said Self Help's monitoring well in the area showed a sharp decline from
25 feet deep in October 2011 to more than 70 feet in June. About 10 percent of
the town's residents have no access to water because their wells have run dry.
Others have only intermittent access. Self Help reported in July that 12 of the
80 domestic wells had gone dry.

The state and federal funding will cover the cost to extend City water pipelines
down Avenue 291, Dillon Avenue, Road 166 and Teresa Street in Cameron Creek. It
will also cover the meter installation at each hook up. Residents willbe asked
to cover the cost of connecting the house to the meter (a few hundred dollars
depending on the distance) and a City hook-up fee of $92.50.

Boyer said the beauty of the systems is that when permanent solutions to the
water crisis are found at individual homes and small, rural communities, the
pilot systems can be packed up, relocated and reassembled easily at another
home.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FSG

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                    Copyright 2014 The Foothills Sun-Gazette


                              100 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 20, 2014 Saturday

Washington: Congress Funds Majority of Government Through 2015

LENGTH: 1566  words

DATELINE: Washington


The Heartland Institute has issued the following news release:

This week, shortly before adjourning, Congress passed a continuing
resolution/omnibus measure to fund the bulk of the federal government through
the end of the fiscal year, September 2015. The $1.1 trillion spending measure
passed the House of Representatives by a vote of 219-206, and the Senate by a
vote of 56-40, after extended debate in both chambers. It encompasses 11 full
appropriations bills that fund federal agencies through the end of FY2015, and
one continuing resolution that funds the Department of Homeland Security only
until Feb. 27, 2015, in response to President Obama's recent executive action on
immigration. Click below to read a brief analysis of the impact of the budget on
cities' top federal program priorities in the following areas:

Transportation
 Housing and Community Development
 Workforce Development, Education, and Health and Human Services
 Energy and Environment
 Public Safety and Homeland Security

Transportation

Local priorities for transportation are predominantly funded through three
programs: the transit program, the TIGER grants program and the federal highways
program. Funding through the transit and TIGER programs is allocated directly to
local governments, and funding through the federal highways program is allocated
to the states to fund projects that may include local priorities.

The omnibus provides $10.9 billion for transit programs to improve subway, light
rail and bus rapid transit services; $500 million for TIGER grants that are
awarded competitively to state and local governments to support roads and
bridges, railroads, transit systems and port infrastructure; and $40.3 billion
for the federal highways program to fund road and bridge projects authorized
under the Moving Ahead for Progress in the 21st Century Act (MAP-21). These
amounts are approximately level with FY 2014. The omnibus also provides new
funding and policy changes to increase the rail safety of crude oil shipments,
changes for which NLC has advocated. Among the changes, the bill provides for
hiring new rail and hazardous materials inspectors, expanding the use of
automated track inspections and funds improvements in the classification of
hazardous materials, safe design for rail cars, railroad grade crossings on
routes that transport energy products and training for emergency responders.
Housing and Community Development

Housing subsidies are allocated through two Section 8 rental assistance
programs, which the omnibus funds at $19.3 billion and $9.7 billion, to support
over three million low-income families and individuals, including elderly and
disabled residents. Funding for the Section 8 program also includes $75 million
for the Department of Housing and Urban Development's Veterans Affairs
Supportive Housing (HUD-VASH) program to provide housing for 10,000 additional
veterans experiencing homelessness. HUD-VASH has helped reduce homelessness
among veterans by 33 percent since 2010, a program priority for NLC.

The omnibus allocates $2.14 billion for Homeless Assistance Grants that fund
locally-administered programs to provide families and individuals access to
permanent supportive housing, rapid rehousing and emergency shelters.

As in previous years, the omnibus bill reduces overall funding for community
development grants allocated directly to local governments. The reduction is a
result of HUD dollars being redirected to the Section 8 program to offset the
inflationary costs of housing and to maintain existing housing vouchers.
However, as a result of NLC's ongoing advocacy for the Community Development
Block Grant program (CDBG), the omnibus bill provides approximately level
funding for CDBG at $3 billion to support housing and economic development
projects in urban and rural communities across the county.

The omnibus also provides $80 million for Choice Neighborhoods grants for local
projects that tear down and rebuild distressed public housing; and $900 million
for the HOME Investment Partnership Program, which is $100 million less than FY
2014 and consistent with the $127 million increase for the Section 8 program.
Workforce Development, Education and Health and Human Services

Changes in funding for workforce and human development programs from FY2014
levels were small, in large part because of the budget agreement that stopped
sequestration for the 2014 and 2015 fiscal years and established very similar
funding caps for each fiscal year. With a few exceptions, Congress maintained or
increased funding for programs important to cities in these areas.

Overall funding for health programs through the Department of Health and Human
Services increased by $71 billion over FY2014 to $692 billion. Funding for the
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, Head Start, the Low Income Home
Energy Assistance Program, and the Social Services Block Grant program remained
level. Funding for the National Institutes of Health increased by $150 million,
to $30 billion.

Funding for the Workforce Investment and Opportunities Act also increased
overall. While Congress increased funding for adult employment and training
programs for 2015 from $766 million to $776 million, and youth programs from
$820 million to $831 million, it chose to level fund the dislocated worker
program at $1 billion. YouthBuild saw a slight increase from $77 to $79 million
while Native American, Migrant and Seasonal Farmworker, Job Corps and Senior
Employment programs were all level funded.

Overall funding for the Department of Education dropped slightly, from $70.6
billion to $70.4 billion. Congress level funded the Department of Education's
Title I program at $14.4 billion and the Individuals with Disabilities Education
Act (IDEA), more commonly referred to as special education, at $11.5 billion,
but reduced funding for Pell from $22.7 billion to $22.4 billion.
Energy and Environment
Clean Water and Drinking Water State Revolving Loan Funds

The Clean Water and Drinking Water State Revolving Loan Funds (SRFs) received a
total of $2.35 billion in the FY15 omnibus, with the Clean Water SRF receiving
$1.448 billion and the Drinking Water SRF receiving $906 million. These figures
represent level funding from the FY14 omnibus and are higher than the
president's budget request. The SRFs are an integral tool used by local
governments to comply with the federal Clean Water Act and the Safe Drinking
Water Act and upgrade and improve our nation's clean water and drinking water
infrastructure through projects such as pipe replacement, stormwater mitigation
and source water protection.

Additionally, the omnibus also provides that:

10 percent of the Clean Water SRF funds be used for projects that address green
infrastructure, water or energy efficiency improvements, or other
environmentally innovative activities.
 No less than 20 percent but no more than 30 percent of both SRF funds be in the
form of additional subsidization for local governments, such as principal
forgiveness, negative interest loans, or grants (or a combination thereof).

Superfund and Brownfields

The omnibus package provides a slight decrease in funding for both the Superfund
and Brownfields programs, with $1.088 billion (down from $1.1 billion in FY14)
and $80 million (down from $90 million in FY14) appropriated respectively. These
programs are used for the restoration and redevelopment of abandoned or
under-utilized industrial and commercial sites, which are frequently
contaminated due to past use.
Policy Riders

The omnibus does not include the most contentious environmental policy riders
(those pertaining to the EPA's proposed rulemakings on "Waters of the U.S." and
greenhouse gas emissions), however, NLC expects that these issues will be
subject to debate in the next Congress.
Energy Efficiency and the Weatherization Assistance Program

Overall, the U.S. Department of Energy Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable
Energy will receive $1.937 billion for research, development and programs
related to solar, wind, vehicle and building technologies and advanced
manufacturing. Included in that figure is $190 million for the Weatherization
Assistance Program (an increase of $16 million over FY14), which helps
low-income families improve the energy efficiency of their homes and reduce
their energy bills.
Public Safety and Homeland Security

Congress allocated $27 billion to support key U.S. Department of Justice
programs championed by NLC. The funding included $68 million to continue to fund
grants through the Second Chance Act, $8.5 million for the Justice and Mental
Health Collaboration Program (created by the Mentally Ill Offender Treatment and
Crime Reduction Act) , and $214 million for the Community Oriented Policing
Services program.

The continuing resolution stopgap spending portion of the bill freezes funding
levels for the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) through Feb. 27. The
uncertainty of DHS appropriations for the remainder of the year could delay
application and funding process for the 2015 State and Local Homeland Security
Grants, Urban Area Security Initiative Grants and other Federal Emergency
Management Agency Grants. This will impact the ability of cities to move forward
with public safety programs that are funded by DHS grants.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              101 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                            April 12, 2007 Thursday

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 8a

LENGTH: 460 words


Legislators are well aware that there's a world of difference between "may" and
"shall" in the language of the bills they write.

Charting the tortuous course a particular one-paragraph bill took through the
Legislature, having been thoroughly debated and much amended, it only can be
understood that the permissive sense of "may" was the lawmakers' intent.

It allows that the state water commission "may establish an emergency municipal,
tribal and rural water assistance program for (those) whose primary source of
water is the Missouri River, Lake Sakakawea or Lake Oahe. The commission may
establish procedures, cost-share guidelines and other criteria for (those) that
request emergency assistance. ..."

In concise terms, the Legislature gave generous permission to a commission to
give assistance without so far having to appropriate a penny to accomplish it.

It's the deluxe governmental "if" - if it seems like the right thing to do, the
commission can assist a community that's running dry because the level of the
river or one of its reservoirs drops below the system's intake.

Rep. Rod Froelich, D-Selfridge, made a fitting observation during debate in the
House, telling his fellow members that a week earlier, when they voted favorably
on committing the state to deliver Missouri River water to the Red River Valley,
"we didn't have (any) such thing as 'may.' Here we live along Lake Oahe and Lake
Sakakawea, the people that need the water the most, right now, and we're saying
we 'may' do this. Ladies and gentlemen, I think that's wrong."

The Legislature gave itself no wiggle room in making a commitment - yes,
commitment - to the project to send water eastward.

Fine. An unequivocal decision is commendable.

Unless the Legislature includes in its final budget help for communities such as
Parshall, Garrison, Fort Yates and others, the towns are in an uncertain
position.

It's not like there's an extra $23 million in small bills reposing in a box in
the office of the water commission to help Parshall solve its water intake
problems.

Gov. John Hoeven made a helpful move last week in declaring a Missouri River
drought emergency.

The declaration may (there's that word again) clear the way to federal aid - no
guarantees.

House Bill 1513 expresses the best intentions, particularly in explaining its
purpose:"... to provide emergency grant funds to municipalities, tribes and
rural water systems facing a critical need or health risk as a result of the
inability of the water intake system ... to supply an adequate quantity of
quality water ... ."

The water commission should be prepared to raid some piggy banks to make good on
the intention and provide those grants, because the need likely will be real
until the river starts acting more like its old self.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2007 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              102 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                            February 13, 2005 Sunday
                                  City Edition

Federal programs facing elimination

SECTION: A; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 1174 words


The 154 programs that President Bush wants to eliminate or cut in his 2006
budget proposal. Bush would terminate 99 programs and make major spending
reductions in 55. Separately, the administration listed eight major reforms Bush
proposed that also would produce spending cuts.

Of the terminations, Bush has recommended 59 of them before.

TERMINATIONS

Agriculture Department

AMS Biotechnology Program

Forest Service Economic Action Program

High Cost Energy Grants

NRCS Watershed and Flood Prevention Operations

Research and Extension Grant Earmarks and Low Priority Programs

Commerce Department

Advanced Technology Program

Emergency Steel Guarantee Loan Program

Public Telecommunications

Facilities, Planning and Construction Program

Education Department

Comprehensive School Reform

Educational Technology State Grants

Even Start

High School Program Terminations:

Vocational Education State Grants

Vocational Education National Activities

Tech Prep State Grants

Upward Bound

Talent Search

GEAR UP

Smaller Learning Communities

Perkins Loans: Capital Contributions and Loan Cancellations

Regional Education Laboratories

Safe and Drug Free Schools State Grants

Small Elementary and Secondary Education Programs:

Javits Gifted and Talented Education

National Writing Project

School Leadership

Dropout Prevention ProgramZ

Close Up Fellowships

Ready to Teach

Parental Information and Resource Centers

Alcohol Abuse Reduction

Foundations for Learning

Mental Health Integration in Schools

Community Technology Centers

Exchanges with Historic Whaling and Trading Partners

Foreign Language Assistance

Excellence in Economic Education

Arts in Education

Women's Educational Equity

Elementary and Secondary School Counseling

Civic Education

Star Schools

Smaller Higher Education Programs:

Higher Education Demos for Students w/Disabilities

Underground Railroad Program

Interest Subsidy Grants

Small Job Training and Adult Education Programs:

Occupational and Employment Information

Tech-prep Demonstration

Literacy Programs for Prisoners

State Grants for Incarcerated Youth

Small Postsecondary Student Financial Assistance Programs:

LEAP

Byrd Scholarships

B.J. Stupak Olympic Scholarships

Thurgood Marshall Legal Opportunity

Small Vocational Rehabilitation Programs:

Vocational Rehabilitation Recreational Programs

Vocational Rehab (VR) Migrant and Seasonal Workers

Projects with Industry

Supported Employment

Teacher Quality Enhancement Program

Energy Department

Hydropower Program

Nuclear Energy Plant Optimization

Nuclear Energy Research Initiative

Oil and Gas Programs

Health and Human Services Department

ACF Community Service Programs

ACF Early Learning Opportunities Fund

CDC Congressional Earmarks

CDC Preventive Health and Health Services Block Grant

CDC Youth Media Campaign

Direct Service Worker Delivery Grants

HRSA Emergency Medical Services for Children

HRSA Health Facilities Construction Congressional Earmarks

HRSA Healthy Community Access Program

HRSA State Planning Grant Program

HRSA Trauma Care

HRSA Traumatic Brain Injury

HRSA Universal Newborn Hearing Screening

Real Choice Systems Change Grants

Housing and Urban Development Department

HOPE VI

Interior Department

BLM Jobs-in-the-Woods Program

LWCF State Recreation Grants (NPS)

National Park Service Statutory Aid

Rural Fire Assistance (BLM, NPS, FWS, BIA)

Justice Department

Byrne Discretionary Grants

Byrne Justice Assistance Grants

COPS Hiring Grants

COPS Interoperable Communications Technology Grants

COPS Law Enforcement Technology Grants

Juvenile Accountability Block Grants

National Drug Intelligence Center

Other State/Local Law Enforcement Assistance Program Terminations

State Criminal Alien Assistance Program (SCAAP)

Labor Department

Migrant and Seasonal Farm Worker Training Program

Reintegration of Youthful Offenders

Transportation Department

National Defense Tank Vessel Construction Program

Railroad Rehabilitation Infrastructure Financing Loan Program

Enviromental Protection Agency

Unrequested Projects

Water Quality Cooperative Agreements

National Aeronautics and Space Administration

Hubble Space Telescope Robotic Servicing Mission

Other Agencies

National Veterans Business Development Corp.

Postal Service: Revenue Forgone Appropriation

SBA: Microloan Program

SBA: Small Business Investment Company (SBIC) Participating Securities Program

MAJOR REDUCTIONS

Agriculture Department

Federal (In-House) Research

Forest Service Capital Improve and Maintenance

Forest Service Wildland Fire Management (incl. supp. and emergency funding)

Biomass Research and Development

Broadband

CCC - Bioenergy

CCC - Market Access Program

Farm Bill Programs (EQIP)

Farm Bill Programs (CSP)

Farm Bill Programs (WHIP)

Farm Bill Program (Farm and Ranchland Protection)

Farm Bill Programs (Ag. Management Assistance)

IFAS

Renewable Energy

Rural Firefighter Grants

Rural Strategic Investment Program

Rural Business Investment Program

Value-added Grants

Watershed Rehabilitation

NRCS Conservation Operations

NRCS Resource Conservation and Development Program

Water and Wastewater Grants and Loans

Commerce Department

Manufacturing Extension Partnership

Education Department

Adult Education State Grants

State Grants for Innovation

Energy Department

Environmental Management

Health and Human Services Department

HRSA Children's Hospitals GME Payment Program

HRSA Health Professions

HRSA Rural Health

SAMHSA Programs of Regional and National Significance

State, Local & Hospital Bioterrorism Preparedness Grants

Housing and Urban Development

Department

Housing for Persons with Disabilities

Native American Housing Block Grant

Public Housing Capital Fund

Interior Department

Bureau of Indian Affairs School Construction

National Heritage Area Grants

Payments in Lieu of Taxes

USGS, Mineral Resources Program

Justice Department

Federal Bureau of Prisons Construction Program

High Intensity Drug Trafficking Areas Program

Juvenile Justice Law Enforcement Assistance Programs

Labor Department

International Labor Affairs Bureau

Office of Disability Employment Policy

Workforce Investment Act Pilots and Demonstrations

State Department

Assistance for the Independent States of the Former Soviet Union

Transportation Department

FAA - Facilities and Equipment

FAA - Airport Improvement Program (Oblim)

FRA - Next Generation High Speed Rail

Treasury Department

Internal Revenue Service - Taxpayer Service

Environmental Protection Agency

Alaska Native Villages

Clean Water State Revolving Fund

National Aeronautics

and Space Administration

Aeronautics: Vehicle Systems Program

Jupiter Icy Moons Orbiter

Other Agencies

Archives: National Historical Publications & Records Commission

U.S. Institute of Peace: Construction of New Building

MAJOR REFORMS

Agriculture: Rural Telephone Bank

Commerce: Economic and Community Development Programs

Homeland Security: State and Local Homeland Security Grants

Homeland Security: Transportation Security Administration, Recover Aviation
Security Screening Costs Through Fees

Labor: Job Training Reform, Consolidate Grants Program

Transportation: Amtrak

Army Corps of Engineers (Civil Works): Performance Guidelines for Funding
Construction Projects

U.S. Agency for International Development and Department of Agriculture:
International Food Aid

- The Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              103 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 27, 2014 Saturday

Washington: Congress Funds Majority of Government Through 2015

LENGTH: 1570  words

DATELINE: Washington


National League of Cities has issued the following news release:

This week, shortly before adjourning, Congress passed a continuing
resolution/omnibus measure to fund the bulk of the federal government through
the end of the fiscal year, September 2015. The $1.1 trillion spending measure
passed the House of Representatives by a vote of 219-206, and the Senate by a
vote of 56-40, after extended debate in both chambers. It encompasses 11 full
appropriations bills that fund federal agencies through the end of FY2015, and
one continuing resolution that funds the Department of Homeland Security only
until Feb. 27, 2015, in response to President Obama's recent executive action on
immigration. Click below to read a brief analysis of the impact of the budget on
cities' top federal program priorities in the following areas:

Transportation
    Housing and Community Development
    Workforce Development, Education, and Health and Human Services
    Energy and Environment
    Public Safety and Homeland Security

Transportation

Local priorities for transportation are predominantly funded through three
programs: the transit program, the TIGER grants program and the federal highways
program. Funding through the transit and TIGER programs is allocated directly to
local governments, and funding through the federal highways program is allocated
to the states to fund projects that may include local priorities.

The omnibus provides $10.9 billion for transit programs to improve subway, light
rail and bus rapid transit services; $500 million for TIGER grants that are
awarded competitively to state and local governments to support roads and
bridges, railroads, transit systems and port infrastructure; and $40.3 billion
for the federal highways program to fund road and bridge projects authorized
under the Moving Ahead for Progress in the 21st Century Act (MAP-21). These
amounts are approximately level with FY 2014. The omnibus also provides new
funding and policy changes to increase the rail safety of crude oil shipments,
changes for which NLC has advocated. Among the changes, the bill provides for
hiring new rail and hazardous materials inspectors, expanding the use of
automated track inspections and funds improvements in the classification of
hazardous materials, safe design for rail cars, railroad grade crossings on
routes that transport energy products and training for emergency responders.
Housing and Community Development

Housing subsidies are allocated through two Section 8 rental assistance
programs, which the omnibus funds at $19.3 billion and $9.7 billion, to support
over three million low-income families and individuals, including elderly and
disabled residents. Funding for the Section 8 program also includes $75 million
for the Department of Housing and Urban Development's Veterans Affairs
Supportive Housing (HUD-VASH) program to provide housing for 10,000 additional
veterans experiencing homelessness. HUD-VASH has helped reduce homelessness
among veterans by 33 percent since 2010, a program priority for NLC.

The omnibus allocates $2.14 billion for Homeless Assistance Grants that fund
locally-administered programs to provide families and individuals access to
permanent supportive housing, rapid rehousing and emergency shelters.

As in previous years, the omnibus bill reduces overall funding for community
development grants allocated directly to local governments. The reduction is a
result of HUD dollars being redirected to the Section 8 program to offset the
inflationary costs of housing and to maintain existing housing vouchers.
However, as a result of NLC's ongoing advocacy for the Community Development
Block Grant program (CDBG), the omnibus bill provides approximately level
funding for CDBG at $3 billion to support housing and economic development
projects in urban and rural communities across the county.

The omnibus also provides $80 million for Choice Neighborhoods grants for local
projects that tear down and rebuild distressed public housing; and $900 million
for the HOME Investment Partnership Program, which is $100 million less than FY
2014 and consistent with the $127 million increase for the Section 8 program.
Workforce Development, Education and Health and Human Services

Changes in funding for workforce and human development programs from FY2014
levels were small, in large part because of the budget agreement that stopped
sequestration for the 2014 and 2015 fiscal years and established very similar
funding caps for each fiscal year. With a few exceptions, Congress maintained or
increased funding for programs important to cities in these areas.

Overall funding for health programs through the Department of Health and Human
Services increased by $71 billion over FY2014 to $692 billion. Funding for the
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, Head Start, the Low Income Home
Energy Assistance Program, and the Social Services Block Grant program remained
level. Funding for the National Institutes of Health increased by $150 million,
to $30 billion.

Funding for the Workforce Investment and Opportunities Act also increased
overall. While Congress increased funding for adult employment and training
programs for 2015 from $766 million to $776 million, and youth programs from
$820 million to $831 million, it chose to level fund the dislocated worker
program at $1 billion. YouthBuild saw a slight increase from $77 to $79 million
while Native American, Migrant and Seasonal Farmworker, Job Corps and Senior
Employment programs were all level funded.

Overall funding for the Department of Education dropped slightly, from $70.6
billion to $70.4 billion. Congress level funded the Department of Education's
Title I program at $14.4 billion and the Individuals with Disabilities Education
Act (IDEA), more commonly referred to as special education, at $11.5 billion,
but reduced funding for Pell from $22.7 billion to $22.4 billion.
Energy and Environment
Clean Water and Drinking Water State Revolving Loan Funds

The Clean Water and Drinking Water State Revolving Loan Funds (SRFs) received a
total of $2.35 billion in the FY15 omnibus, with the Clean Water SRF receiving
$1.448 billion and the Drinking Water SRF receiving $906 million. These figures
represent level funding from the FY14 omnibus and are higher than the
president's budget request. The SRFs are an integral tool used by local
governments to comply with the federal Clean Water Act and the Safe Drinking
Water Act and upgrade and improve our nation's clean water and drinking water
infrastructure through projects such as pipe replacement, stormwater mitigation
and source water protection.

Additionally, the omnibus also provides that:

10 percent of the Clean Water SRF funds be used for projects that address green
infrastructure, water or energy efficiency improvements, or other
environmentally innovative activities.
    No less than 20 percent but no more than 30 percent of both SRF funds be in
the form of additional subsidization for local governments, such as principal
forgiveness, negative interest loans, or grants (or a combination thereof).

Superfund and Brownfields

The omnibus package provides a slight decrease in funding for both the Superfund
and Brownfields programs, with $1.088 billion (down from $1.1 billion in FY14)
and $80 million (down from $90 million in FY14) appropriated respectively. These
programs are used for the restoration and redevelopment of abandoned or
under-utilized industrial and commercial sites, which are frequently
contaminated due to past use.
Policy Riders

The omnibus does not include the most contentious environmental policy riders
(those pertaining to the EPA's proposed rulemakings on "Waters of the U.S." and
greenhouse gas emissions), however, NLC expects that these issues will be
subject to debate in the next Congress.
Energy Efficiency and the Weatherization Assistance Program

Overall, the U.S. Department of Energy Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable
Energy will receive $1.937 billion for research, development and programs
related to solar, wind, vehicle and building technologies and advanced
manufacturing. Included in that figure is $190 million for the Weatherization
Assistance Program (an increase of $16 million over FY14), which helps
low-income families improve the energy efficiency of their homes and reduce
their energy bills.
Public Safety and Homeland Security

Congress allocated $27 billion to support key U.S. Department of Justice
programs championed by NLC. The funding included $68 million to continue to fund
grants through the Second Chance Act, $8.5 million for the Justice and Mental
Health Collaboration Program (created by the Mentally Ill Offender Treatment and
Crime Reduction Act) , and $214 million for the Community Oriented Policing
Services program.

The continuing resolution stopgap spending portion of the bill freezes funding
levels for the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) through Feb. 27. The
uncertainty of DHS appropriations for the remainder of the year could delay
application and funding process for the 2015 State and Local Homeland Security
Grants, Urban Area Security Initiative Grants and other Federal Emergency
Management Agency Grants. This will impact the ability of cities to move forward
with public safety programs that are funded by DHS grants.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              104 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 25, 2014 Thursday

Washington: Congress Funds Majority of Government Through 2015

LENGTH: 1570 words

DATELINE: Washington


National League of Cities has issued the following news release:

This week, shortly before adjourning, Congress passed a continuing
resolution/omnibus measure to fund the bulk of the federal government through
the end of the fiscal year, September 2015. The $1.1 trillion spending measure
passed the House of Representatives by a vote of 219-206, and the Senate by a
vote of 56-40, after extended debate in both chambers. It encompasses 11 full
appropriations bills that fund federal agencies through the end of FY2015, and
one continuing resolution that funds the Department of Homeland Security only
until Feb. 27, 2015, in response to President Obama's recent executive action on
immigration. Click below to read a brief analysis of the impact of the budget on
cities' top federal program priorities in the following areas:

Transportation
    Housing and Community Development
    Workforce Development, Education, and Health and Human Services
    Energy and Environment
    Public Safety and Homeland Security

Transportation

Local priorities for transportation are predominantly funded through three
programs: the transit program, the TIGER grants program and the federal highways
program. Funding through the transit and TIGER programs is allocated directly to
local governments, and funding through the federal highways program is allocated
to the states to fund projects that may include local priorities.

The omnibus provides $10.9 billion for transit programs to improve subway, light
rail and bus rapid transit services; $500 million for TIGER grants that are
awarded competitively to state and local governments to support roads and
bridges, railroads, transit systems and port infrastructure; and $40.3 billion
for the federal highways program to fund road and bridge projects authorized
under the Moving Ahead for Progress in the 21st Century Act (MAP-21). These
amounts are approximately level with FY 2014. The omnibus also provides new
funding and policy changes to increase the rail safety of crude oil shipments,
changes for which NLC has advocated. Among the changes, the bill provides for
hiring new rail and hazardous materials inspectors, expanding the use of
automated track inspections and funds improvements in the classification of
hazardous materials, safe design for rail cars, railroad grade crossings on
routes that transport energy products and training for emergency responders.
Housing and Community Development

Housing subsidies are allocated through two Section 8 rental assistance
programs, which the omnibus funds at $19.3 billion and $9.7 billion, to support
over three million low-income families and individuals, including elderly and
disabled residents. Funding for the Section 8 program also includes $75 million
for the Department of Housing and Urban Development's Veterans Affairs
Supportive Housing (HUD-VASH) program to provide housing for 10,000 additional
veterans experiencing homelessness. HUD-VASH has helped reduce homelessness
among veterans by 33 percent since 2010, a program priority for NLC.

The omnibus allocates $2.14 billion for Homeless Assistance Grants that fund
locally-administered programs to provide families and individuals access to
permanent supportive housing, rapid rehousing and emergency shelters.

As in previous years, the omnibus bill reduces overall funding for community
development grants allocated directly to local governments. The reduction is a
result of HUD dollars being redirected to the Section 8 program to offset the
inflationary costs of housing and to maintain existing housing vouchers.
However, as a result of NLC's ongoing advocacy for the Community Development
Block Grant program (CDBG), the omnibus bill provides approximately level
funding for CDBG at $3 billion to support housing and economic development
projects in urban and rural communities across the county.

The omnibus also provides $80 million for Choice Neighborhoods grants for local
projects that tear down and rebuild distressed public housing; and $900 million
for the HOME Investment Partnership Program, which is $100 million less than FY
2014 and consistent with the $127 million increase for the Section 8 program.
Workforce Development, Education and Health and Human Services

Changes in funding for workforce and human development programs from FY2014
levels were small, in large part because of the budget agreement that stopped
sequestration for the 2014 and 2015 fiscal years and established very similar
funding caps for each fiscal year. With a few exceptions, Congress maintained or
increased funding for programs important to cities in these areas.

Overall funding for health programs through the Department of Health and Human
Services increased by $71 billion over FY2014 to $692 billion. Funding for the
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, Head Start, the Low Income Home
Energy Assistance Program, and the Social Services Block Grant program remained
level. Funding for the National Institutes of Health increased by $150 million,
to $30 billion.

Funding for the Workforce Investment and Opportunities Act also increased
overall. While Congress increased funding for adult employment and training
programs for 2015 from $766 million to $776 million, and youth programs from
$820 million to $831 million, it chose to level fund the dislocated worker
program at $1 billion. YouthBuild saw a slight increase from $77 to $79 million
while Native American, Migrant and Seasonal Farmworker, Job Corps and Senior
Employment programs were all level funded.

Overall funding for the Department of Education dropped slightly, from $70.6
billion to $70.4 billion. Congress level funded the Department of Education's
Title I program at $14.4 billion and the Individuals with Disabilities Education
Act (IDEA), more commonly referred to as special education, at $11.5 billion,
but reduced funding for Pell from $22.7 billion to $22.4 billion.
Energy and Environment
Clean Water and Drinking Water State Revolving Loan Funds

The Clean Water and Drinking Water State Revolving Loan Funds (SRFs) received a
total of $2.35 billion in the FY15 omnibus, with the Clean Water SRF receiving
$1.448 billion and the Drinking Water SRF receiving $906 million. These figures
represent level funding from the FY14 omnibus and are higher than the
president's budget request. The SRFs are an integral tool used by local
governments to comply with the federal Clean Water Act and the Safe Drinking
Water Act and upgrade and improve our nation's clean water and drinking water
infrastructure through projects such as pipe replacement, stormwater mitigation
and source water protection.

Additionally, the omnibus also provides that:

10 percent of the Clean Water SRF funds be used for projects that address green
infrastructure, water or energy efficiency improvements, or other
environmentally innovative activities.
    No less than 20 percent but no more than 30 percent of both SRF funds be in
the form of additional subsidization for local governments, such as principal
forgiveness, negative interest loans, or grants (or a combination thereof).

Superfund and Brownfields

The omnibus package provides a slight decrease in funding for both the Superfund
and Brownfields programs, with $1.088 billion (down from $1.1 billion in FY14)
and $80 million (down from $90 million in FY14) appropriated respectively. These
programs are used for the restoration and redevelopment of abandoned or
under-utilized industrial and commercial sites, which are frequently
contaminated due to past use.
Policy Riders

The omnibus does not include the most contentious environmental policy riders
(those pertaining to the EPA's proposed rulemakings on "Waters of the U.S." and
greenhouse gas emissions), however, NLC expects that these issues will be
subject to debate in the next Congress.
Energy Efficiency and the Weatherization Assistance Program

Overall, the U.S. Department of Energy Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable
Energy will receive $1.937 billion for research, development and programs
related to solar, wind, vehicle and building technologies and advanced
manufacturing. Included in that figure is $190 million for the Weatherization
Assistance Program (an increase of $16 million over FY14), which helps
low-income families improve the energy efficiency of their homes and reduce
their energy bills.
Public Safety and Homeland Security

Congress allocated $27 billion to support key U.S. Department of Justice
programs championed by NLC. The funding included $68 million to continue to fund
grants through the Second Chance Act, $8.5 million for the Justice and Mental
Health Collaboration Program (created by the Mentally Ill Offender Treatment and
Crime Reduction Act) , and $214 million for the Community Oriented Policing
Services program.

The continuing resolution stopgap spending portion of the bill freezes funding
levels for the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) through Feb. 27. The
uncertainty of DHS appropriations for the remainder of the year could delay
application and funding process for the 2015 State and Local Homeland Security
Grants, Urban Area Security Initiative Grants and other Federal Emergency
Management Agency Grants. This will impact the ability of cities to move forward
with public safety programs that are funded by DHS grants.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              105 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 24, 2014 Wednesday

Washington: Congress Funds Majority of Government Through 2015

LENGTH: 1570  words

DATELINE: Washington


National League of Cities has issued the following news release:

This week, shortly before adjourning, Congress passed a continuing
resolution/omnibus measure to fund the bulk of the federal government through
the end of the fiscal year, September 2015. The $1.1 trillion spending measure
passed the House of Representatives by a vote of 219-206, and the Senate by a
vote of 56-40, after extended debate in both chambers. It encompasses 11 full
appropriations bills that fund federal agencies through the end of FY2015, and
one continuing resolution that funds the Department of Homeland Security only
until Feb. 27, 2015, in response to President Obama's recent executive action on
immigration. Click below to read a brief analysis of the impact of the budget on
cities' top federal program priorities in the following areas:

Transportation
    Housing and Community Development
    Workforce Development, Education, and Health and Human Services
    Energy and Environment
    Public Safety and Homeland Security

Transportation

Local priorities for transportation are predominantly funded through three
programs: the transit program, the TIGER grants program and the federal highways
program. Funding through the transit and TIGER programs is allocated directly to
local governments, and funding through the federal highways program is allocated
to the states to fund projects that may include local priorities.

The omnibus provides $10.9 billion for transit programs to improve subway, light
rail and bus rapid transit services; $500 million for TIGER grants that are
awarded competitively to state and local governments to support roads and
bridges, railroads, transit systems and port infrastructure; and $40.3 billion
for the federal highways program to fund road and bridge projects authorized
under the Moving Ahead for Progress in the 21st Century Act (MAP-21). These
amounts are approximately level with FY 2014. The omnibus also provides new
funding and policy changes to increase the rail safety of crude oil shipments,
changes for which NLC has advocated. Among the changes, the bill provides for
hiring new rail and hazardous materials inspectors, expanding the use of
automated track inspections and funds improvements in the classification of
hazardous materials, safe design for rail cars, railroad grade crossings on
routes that transport energy products and training for emergency responders.
Housing and Community Development

Housing subsidies are allocated through two Section 8 rental assistance
programs, which the omnibus funds at $19.3 billion and $9.7 billion, to support
over three million low-income families and individuals, including elderly and
disabled residents. Funding for the Section 8 program also includes $75 million
for the Department of Housing and Urban Development's Veterans Affairs
Supportive Housing (HUD-VASH) program to provide housing for 10,000 additional
veterans experiencing homelessness. HUD-VASH has helped reduce homelessness
among veterans by 33 percent since 2010, a program priority for NLC.

The omnibus allocates $2.14 billion for Homeless Assistance Grants that fund
locally-administered programs to provide families and individuals access to
permanent supportive housing, rapid rehousing and emergency shelters.

As in previous years, the omnibus bill reduces overall funding for community
development grants allocated directly to local governments. The reduction is a
result of HUD dollars being redirected to the Section 8 program to offset the
inflationary costs of housing and to maintain existing housing vouchers.
However, as a result of NLC's ongoing advocacy for the Community Development
Block Grant program (CDBG), the omnibus bill provides approximately level
funding for CDBG at $3 billion to support housing and economic development
projects in urban and rural communities across the county.

The omnibus also provides $80 million for Choice Neighborhoods grants for local
projects that tear down and rebuild distressed public housing; and $900 million
for the HOME Investment Partnership Program, which is $100 million less than FY
2014 and consistent with the $127 million increase for the Section 8 program.
Workforce Development, Education and Health and Human Services

Changes in funding for workforce and human development programs from FY2014
levels were small, in large part because of the budget agreement that stopped
sequestration for the 2014 and 2015 fiscal years and established very similar
funding caps for each fiscal year. With a few exceptions, Congress maintained or
increased funding for programs important to cities in these areas.

Overall funding for health programs through the Department of Health and Human
Services increased by $71 billion over FY2014 to $692 billion. Funding for the
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, Head Start, the Low Income Home
Energy Assistance Program, and the Social Services Block Grant program remained
level. Funding for the National Institutes of Health increased by $150 million,
to $30 billion.

Funding for the Workforce Investment and Opportunities Act also increased
overall. While Congress increased funding for adult employment and training
programs for 2015 from $766 million to $776 million, and youth programs from
$820 million to $831 million, it chose to level fund the dislocated worker
program at $1 billion. YouthBuild saw a slight increase from $77 to $79 million
while Native American, Migrant and Seasonal Farmworker, Job Corps and Senior
Employment programs were all level funded.

Overall funding for the Department of Education dropped slightly, from $70.6
billion to $70.4 billion. Congress level funded the Department of Education's
Title I program at $14.4 billion and the Individuals with Disabilities Education
Act (IDEA), more commonly referred to as special education, at $11.5 billion,
but reduced funding for Pell from $22.7 billion to $22.4 billion.
Energy and Environment
Clean Water and Drinking Water State Revolving Loan Funds

The Clean Water and Drinking Water State Revolving Loan Funds (SRFs) received a
total of $2.35 billion in the FY15 omnibus, with the Clean Water SRF receiving
$1.448 billion and the Drinking Water SRF receiving $906 million. These figures
represent level funding from the FY14 omnibus and are higher than the
president's budget request. The SRFs are an integral tool used by local
governments to comply with the federal Clean Water Act and the Safe Drinking
Water Act and upgrade and improve our nation's clean water and drinking water
infrastructure through projects such as pipe replacement, stormwater mitigation
and source water protection.

Additionally, the omnibus also provides that:

10 percent of the Clean Water SRF funds be used for projects that address green
infrastructure, water or energy efficiency improvements, or other
environmentally innovative activities.
    No less than 20 percent but no more than 30 percent of both SRF funds be in
the form of additional subsidization for local governments, such as principal
forgiveness, negative interest loans, or grants (or a combination thereof).

Superfund and Brownfields

The omnibus package provides a slight decrease in funding for both the Superfund
and Brownfields programs, with $1.088 billion (down from $1.1 billion in FY14)
and $80 million (down from $90 million in FY14) appropriated respectively. These
programs are used for the restoration and redevelopment of abandoned or
under-utilized industrial and commercial sites, which are frequently
contaminated due to past use.
Policy Riders

The omnibus does not include the most contentious environmental policy riders
(those pertaining to the EPA's proposed rulemakings on "Waters of the U.S." and
greenhouse gas emissions), however, NLC expects that these issues will be
subject to debate in the next Congress.
Energy Efficiency and the Weatherization Assistance Program

Overall, the U.S. Department of Energy Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable
Energy will receive $1.937 billion for research, development and programs
related to solar, wind, vehicle and building technologies and advanced
manufacturing. Included in that figure is $190 million for the Weatherization
Assistance Program (an increase of $16 million over FY14), which helps
low-income families improve the energy efficiency of their homes and reduce
their energy bills.
Public Safety and Homeland Security

Congress allocated $27 billion to support key U.S. Department of Justice
programs championed by NLC. The funding included $68 million to continue to fund
grants through the Second Chance Act, $8.5 million for the Justice and Mental
Health Collaboration Program (created by the Mentally Ill Offender Treatment and
Crime Reduction Act) , and $214 million for the Community Oriented Policing
Services program.

The continuing resolution stopgap spending portion of the bill freezes funding
levels for the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) through Feb. 27. The
uncertainty of DHS appropriations for the remainder of the year could delay
application and funding process for the 2015 State and Local Homeland Security
Grants, Urban Area Security Initiative Grants and other Federal Emergency
Management Agency Grants. This will impact the ability of cities to move forward
with public safety programs that are funded by DHS grants.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              106 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 23, 2014 Tuesday

Washington: Congress Funds Majority of Government Through 2015

LENGTH: 1570  words

DATELINE: Washington


National League of Cities has issued the following news release:

This week, shortly before adjourning, Congress passed a continuing
resolution/omnibus measure to fund the bulk of the federal government through
the end of the fiscal year, September 2015. The $1.1 trillion spending measure
passed the House of Representatives by a vote of 219-206, and the Senate by a
vote of 56-40, after extended debate in both chambers. It encompasses 11 full
appropriations bills that fund federal agencies through the end of FY2015, and
one continuing resolution that funds the Department of Homeland Security only
until Feb. 27, 2015, in response to President Obama's recent executive action on
immigration. Click below to read a brief analysis of the impact of the budget on
cities' top federal program priorities in the following areas:

Transportation
    Housing and Community Development
    Workforce Development, Education, and Health and Human Services
    Energy and Environment
    Public Safety and Homeland Security

Transportation

Local priorities for transportation are predominantly funded through three
programs: the transit program, the TIGER grants program and the federal highways
program. Funding through the transit and TIGER programs is allocated directly to
local governments, and funding through the federal highways program is allocated
to the states to fund projects that may include local priorities.

The omnibus provides $10.9 billion for transit programs to improve subway, light
rail and bus rapid transit services; $500 million for TIGER grants that are
awarded competitively to state and local governments to support roads and
bridges, railroads, transit systems and port infrastructure; and $40.3 billion
for the federal highways program to fund road and bridge projects authorized
under the Moving Ahead for Progress in the 21st Century Act (MAP-21). These
amounts are approximately level with FY 2014. The omnibus also provides new
funding and policy changes to increase the rail safety of crude oil shipments,
changes for which NLC has advocated. Among the changes, the bill provides for
hiring new rail and hazardous materials inspectors, expanding the use of
automated track inspections and funds improvements in the classification of
hazardous materials, safe design for rail cars, railroad grade crossings on
routes that transport energy products and training for emergency responders.
Housing and Community Development

Housing subsidies are allocated through two Section 8 rental assistance
programs, which the omnibus funds at $19.3 billion and $9.7 billion, to support
over three million low-income families and individuals, including elderly and
disabled residents. Funding for the Section 8 program also includes $75 million
for the Department of Housing and Urban Development's Veterans Affairs
Supportive Housing (HUD-VASH) program to provide housing for 10,000 additional
veterans experiencing homelessness. HUD-VASH has helped reduce homelessness
among veterans by 33 percent since 2010, a program priority for NLC.

The omnibus allocates $2.14 billion for Homeless Assistance Grants that fund
locally-administered programs to provide families and individuals access to
permanent supportive housing, rapid rehousing and emergency shelters.

As in previous years, the omnibus bill reduces overall funding for community
development grants allocated directly to local governments. The reduction is a
result of HUD dollars being redirected to the Section 8 program to offset the
inflationary costs of housing and to maintain existing housing vouchers.
However, as a result of NLC's ongoing advocacy for the Community Development
Block Grant program (CDBG), the omnibus bill provides approximately level
funding for CDBG at $3 billion to support housing and economic development
projects in urban and rural communities across the county.

The omnibus also provides $80 million for Choice Neighborhoods grants for local
projects that tear down and rebuild distressed public housing; and $900 million
for the HOME Investment Partnership Program, which is $100 million less than FY
2014 and consistent with the $127 million increase for the Section 8 program.
Workforce Development, Education and Health and Human Services

Changes in funding for workforce and human development programs from FY2014
levels were small, in large part because of the budget agreement that stopped
sequestration for the 2014 and 2015 fiscal years and established very similar
funding caps for each fiscal year. With a few exceptions, Congress maintained or
increased funding for programs important to cities in these areas.

Overall funding for health programs through the Department of Health and Human
Services increased by $71 billion over FY2014 to $692 billion. Funding for the
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, Head Start, the Low Income Home
Energy Assistance Program, and the Social Services Block Grant program remained
level. Funding for the National Institutes of Health increased by $150 million,
to $30 billion.

Funding for the Workforce Investment and Opportunities Act also increased
overall. While Congress increased funding for adult employment and training
programs for 2015 from $766 million to $776 million, and youth programs from
$820 million to $831 million, it chose to level fund the dislocated worker
program at $1 billion. YouthBuild saw a slight increase from $77 to $79 million
while Native American, Migrant and Seasonal Farmworker, Job Corps and Senior
Employment programs were all level funded.

Overall funding for the Department of Education dropped slightly, from $70.6
billion to $70.4 billion. Congress level funded the Department of Education's
Title I program at $14.4 billion and the Individuals with Disabilities Education
Act (IDEA), more commonly referred to as special education, at $11.5 billion,
but reduced funding for Pell from $22.7 billion to $22.4 billion.
Energy and Environment
Clean Water and Drinking Water State Revolving Loan Funds

The Clean Water and Drinking Water State Revolving Loan Funds (SRFs) received a
total of $2.35 billion in the FY15 omnibus, with the Clean Water SRF receiving
$1.448 billion and the Drinking Water SRF receiving $906 million. These figures
represent level funding from the FY14 omnibus and are higher than the
president's budget request. The SRFs are an integral tool used by local
governments to comply with the federal Clean Water Act and the Safe Drinking
Water Act and upgrade and improve our nation's clean water and drinking water
infrastructure through projects such as pipe replacement, stormwater mitigation
and source water protection.

Additionally, the omnibus also provides that:

10 percent of the Clean Water SRF funds be used for projects that address green
infrastructure, water or energy efficiency improvements, or other
environmentally innovative activities.
    No less than 20 percent but no more than 30 percent of both SRF funds be in
the form of additional subsidization for local governments, such as principal
forgiveness, negative interest loans, or grants (or a combination thereof).

Superfund and Brownfields

The omnibus package provides a slight decrease in funding for both the Superfund
and Brownfields programs, with $1.088 billion (down from $1.1 billion in FY14)
and $80 million (down from $90 million in FY14) appropriated respectively. These
programs are used for the restoration and redevelopment of abandoned or
under-utilized industrial and commercial sites, which are frequently
contaminated due to past use.
Policy Riders

The omnibus does not include the most contentious environmental policy riders
(those pertaining to the EPA's proposed rulemakings on "Waters of the U.S." and
greenhouse gas emissions), however, NLC expects that these issues will be
subject to debate in the next Congress.
Energy Efficiency and the Weatherization Assistance Program

Overall, the U.S. Department of Energy Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable
Energy will receive $1.937 billion for research, development and programs
related to solar, wind, vehicle and building technologies and advanced
manufacturing. Included in that figure is $190 million for the Weatherization
Assistance Program (an increase of $16 million over FY14), which helps
low-income families improve the energy efficiency of their homes and reduce
their energy bills.
Public Safety and Homeland Security

Congress allocated $27 billion to support key U.S. Department of Justice
programs championed by NLC. The funding included $68 million to continue to fund
grants through the Second Chance Act, $8.5 million for the Justice and Mental
Health Collaboration Program (created by the Mentally Ill Offender Treatment and
Crime Reduction Act) , and $214 million for the Community Oriented Policing
Services program.

The continuing resolution stopgap spending portion of the bill freezes funding
levels for the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) through Feb. 27. The
uncertainty of DHS appropriations for the remainder of the year could delay
application and funding process for the 2015 State and Local Homeland Security
Grants, Urban Area Security Initiative Grants and other Federal Emergency
Management Agency Grants. This will impact the ability of cities to move forward
with public safety programs that are funded by DHS grants.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              107 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 22, 2014 Monday

Washington: Congress Funds Majority of Government Through 2015

LENGTH: 1570  words

DATELINE: Washington


National League of Cities has issued the following news release:

This week, shortly before adjourning, Congress passed a continuing
resolution/omnibus measure to fund the bulk of the federal government through
the end of the fiscal year, September 2015. The $1.1 trillion spending measure
passed the House of Representatives by a vote of 219-206, and the Senate by a
vote of 56-40, after extended debate in both chambers. It encompasses 11 full
appropriations bills that fund federal agencies through the end of FY2015, and
one continuing resolution that funds the Department of Homeland Security only
until Feb. 27, 2015, in response to President Obama's recent executive action on
immigration. Click below to read a brief analysis of the impact of the budget on
cities' top federal program priorities in the following areas:

Transportation
    Housing and Community Development
    Workforce Development, Education, and Health and Human Services
    Energy and Environment
    Public Safety and Homeland Security

Transportation

Local priorities for transportation are predominantly funded through three
programs: the transit program, the TIGER grants program and the federal highways
program. Funding through the transit and TIGER programs is allocated directly to
local governments, and funding through the federal highways program is allocated
to the states to fund projects that may include local priorities.

The omnibus provides $10.9 billion for transit programs to improve subway, light
rail and bus rapid transit services; $500 million for TIGER grants that are
awarded competitively to state and local governments to support roads and
bridges, railroads, transit systems and port infrastructure; and $40.3 billion
for the federal highways program to fund road and bridge projects authorized
under the Moving Ahead for Progress in the 21st Century Act (MAP-21). These
amounts are approximately level with FY 2014. The omnibus also provides new
funding and policy changes to increase the rail safety of crude oil shipments,
changes for which NLC has advocated. Among the changes, the bill provides for
hiring new rail and hazardous materials inspectors, expanding the use of
automated track inspections and funds improvements in the classification of
hazardous materials, safe design for rail cars, railroad grade crossings on
routes that transport energy products and training for emergency responders.
Housing and Community Development

Housing subsidies are allocated through two Section 8 rental assistance
programs, which the omnibus funds at $19.3 billion and $9.7 billion, to support
over three million low-income families and individuals, including elderly and
disabled residents. Funding for the Section 8 program also includes $75 million
for the Department of Housing and Urban Development's Veterans Affairs
Supportive Housing (HUD-VASH) program to provide housing for 10,000 additional
veterans experiencing homelessness. HUD-VASH has helped reduce homelessness
among veterans by 33 percent since 2010, a program priority for NLC.

The omnibus allocates $2.14 billion for Homeless Assistance Grants that fund
locally-administered programs to provide families and individuals access to
permanent supportive housing, rapid rehousing and emergency shelters.

As in previous years, the omnibus bill reduces overall funding for community
development grants allocated directly to local governments. The reduction is a
result of HUD dollars being redirected to the Section 8 program to offset the
inflationary costs of housing and to maintain existing housing vouchers.
However, as a result of NLC's ongoing advocacy for the Community Development
Block Grant program (CDBG), the omnibus bill provides approximately level
funding for CDBG at $3 billion to support housing and economic development
projects in urban and rural communities across the county.

The omnibus also provides $80 million for Choice Neighborhoods grants for local
projects that tear down and rebuild distressed public housing; and $900 million
for the HOME Investment Partnership Program, which is $100 million less than FY
2014 and consistent with the $127 million increase for the Section 8 program.
Workforce Development, Education and Health and Human Services

Changes in funding for workforce and human development programs from FY2014
levels were small, in large part because of the budget agreement that stopped
sequestration for the 2014 and 2015 fiscal years and established very similar
funding caps for each fiscal year. With a few exceptions, Congress maintained or
increased funding for programs important to cities in these areas.

Overall funding for health programs through the Department of Health and Human
Services increased by $71 billion over FY2014 to $692 billion. Funding for the
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, Head Start, the Low Income Home
Energy Assistance Program, and the Social Services Block Grant program remained
level. Funding for the National Institutes of Health increased by $150 million,
to $30 billion.

Funding for the Workforce Investment and Opportunities Act also increased
overall. While Congress increased funding for adult employment and training
programs for 2015 from $766 million to $776 million, and youth programs from
$820 million to $831 million, it chose to level fund the dislocated worker
program at $1 billion. YouthBuild saw a slight increase from $77 to $79 million
while Native American, Migrant and Seasonal Farmworker, Job Corps and Senior
Employment programs were all level funded.

Overall funding for the Department of Education dropped slightly, from $70.6
billion to $70.4 billion. Congress level funded the Department of Education's
Title I program at $14.4 billion and the Individuals with Disabilities Education
Act (IDEA), more commonly referred to as special education, at $11.5 billion,
but reduced funding for Pell from $22.7 billion to $22.4 billion.
Energy and Environment
Clean Water and Drinking Water State Revolving Loan Funds

The Clean Water and Drinking Water State Revolving Loan Funds (SRFs) received a
total of $2.35 billion in the FY15 omnibus, with the Clean Water SRF receiving
$1.448 billion and the Drinking Water SRF receiving $906 million. These figures
represent level funding from the FY14 omnibus and are higher than the
president's budget request. The SRFs are an integral tool used by local
governments to comply with the federal Clean Water Act and the Safe Drinking
Water Act and upgrade and improve our nation's clean water and drinking water
infrastructure through projects such as pipe replacement, stormwater mitigation
and source water protection.

Additionally, the omnibus also provides that:

10 percent of the Clean Water SRF funds be used for projects that address green
infrastructure, water or energy efficiency improvements, or other
environmentally innovative activities.
    No less than 20 percent but no more than 30 percent of both SRF funds be in
the form of additional subsidization for local governments, such as principal
forgiveness, negative interest loans, or grants (or a combination thereof).

Superfund and Brownfields

The omnibus package provides a slight decrease in funding for both the Superfund
and Brownfields programs, with $1.088 billion (down from $1.1 billion in FY14)
and $80 million (down from $90 million in FY14) appropriated respectively. These
programs are used for the restoration and redevelopment of abandoned or
under-utilized industrial and commercial sites, which are frequently
contaminated due to past use.
Policy Riders

The omnibus does not include the most contentious environmental policy riders
(those pertaining to the EPA's proposed rulemakings on "Waters of the U.S." and
greenhouse gas emissions), however, NLC expects that these issues will be
subject to debate in the next Congress.
Energy Efficiency and the Weatherization Assistance Program

Overall, the U.S. Department of Energy Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable
Energy will receive $1.937 billion for research, development and programs
related to solar, wind, vehicle and building technologies and advanced
manufacturing. Included in that figure is $190 million for the Weatherization
Assistance Program (an increase of $16 million over FY14), which helps
low-income families improve the energy efficiency of their homes and reduce
their energy bills.
Public Safety and Homeland Security

Congress allocated $27 billion to support key U.S. Department of Justice
programs championed by NLC. The funding included $68 million to continue to fund
grants through the Second Chance Act, $8.5 million for the Justice and Mental
Health Collaboration Program (created by the Mentally Ill Offender Treatment and
Crime Reduction Act) , and $214 million for the Community Oriented Policing
Services program.

The continuing resolution stopgap spending portion of the bill freezes funding
levels for the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) through Feb. 27. The
uncertainty of DHS appropriations for the remainder of the year could delay
application and funding process for the 2015 State and Local Homeland Security
Grants, Urban Area Security Initiative Grants and other Federal Emergency
Management Agency Grants. This will impact the ability of cities to move forward
with public safety programs that are funded by DHS grants.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              108 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 20, 2014 Saturday

Washington: Congress Funds Majority of Government Through 2015

LENGTH: 1570  words

DATELINE: Washington


National League of Cities has issued the following news release:

This week, shortly before adjourning, Congress passed a continuing
resolution/omnibus measure to fund the bulk of the federal government through
the end of the fiscal year, September 2015. The $1.1 trillion spending measure
passed the House of Representatives by a vote of 219-206, and the Senate by a
vote of 56-40, after extended debate in both chambers. It encompasses 11 full
appropriations bills that fund federal agencies through the end of FY2015, and
one continuing resolution that funds the Department of Homeland Security only
until Feb. 27, 2015, in response to President Obama's recent executive action on
immigration. Click below to read a brief analysis of the impact of the budget on
cities' top federal program priorities in the following areas:

Transportation
    Housing and Community Development
    Workforce Development, Education, and Health and Human Services
    Energy and Environment
    Public Safety and Homeland Security

Transportation

Local priorities for transportation are predominantly funded through three
programs: the transit program, the TIGER grants program and the federal highways
program. Funding through the transit and TIGER programs is allocated directly to
local governments, and funding through the federal highways program is allocated
to the states to fund projects that may include local priorities.

The omnibus provides $10.9 billion for transit programs to improve subway, light
rail and bus rapid transit services; $500 million for TIGER grants that are
awarded competitively to state and local governments to support roads and
bridges, railroads, transit systems and port infrastructure; and $40.3 billion
for the federal highways program to fund road and bridge projects authorized
under the Moving Ahead for Progress in the 21st Century Act (MAP-21). These
amounts are approximately level with FY 2014. The omnibus also provides new
funding and policy changes to increase the rail safety of crude oil shipments,
changes for which NLC has advocated. Among the changes, the bill provides for
hiring new rail and hazardous materials inspectors, expanding the use of
automated track inspections and funds improvements in the classification of
hazardous materials, safe design for rail cars, railroad grade crossings on
routes that transport energy products and training for emergency responders.
Housing and Community Development

Housing subsidies are allocated through two Section 8 rental assistance
programs, which the omnibus funds at $19.3 billion and $9.7 billion, to support
over three million low-income families and individuals, including elderly and
disabled residents. Funding for the Section 8 program also includes $75 million
for the Department of Housing and Urban Development's Veterans Affairs
Supportive Housing (HUD-VASH) program to provide housing for 10,000 additional
veterans experiencing homelessness. HUD-VASH has helped reduce homelessness
among veterans by 33 percent since 2010, a program priority for NLC.

The omnibus allocates $2.14 billion for Homeless Assistance Grants that fund
locally-administered programs to provide families and individuals access to
permanent supportive housing, rapid rehousing and emergency shelters.

As in previous years, the omnibus bill reduces overall funding for community
development grants allocated directly to local governments. The reduction is a
result of HUD dollars being redirected to the Section 8 program to offset the
inflationary costs of housing and to maintain existing housing vouchers.
However, as a result of NLC's ongoing advocacy for the Community Development
Block Grant program (CDBG), the omnibus bill provides approximately level
funding for CDBG at $3 billion to support housing and economic development
projects in urban and rural communities across the county.

The omnibus also provides $80 million for Choice Neighborhoods grants for local
projects that tear down and rebuild distressed public housing; and $900 million
for the HOME Investment Partnership Program, which is $100 million less than FY
2014 and consistent with the $127 million increase for the Section 8 program.
Workforce Development, Education and Health and Human Services

Changes in funding for workforce and human development programs from FY2014
levels were small, in large part because of the budget agreement that stopped
sequestration for the 2014 and 2015 fiscal years and established very similar
funding caps for each fiscal year. With a few exceptions, Congress maintained or
increased funding for programs important to cities in these areas.

Overall funding for health programs through the Department of Health and Human
Services increased by $71 billion over FY2014 to $692 billion. Funding for the
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, Head Start, the Low Income Home
Energy Assistance Program, and the Social Services Block Grant program remained
level. Funding for the National Institutes of Health increased by $150 million,
to $30 billion.

Funding for the Workforce Investment and Opportunities Act also increased
overall. While Congress increased funding for adult employment and training
programs for 2015 from $766 million to $776 million, and youth programs from
$820 million to $831 million, it chose to level fund the dislocated worker
program at $1 billion. YouthBuild saw a slight increase from $77 to $79 million
while Native American, Migrant and Seasonal Farmworker, Job Corps and Senior
Employment programs were all level funded.

Overall funding for the Department of Education dropped slightly, from $70.6
billion to $70.4 billion. Congress level funded the Department of Education's
Title I program at $14.4 billion and the Individuals with Disabilities Education
Act (IDEA), more commonly referred to as special education, at $11.5 billion,
but reduced funding for Pell from $22.7 billion to $22.4 billion.
Energy and Environment
Clean Water and Drinking Water State Revolving Loan Funds

The Clean Water and Drinking Water State Revolving Loan Funds (SRFs) received a
total of $2.35 billion in the FY15 omnibus, with the Clean Water SRF receiving
$1.448 billion and the Drinking Water SRF receiving $906 million. These figures
represent level funding from the FY14 omnibus and are higher than the
president's budget request. The SRFs are an integral tool used by local
governments to comply with the federal Clean Water Act and the Safe Drinking
Water Act and upgrade and improve our nation's clean water and drinking water
infrastructure through projects such as pipe replacement, stormwater mitigation
and source water protection.

Additionally, the omnibus also provides that:

10 percent of the Clean Water SRF funds be used for projects that address green
infrastructure, water or energy efficiency improvements, or other
environmentally innovative activities.
    No less than 20 percent but no more than 30 percent of both SRF funds be in
the form of additional subsidization for local governments, such as principal
forgiveness, negative interest loans, or grants (or a combination thereof).

Superfund and Brownfields

The omnibus package provides a slight decrease in funding for both the Superfund
and Brownfields programs, with $1.088 billion (down from $1.1 billion in FY14)
and $80 million (down from $90 million in FY14) appropriated respectively. These
programs are used for the restoration and redevelopment of abandoned or
under-utilized industrial and commercial sites, which are frequently
contaminated due to past use.
Policy Riders

The omnibus does not include the most contentious environmental policy riders
(those pertaining to the EPA's proposed rulemakings on "Waters of the U.S." and
greenhouse gas emissions), however, NLC expects that these issues will be
subject to debate in the next Congress.
Energy Efficiency and the Weatherization Assistance Program

Overall, the U.S. Department of Energy Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable
Energy will receive $1.937 billion for research, development and programs
related to solar, wind, vehicle and building technologies and advanced
manufacturing. Included in that figure is $190 million for the Weatherization
Assistance Program (an increase of $16 million over FY14), which helps
low-income families improve the energy efficiency of their homes and reduce
their energy bills.
Public Safety and Homeland Security

Congress allocated $27 billion to support key U.S. Department of Justice
programs championed by NLC. The funding included $68 million to continue to fund
grants through the Second Chance Act, $8.5 million for the Justice and Mental
Health Collaboration Program (created by the Mentally Ill Offender Treatment and
Crime Reduction Act) , and $214 million for the Community Oriented Policing
Services program.

The continuing resolution stopgap spending portion of the bill freezes funding
levels for the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) through Feb. 27. The
uncertainty of DHS appropriations for the remainder of the year could delay
application and funding process for the 2015 State and Local Homeland Security
Grants, Urban Area Security Initiative Grants and other Federal Emergency
Management Agency Grants. This will impact the ability of cities to move forward
with public safety programs that are funded by DHS grants.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              109 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Jamestown Sun (North Dakota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 5, 2011 Thursday

Agencies here say shrinking budgets affect those they serve

BYLINE: Keith Norman, The Jamestown Sun, N.D.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 757 words


May 05--Some services for low- and moderate-income people may come to end or be
greatly curtailed as local agencies deal with shrinking budgets from federal
cuts, according to local agency leaders who gathered for what was termed a
Community Coalition meeting Wednesday.

"We are in a hurt bag but will continue giving the assistance we can," said Fran
Geisler, administrative assistant of the Salvation Army. "We've stopped housing
and utility assistance. We can't be the helper for everything going on."

Geisler said food donations to the pantry were down while the Christmas Kettle
Campaign, the organization's biggest fundraiser, met its goal. But the biggest
problem came when a federal grant ended.

"The stimulus grant that helped for two and half years is ending," she said.

The grant was part of the federal government's stimulus package and provided
more than $61,000 to the Salvation Army for emergency services. The organization
relies on grants to provide rent and utilities assistance for struggling
families.

"It's kind of scary," Geisler said. "The grants are normally $10,000 to $12,000.
We're seeing a greater need in this kind of assistance."

Budget constraints are also affecting the services the Salvation Army
traditionally supplies in other areas.

"Unless it's a true emergency we're not providing services when the cops call in
the middle of the night," said Lt. Theresa Brecto, leader of the Salvation Army
in Jamestown. "We don't have the budget for it anymore."

Police officers often call the Salvation Army to provide lodging or meals to
travelers passing through Jamestown without funds. Brecto said the situations
will be reviewed on a case-by-case basis but services won't be provided to
people who are traveling without resources by choice.

In some situations the Salvation Army has provided a voucher for a motel and
meals or a bus ticket to communities like Fargo or Bismarck that have homeless
shelters and programs.

Other agencies are also feeling the budget crunch.

"We're taking administrative budget cuts of about 25 percent," said David Klein,
director, Stutsman County Housing Authority. "The staff is taking pay cuts of 10
to 20 percent. Not a whole lot of options when you're trying to keep providing
services."

Klein said the agency's budget for housing vouchers is steady for the coming
year at about $98,000 per month while the need is growing.

This has resulted in a waiting list as long as two years for individuals seeking
assistance with an apartment or home.

"The waiting list indicates a growing need," Klein said. "It's a daunting task
to try to get through this list."

Klein said some people looking for housing assistance in Jamestown have been
priced out of living quarters in the oil-field communities of western North
Dakota. The elderly and handicapped don't see incomes rise with the boom and
ultimately can't afford rising rent costs.

Other budget cuts may result in community-wide problems.

"The funding at risk seems to be the Community Development Block Grants that
help with projects like housing, water and sewer and economic development," said
Deb Kantrud, executive director, South Central Dakota Regional Council. "In the
past we've seen about $360,000 a year available for these programs."

The CDBG program is limited to providing grants in communities with a population
of at least 51 percent low or moderate income.

"We're a big player in the smaller towns," she said. "We work with the
communities that don't have a large tax base so they can maintain water and
sewer so people can continue to live there."

Kantrud said it's unknown what budget limitations will be placed on the program
although she believes it will continue to exist.

Kantrud said the cooperation among the agencies helps to temper the budget
effects.

"They are all working together to find the best way to maintain needed
services," she said. "Future budgets will force all of us to be more efficient
and work together."

Klein recognizes the need for budget changes.

"We all understand the federal budget and the need to balance it," he said. "But
we need to understand the local consequences."

Sun reporter Keith Norman can be reached at (701) 952-8452 or by e-mail at
knorman@jamestownsun.com

To see more of The Jamestown Sun, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.jamestownsun.com. Copyright (c) 2011, The Jamestown Sun, N.D.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20110505-QJ-Agencies-here-say-shrinking-budgets-affect-those-they-serve-0505-201
10505

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QJ


                        Copyright 2011 The Jamestown Sun


                              110 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            September 2, 2016 Friday

Texas: Most of State Has Reached Loss Threshold for FEMA Grants

LENGTH: 691  words

DATELINE: New York



 Austin: Association of Counties, The State of Texas has issued the following
news release:



   At last count, 158 Texas counties were managing active Federal Emergency
Management Agency (FEMA) Public Assistance (PA) grants awarded for flood-related
damage from storms that struck the state between May 2015 to June 2016. And, in
typical Texas fashion, as soon as weeks-long triple digit temperatures forced
the donning of tank tops and jorts in July, unusual mid-August storms brought
back rain-coats, mud boots and additional flooding late in the summer.





 PA grants are funds awarded to publicly-owned facilities and the facilities of
certain Private Non-Profit (PNP) organizations on a cost-sharing basis for
emergency work and the repair or replacement of facilities for disaster related
damage.



 Through the PA Program, FEMA also provides supplemental federal disaster grant
assistance for debris removal and emergency protective measures.







 â[#x20ac][#xfffd]The Local, State and Federal Partnership During Recovery

 Once a disaster has occurred, and the state has declared a state of emergency,
the state will evaluate the recovery capabilities of both the state and local
governments. If it is determined that the damage is beyond their recovery
capability, the governor sends a letter to the president requesting assistance,
forwarded through the regional director of FEMA Region VI. The president then
makes the decision whether or not to declare a major disaster or emergency.

 After a presidential declaration has been made, FEMA will designate the area
eligible for assistance and announce the types of assistance available.

 The National Flood Insurance Program and Texas

 The NFIP Agreement

 In exchange for adopting and enforcing a floodplain management ordinance,
federally backed flood insurance is made available to property owners, including
county buildings, throughout the community.
 Authority of political entities to regulate the Special Flood Hazard Areas
(SFHA)

 44 CFR 60.1 (d), Authority to exceed FEMA's minimum requirements;

 "The criteria set forth in this subpart are minimum standards for the adoption
of flood plain management regulations by flood-prone &hellip; communities. Any
community may exceed the minimum criteria under this Part by standards such as
contained I Subpart C of this part. In some instances, communities may have
access to information or knowledge of conditions that requires, particularly for
human safety, higher standards than the minimum criteria set forth in Subpart A
of this part."



 Texas Water Code, §16.315



 "All political subdivisions are hereby authorized to take all necessary and
reasonable actions to comply with the requirements and criteria of the National
Flood Insurance Program."



 Counties are able to take all necessary and reasonable actions to comply with
the requirements of the NFIP, including instituting a civil suit for injunctive
relief or civil penalty for non-compliance.



 More than 1,500 Texas communities participate in the NFIP.



 Community Requirements



     Communities participating in the NFIP must require development permits for
all proposed development within the designated 1 percent chance (100 year)
floodplain.

     The permit must be submitted for approval to the appropriate local
authority before beginning any development activity.

     For floodplain management purposes any man-made change to improved or
unimproved real estate, including but not limited to:

         Buildings or other structures;

         Mining;

         Dredging;

         Filling;

         Grading;

         Paving;

         Excavation or drilling operations; and

         Storage of equipment or materials.



 Development includes:



     New construction or a substantially improved structure;

     Placing a manufactured (mobile) home;

     Mining, dredging, filling, grading or excavating;

     Roads, bridges and culverts;

     Altering or relocating stream channels;

     Travel trailers placed on site for more than 180 day; and

     Storage of materials including gas or liquid storage tanks.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              111 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  WEEKLY TIMES

                           February 1, 2006 Wednesday
                                 FIRST Edition

State to dig deep

BYLINE: DANIELLE LE GRAND, with AAP

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 538  words


BUSHFIRE RECOVERY

A VICTORIAN Government taskforce will put together a multi-million dollar
package to help bushfire ravaged communities.

Premier Steve Bracks said the seven-member ministerial taskforce would work with
these communities to assess the full impact of the recent fires.

It will look at funding the return of damaged infrastructure, tourism support
and fast-tracking regional projects already in the pipeline.

It will also consider and recommend to Cabinet recovery projects funded with new
money.

The taskforce will be chaired by Treasurer and State and Regional Development
Minister John Brumby.

''There's not a budget, but there will be a considerable amount of resources
which will be applied,'' Mr Bracks said.

''It will be many millions of dollars.''

Landholders who provided water to emergency services for fire fighting have also
been offered Victorian Government assistance.

They will be able to apply for financial assistance for water carting and
replenishment.

And farmers and small business owners who suffered property damage and livestock
losses will be able to access low-interest loans through Rural Finance
Corporation.

Mr Bracks has also announced an extra $150,000 in bushfire relief grants for
local councils severely affected in the Geelong and Grampians regions.

The City of Greater Geelong will receive $75,000, with the Rural City of Ararat
getting $55,000 and the Grampians Community Health Service $20,000.

Mr Brumby said the Government had paid more than 100 emergency grants of up to
$900 in Anakie, Grampians and Kinglake.

Applications for personal hardship grants of up to $21,000 are still being
assessed.

Mr Brumby said ministers from the taskforce would visit fire-affected
communities in the coming weeks.

Centrelink Ballarat Farm Help officer Janine Ryan said farmers who had suffered
losses in the fires may be eligible for Essential Circumstances assistance or
Farm Help grants.

''It could mean income support for 12 months for them of up around $730 a
fortnight,'' Ms Ryan said.

For more information in the Ballarat, Wimmera and Geelong area, contact Ms Ryan
on (03) 5336 5225, Gerry Baker in Warrnambool-Colac on (03) 5559 5081 or call
Centrelink's farmers' help line on 1800 050 585.

Centrelink can also provide assistance to people who need help to meet
re-establishment and recovery costs. For more information contact 132 850 or
visit www.centrelink.gov.au


HOTLINES

Victorian Bushfire Information Line: 1800 240 667.

To donate or receive fodder contact the Victorian Farmers Federation on 1300 882
833 or (03) 9207 5555 or email vff@vff.org.au, or contact your local DPI office
or your local shire.

For DPI assistance with livestock or fencing damage contact 136 186 or visit
www.dpi.vic.gov.au

DHS State Emergency Recovery Unit: 1800 634 245 or seru@dhs.vic.gov.au

DHS: (03) 9616 7777 or visit www.dhs.vic.gov.au

Centrelink 132 850 (employment services), Farm Assistance 1800 050 585 or visit
www.centrelink.com.au

If you have lost your insurance papers in the fires, contact the Insurance
Disaster Response Organisation on (03) 9614 1077 or visit www.idro.com.au

Wildlife rescue (24-hours): 0500 540 000.

Telephone counselling services: Lifeline 131 114, Parentline 132 289 or Kids
Helpline 1800 55 1800

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: WKT


                   Copyright 2006 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              112 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     July 16, 1977, Saturday, Final Edition

79 Va. Areas Eligible for U.S. Drought Help

BYLINE: By Patricia Camp, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Metro; B8

LENGTH: 366 words


A committee of federal agencies declared yesterday 56 Virginia countries and 23
cities eligible for several loan and grant programs to help them increase water
supplies in their communities.

Arlington, Faifax, Loudoun, Prince William, Stafford and Fauquier counties and
Alexandria, Fairfax City and Falls Church are among the jurisdictions eligible
for the aid announced by the Interagency Drought Emergency Coordinating
Committee.

Donald Carbone, disaster program officer for the Federal Disaster Assistance
Administration, said the Virginia communities will be eligible for funds to
relieve problems caused by water shortages, and for low-interest emergency
assistance grants and loans.

Farmers can apply for 5 per cent loans from the Farmers Home Administration to
covr prospective crop and livestock losses, and businessmen affected by the
drought are eligible for loans to cover their losses, Carbone said.

Virginia Gov. Mills E. Godwin asked the coordinating committee last week to
declare 78 counties and 35 cities eligible for the assistance, Carbone said.
The governor also has asked President Carter to declare 33 Virginia counties as
disaster areas because of the effect of the drought on the farmers.

A spokesman for the governor said yesterday that the White House has made no
declaration yet.  If it does so, Virginia's farmers will be eligible for several
additional programs that can aid them in fighting the state's most severe
drought since 1930.

Henry B. Jenkins, a federal Economic Development Administration spokesman,
stressed that the grants and loans available from his agency are strictly to
support short-term drought relief.

The grants and loans from the development agency are available for communities
with a population of 10,000 or more.  Of the $175 million appropriated for the
program by Congress this year, $12 million already had been used to help
California jurisdictions, while other money has been used to help Northwest
states.

Jenkins said the funds are used for the improvement, expansion or construction
of water supply systems, to purchase and transport water to provide immediate
relief from the drought, and for water consumption.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1977 The Washington Post


                              113 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Dubbo Daily Liberal

                           November 14, 2015 Saturday

DEPUTY Premier and Member for Dubbo Troy Grant stands

BYLINE: Heather Crosby

SECTION: FOCUS; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 432 words


DEPUTY Premier and Member for Dubbo Troy Grant stands by the support the NSW
government is providing to drought-affected communities.

"I have been on the ground in the north-west and have seen the very dry
conditions," Mr Grant said.

"The situation is heartbreaking but the government can't make it rain.

"Investment in water infrastructure is giving farmers as much access to ground
water as possible in dry times and will help to future-proof properties once the
region comes out of drought.

"The NSW government has also put money aside to bring Bureau of Meteorology
technology closer to our area to help with more accurate weather reading."

Mr Grant referred the Daily Liberal to the Minister for Primary Industries Niall
Blair for a more accurate picture of drought assistance.

The minister's office said drought support measures included an emergency water
infrastructure rebate, farm household allowance, farm management deposits,
taxation measures, a national approach to farm business management and a
co-ordinated approach to social support services.

The NSW government was also supporting the new national drought program with a
$13 million funding package, including funding to continue the rural support
worker program, country town emergency water cartage, a farm innovation fund and
the rural financial counselling service.

At the end of October Minister Blair and Member for Barwon Kevin Humphries were
at Myall Station near Collarenebri when more than 14 truck loads of donated
fodder were distributed to drought-affected farmers from north-west NSW.

The fodder drop of 540 donated bales of hay was organised by Rural Aid's
not-for-profit Buy A Bale program, with the full cost of transport covered by
the NSW government under its transport assistance for donated fodder program.

The $300 million NSW Drought Strategy included $5 million over the next five
years for transport assistance for animal welfare and donated fodder from within
NSW.

Mr Blair said donated fodder provided welcome relief for farmers at Lightning
Ridge, Walgett, Collarenebri and Goodooga, who had been doing it tough with
limited rain in recent years resulting in the heartbreaking loss of crops and in
some cases almost total destocking.

"While we now have the NSW Drought Strategy in place, and are administering two
concessional loans measures on behalf of the Commonwealth, we are constantly
assessing whether adjustments need to be made to ensure they support our
farmers," Mr Blair said.

"I am in constant communication with the Commonwealth minister for agriculture
about federal assistance measures in NSW."

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2015 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              114 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Ruidoso News (New Mexico)

                             March 8, 2011 Tuesday

Residents urged to seek damage help

BYLINE: Jim Kalvelage jkalvelage@ruidosonews.com

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 525 words


Qualifying residents of Ruidoso Downs who suffered damage from the early
February Arctic freeze are being urged by city officials to apply for assistance
.

The state announced in late February grant funding through the federal Community
Development Small Cities Block Grant program had been made available. But
applications must be received by March 18.

"This disaster assistance program is to provide financial assistance to
low-income, uninsured homeowners that incurred damage to water lines and may
have their furnaces, heaters and water heaters red-tagged as a result of the
severe weather," said Ruidoso Downs Mayor Tom Armstrong.

"The program will provide up to $2,000 in assistance to homeowners in
owner-occupied dwellings to hire licensed plumbers or general contractors to
repair the damage they may have incurred."

Water lines burst and other damage done during the Feb. 1-3 severe winter event.

"So if there's people that need that kind of help, come into city hall and pick
up a package and get it filled out," Armstrong recommended. "Hopefully it will
help offset the costs."

Homeowners who have already had repairs completed may also apply for
reimbursement if they are able to provide proof such as receipts for labor and
materials from a licensed plumber of contractor.

Municipal Clerk Carol Virden said the city is working to ensure residents are
aware of the program.

"Mayor Armstrong wrote an inter-office memorandum to all the residents of the
City of Ruidoso Downs, informing them of the emergency disaster application and
guidelines. What we did is we prepared a packet and Cleatus' (Cleatus Richards,
public works director) water department crew came and they distributed the
packets to those homes that we knew had those water leaks."

The emergency funding of up to $2,000 will only cover water line replacement on
the resident's side of the meter. In addition to water heater and furnace repair
or replacement costs, the program will also cover water damage to walls. The
damage must have occurred after Feb. 1.

To qualify, applicants must be at or under the federally designated low-income
threshold. The Lincoln County income threshold for household with one person is
$30,000. A household with two people is $34,250; three people, $38,550; four
people, $42,800.

In Otero County, the one, two, three and four person household low-income
thresholds are $26,250, $30,000, $33,750 and $37,450.

The limits increase with larger households.

Income includes wages, salaries, net income from the operation of a business,
interest, dividends, net income from property, unemployment and disability
compensation, welfare assistance, alimony, child support, regular contributions
or gifts, and most Armed Forces income.

Households with owner-occupied dwellings from across Lincoln and Otero counties
are eligible.

An official with the Southeastern New Mexico Economic Development District will
be at Ruidoso Downs City Hall March 10 to accept applications from 10 a.m. to
11:30 a.m.

In Otero County applications will be accepted at the Tularosa Community Center,
March 11, from 10 a.m. to 11:30 a.m., and from 2 p.m. to 4 p.m. at Cloudcroft
Village Hall.

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2011 Ruidoso News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              115 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 22, 2014 Thursday

Audits of States, Local Governments, and Non-Profit Organizations; OMB Circular
A-133 Compliance Supplement

LENGTH: 937  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:


Action

Notice Of Availability Of The 2014 Omb Circular A 133 Compliance Supplement.
Summary

This notice announces the availability of the 2014 OMB Circular A-133 Compliance
Supplement (Supplement). The notice also offers interested parties an
opportunity to comment on the 2014 Supplement. The 2014 Supplement adds five new
programs, which are added to existing clusters. It deletes 17 programs and has
also been updated for program changes and technical corrections.

The five added programs are:

CFDA 20.527--Public Transportation Emergency Relief Program
    CFDA 66.482--Disaster Relief Appropriations Act (DRAA) Hurricane Sandy
Capitalization Grants for Clean Water State Revolving Funds (as part of a new
cluster)
    CFDA 66.483--Disaster Relief Appropriations Act (DRAA) Hurricane Sandy
Capitalization Grants for Drinking Water State Revolving Funds (as part of new
cluster)
    CFDA 93.095--HHS Programs For Disaster Relief Appropriations
Act-Non-Construction, and 93.096--HHS Programs for Disaster Relief
Appropriations Act--Construction as a new cluster
    CFDA 93.525--State Planning and Establishment Grants for the Affordable Care
Act (ACA)'s Exchanges

The 17 deleted programs are:

CFDA 11.555--Public Safety Interoperable Communications Grant Program
    CFDA 84.186--Safe and Drug-Free Schools and Communities--State Grants
    CFDA 84.298--State Grants for Innovative Programs
    CFDA 84.318--Education Technology State Grants
    CFDA 97.024--Emergency Food and Shelter National Board Program
    CFDA 14.318--Assisted Housing Stability and Energy and Green Retrofit
Investments Program (Recovery Act Funded)
    CFDA 14.882--Native American Housing Block Grants (Formula) Recovery Act
Funded
    CFDA 14.883--Native Hawaiian Housing Block Grants (Recovery Act Funded)
    CFDA 14.886--Indian Community Development Block Grant Program (Recovery Act
Funded)
    CFDA 14.887--Native American Housing Block Grants (Competitive) Recovery Act
Funded
    CFDA 84.386--Education Technology State Grants, Recovery Act
    CFDA 84.389--Title I Grants to Local Educational Agencies, Recovery Act
    CFDA 84.401--Impact Aid--School Construction, Recovery Act
    CFDA 84.404--Impact Aid--School Construction Formula Grant, Recovery Act
    CFDA 84.410--Education Jobs Fund
    CFDA 93.716--ARRA--Temporary Assistance for Needy Families Supplemental
Grants
    CFDA 93.720--ARRA--Survey and Certification Ambulatory Surgical Center
Healthcare Associated Infection (ASC-HAI) Prevention Initiative

A list of changes to the 2014 Supplement can be found at Appendix V. Appendix
VII provides an audit alert concerning deletion of American Recovery and
Reinvestment Act programs from clusters (which accounts for many of the deleted
programs) and a preview of types of revisions to the FY 2015 Compliance
Supplement based on the OMB guidance issued December 26, 2013.

Due to its length, the 2014 Supplement is not included in this Notice. See
ADDRESSES for information about how to obtain a copy either on line or through
the Government Printing Office.

Table of Contents Back to Top

DATES:
    ADDRESSES:
    FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT:

DATES: Back to Top

The 2014 Supplement supersedes the 2013 Supplement and will apply to audits of
fiscal years beginning after June 30, 2013. All comments on the 2014 Supplement
must be in writing and received by October 31, 2014. Late comments will be
considered to the extent practicable. We received no comments on the 2013
Supplement.

Due to potential delays in OMB's receipt and processing of mail sent through the
U.S. Postal Service, we encourage respondents to submit comments electronically
to ensure timely receipt. We cannot guarantee that comments mailed will be
received before the comment closing date.

Electronic mail comments may be submitted to: Hai_M._Tran@omb.eop.gov Please
include "A-133 Compliance Supplement--2014" in the subject line and the full
body of your comments in the text of the electronic message and as an
attachment. Please include your name, title, organization, postal address,
telephone number, and email address in the text of the message. Comments may
also be submitted via facsimile at 202-395-3952.

Comments may be mailed to Gilbert Tran, Office of Federal Financial Management,
Office of Management and Budget, 725 17th Street NW., Room 6025, New Executive
Office Building, Washington, DC 20503.

Comments may also be sent through http://www.regulations.gov--a Federal
E-Government Web site that allows the public to find, review, and submit
comments on documents that agencies have published in the Federal Register and
that are open for comment. Simply type "A-133 Compliance Supplement--2014" (in
quotes) in the Comment or Submission search box, click Go, and follow the
instructions for submitting comments. Comments received through the Web site by
the date specified above will be included as part of the official record.
ADDRESSES: Back to Top

The 2014 Supplement is available online on the OMB home page at
http://www.whitehouse.gov/omb/financial_fin_single_audit.
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Back to Top

Recipients and auditors should contact their cognizant or oversight agency for
audit, or Federal awarding agency, as appropriate under the circumstances. The
Federal agency contacts are listed in Appendix III of the Supplement.
Subrecipients should contact their pass-through entity. Federal agencies should
contact Gilbert Tran, Office of Management and Budget, Office of Federal
Financial Management, at (202) 395-3052.

Mark Reger,

Deputy Controller.


For more information please visit: https://www.federalregister.gov/

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              116 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      Hamilton Spectator (Ontario, Canada)

                      July 17, 2004 Saturday Final Edition

McGuinty wades into Peterborough empty-handed; Hamilton mayor offers assistance

SOURCE: The Canadian Press

BYLINE: Maria Babbage

SECTION: CANADA/WORLD; Pg. A14

LENGTH: 556 words

DATELINE: PETERBOROUGH


Premier Dalton McGuinty arrived to assess the damage in this flood-ravaged
community yesterday, but offered little financial help beyond a promise to
expedite aid as the city's state of emergency was extended into the weekend.

McGuinty, who arrived in Peterborough by helicopter for a tour and a meeting
with Mayor Sylvia Sutherland and other city officials, wouldn't promise any
immediate assistance to residents still bailing out from under Thursday's
massive flood.

But he did offer to help push through the paperwork.

"I don't think there's any getting around the necessity for some paperwork to be
involved so that we can proceed in a responsible way," he said. "But I'm hopeful
that we can proceed in a way that is more expeditious" than it was in the last
big flood in the city two years ago.

McGuinty also said he would be talking with the federal government and the
municipality about working together to get help for residents.

Hamilton Mayor Larry Di Ianni and acting fire Chief Jim Kay both called their
Peterborough counterparts yesterday to offer assistance from Hamilton. For the
moment, they were told Peterborough has all the help it needs, but it would keep
Hamilton's offer in mind.

"I feel very badly at what's happened in Peterborough," Di Ianni said. "We're
ready to assist."

Sutherland said earlier that financial aid from the flood is "critically
important from the point of view of the public infrastructure and from the point
of view of individuals."

Many individuals have either limited or no flood insurance, and business losses
could tally into the "millions of dollars," Sutherland said on a day when
insurance adjusters were beginning to tally up the damage.

As government officials were addressing the financial woes, city crews were
working to pump water out of homes and businesses and off city streets.

By mid-afternoon yesterday, about 350 homes had their basements pumped, while
700 homes were still flooded in this community of 70,000.

Peterborough fire Chief Lee Grant said lifting the state of emergency will
largely depend on how well the cleanup progresses and how quickly electricity
can be restored throughout the city.

The cleanup effort was being aided by Toronto firefighters and road crews from
area communities.

About 225 people stayed in emergency shelters overnight because their homes were
too waterlogged to allow them in, and many were still relying on outside
accommodations.

Grant said the city's sewage-treatment facilities were coming back on line, with
maximum water treatment expected by last night. Although homeowners should
continue to conserve water, the drinking water was "completely safe," he added.

Mark Yakabuski of the Insurance Bureau of Canada said dozens of adjusters were
in the city trying to assess the damage.

Some businesses have flood insurance, but not many carry the coverage because
the premiums are so high, said Yakabuski, the bureau's Ontario vice-president.

"The critical issue is to determine just where the water is coming from," he
said. "The real issue is ... home insurance policies do not, and never have,
covered overland flooding."

With financial compensation up in the air, volunteers were offering their
services to help rebuild crucial services, including the local food bank and the
Red Cross.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: News

                    Copyright 2004 Metroland Media Group Ltd


                              117 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 10, 2015 Friday

FLORIDA: City Celebrates Contributions of Federal Grant Funds

LENGTH: 1089  words

DATELINE: Jacksonville


City of Jacksonville has issued the following news release:

The City of Jacksonville will join communities across the nation in celebrating
National Community Development (NCD) Week, April 6 - 11, 2015. NCD Week is an
annual campaign emphasizing the success, at the national and local level, of the
contributions of the Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) program.  CDBG is
a federal formula entitlement grant awarded annually to the city through the
U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development.

Jacksonville residents have benefitted from many projects and services funded
with federal grant dollars, including new streets and sidewalks, water and sewer
lines, shelters for the homeless, new parks and housing repairs.

Since 1975, the City of Jacksonville has received over $388 million in CDBG
funds that have been used to develop and implement a wide range of programs
directed toward neighborhood revitalization, economic development and improving
community services.

In fiscal year 2013-14 alone, CDBG funds, in combination with other public and
private funding sources, provided for repairs to 48 homes, water and sewer line
connection assistance to 54 households, 132 tree site clearances, homeownership
to 122 families and individuals, direct technical assistance to 10 small
businesses, and public services that benefited 31,576 citizens.  The CDBG
program provided funds for 12 public improvement projects during this period,
including 7 projects completed and 5 others underway; as well as infrastructure
improvements for Atlantic Beach Donner Park, and public services for
Jacksonville Beach and Neptune Beach.

The Housing and Community Development Division of the City's Planning and
Development Department, administrator of CDBG funds, has planned a week full of
activities showcasing some of the critically-needed programs and services
provided through CDBG, HOME, ESG and HOPWA, and to recognize the significant
role these programs play in improving the quality of life for the citizens of
Jacksonville.

Scheduled NCD Week Activities:

Monday, April 6, 2015 - NCD Week Kick Off and Support Rally - Northwest
Jacksonville CDC, Inc. - Children's Dental Center at North Point and The
Associates Consortium, 3416 Moncrief Road, 10 a.m. - The Mayor's Office will
present a proclamation designating April 6 - 11, 2015 as National Community
Development Week.  A program will be held at 10 a.m.  Federal and local
officials will acknowledge NCD Week and contributions of the CDBG Program to the
City of Jacksonville.  North Jacksonville's North Point Town Center (3416
Moncrief Road) will open its newest facility to serve the dental needs of our
youth and North Jacksonville.....A Community in Transition.

Monday, April 6, 2015 - Parks, Recreation and Community Services Department -
Foster Grandparent Program, 1301 Palm Avenue, 12:30 p.m. - $31,000 will be used
to pay stipends to 18 foster grandparents who will function as tutors and
mentors to 350 youth with academic and emotional difficulties from families with
low to moderate incomes.  Join us for a book fair and Easter egg hunt.

Tuesday, April 7, 2015 - Operation New Hope - 8th Street Multifamily Project, 10
a.m. - Operation New Hope, in partnership with the City of Jacksonville, will
break ground on a multifamily housing development in the Historic Springfield
District.  The project, located at 122 West 8th Street, is a 14-unit, mixed
income development funded through the U. S. Department of Housing and Urban
Development's Neighborhood Stabilization Program.

Tuesday, April 7, 2015 - Lutheran Social Services, Inc. - Short-term, Rent and
Mortgage Assistance Program (ESG) - 4615 Phillips Highway Main Entrance -
$132,271 will be used for operating expenses to assist 300 clients with mortgage
and rental assistance, client utility service assistance.  Join us to learn more
about the programs that Lutheran Social Services of Northeast Florida has to
offer to the Jacksonville community.  We welcome you to tour our agency and
learn about the wonderful programs we have to offer.

Wednesday, April 8, 2015 - Catholic Charities Bureau, Inc. - Emergency
Assistance Program  (CDBG) and Housing Opportunities for Persons with AIDS-
Short-term, Rent and Mortgage Assistance Program (HOPWA), 134 E. Church Street,
12:30 p.m. - $50,974 in CDBG funds will be used to provide services to 5,250 low
and moderate income families through the Case Management and Emergency
Assistance Program.  $930,000 in HOPWA funds will be used to provide emergency
assistance for rent and utilities to prevent homelessness, in addition to wages
and case management for 2,010 individuals.  Staff will assist clients in
completing paperwork, prepare food pantry bags and volunteer with food
distribution.

Wednesday, April 8, 2015 - Jacksonville Housing Authority, Inc. - Brentwood Lake
Neighborhood Network Center, 3465 Village Center Drive, 3:30 p.m. - $18,750 will
be used for a computer literacy and training program to assist 250 public
housing and Section 8 participants to help them achieve self-sufficiency goals
in education, employment, financial literacy and homeownership.  The Brentwood
Lake Neighborhood Network Center will be hosting an Easter Egg Hunt for the
children of the Brentwood Lakes community.

Thursday, April 9, 2015 - The Bridge of Northeast Florida, Inc. - Weaver Zone
Initiative, 1824 N. Pearl Street, 4 p.m.  - $38,800 will be used to provide
administrative services and activities for 140 at-risk youth ages 10-18.  Join
us for a Spring Showcase presented by participants in the program.

Friday, April 10, 2015 - Emergency Services and Homeless Coalition -
Jacksonville Day Resource Center (JDRC), 221 W. Union Street - 11 a.m. -
$120,000 will be used to provide day center services to 400 low and moderate
income homeless citizens.  Staff will serve lunch to the homeless.

Friday, April 10, 2015 - City of Jacksonville Beach- Community Assisted Police
Effort (CAPE), 777 5th Avenue S. - 4 p.m. - $58,116 will be used to identify and
address criminal activity in the neighborhood and to continue fostering a
relationship between the police and citizens through community outreach programs
that create a drug-free environment.  Carver Center Recreational Programs will
receive $80,759 to be used to provide supervised recreational and education
opportunities to assist 125 low and moderate income residents.  Please join us
for Brown Paper Bag Fridays.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:
editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              118 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                            October 7, 1993 Thursday
                                  Late Edition

State faces floods relief grants bill up to $7m

BYLINE: ANTONY CATALANO

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 974 words


Up to $7million in emergency grants is expected to be set aside to pay victims
of the flood devastation in central and north-east Victoria.

Some towns yesterday began the massive clean-up while others braced themselves
for more flooding.

The State Government yesterday appointed a special liaison officer to report
back on the exact extent of the damage and to provide assistance to flood
victims.

The Premier, Mr Kennett, will visit the flood-ravaged district of Shepparton
this morning.

The federal Primary Industries and Energy Minister, Mr Crean, will also visit
Shepparton, Benalla and Wangaratta today on behalf of the Federal Government to
get a first-hand look at the devastation.

The Opposition Leader, Dr Hewson, and National Party leader, Mr Fischer, have
already announced their intention to visit the flood zone today.

The Federal Government yesterday refused to be drawn on whether or not it would
provide special assistance to Victoria's flood victims. Both the Prime Minister,
Mr Keating, and the Leader of the Government in the Senate, Senator Evans,
limited their responses in Question Time to standard funding arrangements that
exist between the Commonwealth and state governments. Mr Keating said the
national disaster relief program provided for 50:50 funding on emergency
spending.

Flood waters continued to cause havoc at Shepparton yesterday after the Goulburn
River peaked at 11.74 metres and broke through levee banks, causing damage to
200 homes. The river peaked just below the 1974 record of 12.1 metres. By late
yesterday, the water level had stabilised at Shepparton but Cobram residents
were bracing themselves after alerts were issued for major flooding. The Murray
River swelled with water flowing in from the Goulburn River.

Widespread flooding is also expected downstream of Yarrawonga at Cobram,
Tocumwal, Echuca and Swan Hill because of record flows from the Ovens River at
Wangaratta, and the Goulburn River at Shepparton, flowing into the Murray River.

Emergency centres were set up in those townships yesterday.

Clean-up operations continued at Benalla and Wangaratta where water levels
dropped significantly, allowing residents to return to their homes to assess the
damage.

Melbourne Water yesterday responded to an urgent plea for clean water from the
Benalla and District Memorial Hospital. About 1500 two-litre bottles of drinking
water were transported to Benalla overnight. The RACV is sending a convoy of
road-service vehicles to the Benalla district today to help stranded motorists,
irrespective of whether they are members or not.

By late yesterday, the Health and Community Services Department had paid almost
800 emergency grants, totalling about $750,000, to victims for personal
hardship.

A spokesman for the department said those worst-hit would be eligible for three
grants of up to $5600 each for structural damage to property, contents loss, and
for temporary living expenses.

The floods continue to cause severe traffic problems and a number of major
roads.

The Deputy Premier and Minister for Police and Emergency Services, Mr McNamara,
said yesterday that one of the directors of the Health and Community Services
department, Mr Alan Clayton, had been appointed as a liaison officer to ensure
the problems of flood-affected communities were presented to the Government.

Mr Clayton will travel to flood-affected areas tomorrow with the Community
Services Minister, Mr Michael John.

HOW THE STATE HAS BEEN AFFECTED Baddaginnie: Clean-up under way.

Benalla: 1000 homes flooded and more than 2000 properties affected.

Five bridges damaged. Several rural properties still isolated by flood waters.
The Broken River has receded significantly and the clean-up is under way. More
than $500,000 has been paid in emergency relief.

Bright: 30 homes flooded and 80 people forced to evacuate. Food drops were
carried out yesterday.

Bundalong: The Murray Valley Highway is closed with access restricted from the
Rutherglen side. The township has been inundated.

Cobram: Residents bracing themselves last night for flooding.

Emergency centre set up.

Echuca: Severe flooding expected by Sunday. The Murray River is rising and a
local emergency flood management committee has been empanelled to prepare for
the expected problems.

Euroa: 60 homes affected.

Myrtleford: 30 homes flooded and 50 people forced to evacute. Flood waters have
generally receded and the clean-up has begun.

Shepparton: 200 homes flooded and 700 houses affected. 35 people were taken to
evacuation centres. To the north, east and west of Shepparton, inundation has
affected several roads. Substantial damage has occurred, particularly in rural
areas.

Swan Hill: Major flood levels continue and problems are expected within days.

Violet Town: 15 homes flooded, crops and stock lost, Clean-up under way.

Wangaratta: 120 homes flooded. The Ovens River has now dropped.

Wodonga: Two homes sandbagged yesterday, but at present river levels, no further
problems are expected.

Yarrawonga: The situation is considered serious. Sandbagging has commenced
around several properties and five homes have been evacuated.

ROAD CLOSURES The Hume Highway is open to Wodonga, but there is damage to the
road and vehicles should exercise caution.

The Goulburn Valley Highway is closed to all traffic between Murchison and
Shepparton. Small vehicles should detour via the Mooroopna- Murchison Road.
Heavy vehicles should detour via the Hume to Wallan.

The Yarrawonga Road is closed to heavy traffic.

The Murray Valley Highway is open, but there is water on the road and damage
between Bundalong and the Hume Freeway. Motorists are urged to detour via the
Riverina Highway to NSW.

The Ovens Highway is open via a detour at Wangaratta to Bright.

The Midland Highway is closed at Shepparton, Benalla and elsewhere to Tocumwal.
Between Tocumwal and Benalla it is open to local traffic only.

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 1993 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              119 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 12, 2013 Monday

Menendez, Chiesa Announce $3.5 Million in Federal Sandy Relief for the Passaic
Valley Sewerage Commission, Seaside Park

LENGTH: 386  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Robert Menendez, U.S Government has issued the following
news release:

U.S. Senators Robert Menendez (D-NJ) and Jeff Chiesa (R-NJ) today announced
$3,514,982.05 in federal Sandy relief grants to the Passaic Valley Sewerage
Commission and Seaside Park. The funding is provided by the Federal Emergency
Management Agency's (FEMA) Public Assistance grant program.


"Whether it is for a large public utility or a small community, federal Sandy
relief reimbursements like these are critical to our overall recovery from the
storm," said Senator Menendez, who helped lead the New Jersey delegation in the
fight for federal Sandy relief.  "This funding will help the PVSC and the
Borough of Seaside Park recoup of the costs associated with the initial response
to the storm. And I am committed to fighting for the federal resources we need
until we fully recover and come back better and stronger than we were before the
storm."


"These resources help our communities and emergency responders continue
recouping the substantial costs incurred during and in the aftermath of
Superstorm Sandy. I commend FEMA for their continued attention to the New Jersey
recovery and will work to provide our cities and towns with the resources they
desperately need," said Senator Chiesa.


The federal Sandy relief funding announced today includes:

    $2,332,456.92 to the Passaic Valley Sewerage Commission for emergency
protective measures to secure the facilities, dewater, and supply temporary
power for facilities destroyed or damaged as a result of Superstorm Sandy.

$1,182,525.13 to Seaside Park for search and rescue operations, evacuations and
securing temporary facilities for facilities destroyed or damaged as a result of
the storm.


In January, President Barack Obama signed the Superstorm Sandy Supplemental
Appropriations bill into law, bringing the total Sandy aid enacted by Congress
to $60.2 billion.  The funding package included federal aid to help homeowners,
businesses, and communities recover, and resources to rebuild coastal,
transportation, and water infrastructure.
Public Assistance grants are awarded by FEMA on a rolling basis after receiving
applications from the state, which coordinates the process with local
governments.

For further information please visit: http://www.menendez.senate.gov

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              120 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 31, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: BILOXI GAINS NEARLY $9.0 MILLION FOR INFRASTRUCTURE, COCHRAN &
WICKER REPORT

LENGTH: 247  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Thad Cochran has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Senators Thad Cochran (R-Miss.) and Roger Wicker (R-Miss.) today announced
that the City of Biloxi will receive a nearly $9.0 million grant to purchase
infrastructure easements.





 The Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) will award a Public Assistance
grant worth $8,955,627 to Biloxi for ongoing work to improve infrastructure
damaged during Hurricane Katrina and subsequent storms.



 "Biloxi will be able to use these funds to improve its water and wastewater
systems to withstand future storms," Cochran said.



 "This FEMA grant offers critical funding to Biloxi to make infrastructure
upgrades in preparation for future storms," Wicker said. "Local residents will
benefit from these improvements and the community will be stronger and better
equipped in the long run."



 The funding will be used to purchase permanent easements required to replace
damaged water and sewer infrastructure.  No state or local matching funds are
required with this award.



 FEMA Public Assistance grants provide supplemental disaster assistance to
state, local and tribal governments and some nonprofit organizations for debris
removal and emergency protective measures.  These grants can also fund the
repair, replacement, or restoration of disaster-damaged, publicly-owned
facilities.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              121 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Lightning Ridge News

                               February 12, 2014

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 389  words


Minister for Western NSW and Member for Barwon Kevin Humphries has welcomed the
announcement the NSW government will provide additional assistance for
drought-stricken farmers in NSW.

Mr Humphries said that among the range of measures contained within the
emergency drought assistance package included the expansion of a temporary
package of emergency in-drought support measures to an additional 19 local
government areas (LGAs) in NSW.

'These new measures will help many communities across Western NSW at a time when
they need help most,' Mr Humphries said.

'Most of our primary producers in Western NSW have only had two of the past ten
years free of either drought or flood and although landholders had been well
prepared, the current drought has been longer and dryer than anticipated.

'These assistance measures will make a significant difference to the ability of
primary producers in communities throughout Western NSW to deal with the tough
conditions they are currently facing.

'As the only party solely dedicated to representing regional NSW, the Nationals
understand not just the impact drought has on our regional communities, but the
importance of responding quickly and effectively to help regional communities
when they need it.'

The temporary emergency assistance package will be expanded to include the LGAs
of: Armidale; Bogan; Central Darling; Cobar; Coonamble; Gilgandra; Glen Innes;
Gunnedah; Guyra; Gwydir; Inverell; Moree Plains; Narrabri; Tamworth Regional;
Tenterfield; Uralla; Walcha; Warren; and Warrumbungle, as well as the
Unincorporated Area.

In November 2013 the NSW government announced a $7.6 million emergency
assistance package for the Bourke, Brewarrina and Walgett LGAs.

Today's announcement increases the amount allocated to the support package to
$14.6 million.

Minister for Primary Industries Katrina Hodgkinson said the measures - which are
back-dated to 1 July 2013 for the Bourke, Brewarrina and Walgett local
government areas and will be back-dated to 1 January 2014 for the new areas -
include:

o up to $20,000 per producer in the form of a Transport Assistance
Reimbursement;

o up to $30,000 per producer for Emergency Water Infrastructure Grants; and

o the waiving of Western Lands Lease payments, Local Land Services rates and
Wild Dog Destruction Board rates for a 12-month period, where applicable.

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2014 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              122 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                Richmond County Daily Journal, Rockingham, N.C.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            November 6, 2011 Sunday

County board to discuss new funding for project

BYLINE: Dawn Kurry, Richmond County Daily Journal, Rockingham, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 699 words


Nov. 06--On Monday, the Richmond County Board of Commissioners will shift its
attention to the Fox Road Water Extension Phase II project.

Richmond County has received a $600,000 grant from the Department of Commerce
Community Investment and Assistance Division for the project. As part of the
grant, the N.C. Department of Commerce requires that Richmond County has budget
ordinances in place. County commissioners will be receiving funds from The Rural
Center, The Bernard Allen Fund and there will be a county match. These amounts
will be determined once the total project cost has been tallied. The estimated
project cost is $828,740.

Other items on the county board's agenda for its November meeting include:

-- Richmond County is applying for a $250,000 grant from the Industrial
Development Fund through the N.C. Department of Commerce to assist with the
Ellerbe Sewer Line to Rockingham project. The resolution authorizes Chairman
Kenneth Robinette to sign and submit the application on behalf of the county.

-- Commissioners will discuss several demolition projects along Highway U.S. 1.

-- The board is expected to pass a resolution designating Nov. 11, 2011, as a
holiday in honor of Veterans Day in Richmond County.

-- The commissioners will examine a proclamation for Farm-City Week as Nov.
19-22.

-- Commissioners will be asked to approve a 2011-2012 Home and Community Care
Block Grant for Richmond County Aging Services. Forms have been updated due to
an increase in funding ($17,500) from the federal and state government.

-- The board will be asked to consider appointment of a commissioner to fill a
vacant seat on the Richmond County Water Committee. There has not been a purpose
for the Water Committee to meet in quite some time, so the seat previously held
by Commissioner Paul Wilson has not yet been filled. The membership of the Water
Committee consists of three commissioners, the county manager and the public
works director. Commissioners John Garner and Peggy Covington are serving in two
of the seats on the Water Committee, along with County Manager Rick Sago and
Public Works Director Bryan Land.

-- Health Director Tommy Jarrell will present to the board additional
aid-to-county funding, in the amount of $10,862 to be used locally for any
identified need or purpose to support the delivery of public health. This is a
one-time fund. Jarrell will further update the board on the newest ongoings of
the Health Department.

-- Funds have been received for the Low-Income Home Energy Assistance Program or
LIEAP. This is a federal energy assistance program and administering this
program is new to social services this year. Sago will request this budget
amendment be made to make these funds available to assist county residents. This
program is designed to help qualified households with the expected high cost of
heating this winter and will be available to the specified target population as
of Dec. 1, through Jan. 31. After that applications will be open to the general
public for as long as the money lasts. The specified target population is
households that are elderly or disabled and meet the other eligibility
requirements.

-- Social Services received its Phase II allocation for the Job Boost program
and Phase I's allocation was larger than the budget estimated. Social Services
received an additional allocation from the Division of Child Development and
Early Education.

-- At the April commissioner's meeting the previous director of emergency
services requested the board's approval to apply for a $50,000 grant, which
would be used to hire a consultant to write a regional hazard mitigation plan
involving Anson, Montgomery, Richmond and Scotland counties. The Richmond County
Emergency Services was awarded the grant and is requesting a budget amendment so
the project can begin.

-- The board will discuss accepting a donation of $400 to Leath Memorial Public
Library from Rockingham Civitan Club, for children's programs, as well as a $25
donation from J. W. Milstead Jr.

___ (c)2011 the Richmond County Daily Journal (Rockingham, N.C.) Visit the
Richmond County Daily Journal (Rockingham, N.C.) at www.yourdailyjournal.com
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20111106-RU-County-board-to-discuss-new-funding-for-project-1106-20111106

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RU


                                 Copyright 2011


                              123 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 1, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: Biloxi Gains Nearly $9.0 Million for Infrastructure Work, Wicker &
Cochran Report

LENGTH: 247  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Roger F. Wicker has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Senators Roger Wicker, R-Miss., and Thad Cochran, R-Miss., today announced
that the City of Biloxi will receive a nearly $9.0 million grant to purchase
infrastructure easements.





 The Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) will award a Public Assistance
grant worth $8,955,627 to Biloxi for ongoing work to improve infrastructure
damaged during Hurricane Katrina and subsequent storms.



 "This FEMA grant offers critical funding to Biloxi to make infrastructure
upgrades in preparation for future storms," Wicker said. "Local residents will
benefit from these improvements and the community will be stronger and better
equipped in the long run."



 "Biloxi will be able to use these funds to improve its water and wastewater
systems to withstand future storms," Cochran said.



 The funding will be used to purchase permanent easements required to replace
damaged water and sewer infrastructure. No state or local matching funds are
required with this award.



 FEMA Public Assistance grants provide supplemental disaster assistance to
state, local and tribal governments and some nonprofit organizations for debris
removal and emergency protective measures. These grants can also fund the
repair, replacement, or restoration of disaster-damaged, publicly-owned
facilities.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              124 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                Richmond County Daily Journal, Rockingham, N.C.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           November 5, 2011 Saturday

County board to discuss new funding for project

BYLINE: Dawn Kurry, Richmond County Daily Journal, Rockingham, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 706 words


Nov. 05--Dawn M. Kurry

Richmond County Daily Journal

On Monday, the Richmond County Board of Commissioners will shift its attention
to the Fox Road Water Extension Phase II project.

Richmond County has received a $600,000 grant from the Department of Commerce
Community Investment and Assistance Division for the project. As part of the
grant, the N.C. Department of Commerce requires that Richmond County has budget
ordinances in place. County commissioners will be receiving funds from The Rural
Center, The Bernard Allen Fund and there will be a county match. These amounts
will be determined once the total project cost has been tallied. The estimated
project cost is $828,740.

Other items on the county board's agenda for its November meeting include:

-- Richmond County is applying for a $250,000 grant from the Industrial
Development Fund through the N.C. Department of Commerce to assist with the
Ellerbe Sewer Line to Rockingham project. The resolution authorizes Chairman
Kenneth Robinette to sign and submit the application on behalf of the county.

-- Commissioners will discuss several demolition projects along Highway U.S. 1.

-- The board is expected to pass a resolution designating Nov. 11, 2011, as a
holiday in honor of Veterans Day in Richmond County.

-- The commissioners will examine a proclamation for Farm-City Week as Nov.
19-22.

-- Commissioners will be asked to approve a 2011-2012 Home and Community Care
Block Grant for Richmond County Aging Services. Forms have been updated due to
an increase in funding ($17,500) from the federal and state government.

-- The board will be asked to consider appointment of a commissioner to fill a
vacant seat on the Richmond County Water Committee. There has not been a purpose
for the Water Committee to meet in quite some time, so the seat previously held
by Commissioner Paul Wilson has not yet been filled. The membership of the Water
Committee consists of three commissioners, the county manager and the public
works director. Commissioners John Garner and Peggy Covington are serving in two
of the seats on the Water Committee, along with County Manager Rick Sago and
Public Works Director Bryan Land.

-- Health Director Tommy Jarrell will present to the board additional
aid-to-county funding, in the amount of $10,862 to be used locally for any
identified need or purpose to support the delivery of public health. This is a
one-time fund. Jarrell will further update the board on the newest ongoings of
the Health Department.

-- Funds have been received for the Low-Income Home Energy Assistance Program or
LIEAP. This is a federal energy assistance program and administering this
program is new to social services this year. Sago will request this budget
amendment be made to make these funds available to assist county residents. This
program is designed to help qualified households with the expected high cost of
heating this winter and will be available to the specified target population as
of Dec. 1, through Jan. 31. After that applications will be open to the general
public for as long as the money lasts. The specified target population is
households that are elderly or disabled and meet the other eligibility
requirements.

-- Social Services received its Phase II allocation for the Job Boost program
and Phase I's allocation was larger than the budget estimated. Social Services
received an additional allocation from the Division of Child Development and
Early Education.

-- At the April commissioner's meeting the previous director of emergency
services requested the board's approval to apply for a $50,000 grant, which
would be used to hire a consultant to write a regional hazard mitigation plan
involving Anson, Montgomery, Richmond and Scotland counties. The Richmond County
Emergency Services was awarded the grant and is requesting a budget amendment so
the project can begin.

-- The board will discuss accepting a donation of $400 to Leath Memorial Public
Library from Rockingham Civitan Club, for children's programs, as well as a $25
donation from J. W. Milstead Jr.

___ (c)2011 the Richmond County Daily Journal (Rockingham, N.C.) Visit the
Richmond County Daily Journal (Rockingham, N.C.) at www.yourdailyjournal.com
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20111105-RU-County-board-to-discuss-new-funding-for-project-1105-20111105

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RU


                                 Copyright 2011


                              125 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                            October 10, 2010 Sunday

Saudi Fund to grant US $ 23.3 m humanitarian assistance to UNICEF

LENGTH: 494  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, Oct. 10 -- Saudi Fund for Development (SFD) of

the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia will provide a grant of US$ 23.3 million

to the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF) for humanitarian

activities in Pakistan.

A Memorandum of Understanding (MoU), to this effect, was

signed here on Friday.

"This grant by the Government of Saudi Arabia is for urgent

support to maternal and child healthcare, nutrition services for

children and pregnant women, and providing safe drinking water and

adequate sanitation facilities in the IDP camps," said Engineer

Mohamed Al Arifi, head of the SFD delegation.

He said the Saudi government has always shown its desire to

provide financial assistance to Pakistan on Humanitarian grounds.

This relief assistance comes under Saudi Arabia's pledge of

US$ 100 million to the IDPs, he added.

In 2009, mass displacement of population took place as a

result of militancy in north-western Pakistan. Nearly three million

people were displaced of which many still reside in camps and with

host communities.

The SFD grant will go towards UNICEF's ongoing humanitarian

assistance for populations affected in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa and the

Federally Administered Tribal Areas (FATA).

This generous donation by SFD will go a long way in helping

UNICEF to continue to provide improved and expanded services in the

areas of health, education, drinking water, sanitation and hygiene

to women and children affected by militancy in north-western

Pakistan, said Daniel Toole, Regional Director for South Asia and

Special Representative for UNICEF in Pakistan.

Successive emergencies in Pakistan pose a greater challenge

for humanitarian organisations and additional funds are needed for

a sustained response.

"As we actively serve populations affected by the recent

floods, we must not forget those who were already displaced and

distressed due to the earlier emergency and may have taken a double

blow," he said.

UNICEF will use the Saudi funds for procuring school supplies,

preventive and curative health services, provision of safe drinking

water, sanitation facilities and restoration of damaged public

sector schools and health centres.

UNICEF is on the ground in over 150 countries and territories

to help children survive and thrive, from early childhood through

adolescence. In Pakistan, it works with the government, NGOs and

other partners to support child health and nutrition, good water and

sanitation, quality basic education for all boys and girls, and the

protection of children from violence, exploitation, and AIDS.

It has provided vital relief and reconstruction support to

help individuals rebuild their lives after emergencies, such as the

October 2005 earthquake.

UNICEF is funded entirely by the voluntary contributions of

individuals, businesses, foundations and governments Published by HT Syndication
with permission from Right Vision News. For any query with respect to this
article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              126 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 Moree Champion

                               February 12, 2014

SECTION: COMMUNITY

LENGTH: 412  words


MINISTER for Western NSW and Member for Barwon Kevin Humphries has welcomed
yesterday's announcement the NSW Government will provide additional assistance
for drought-stricken farmers in NSW.

Mr Humphries said among the range of measures contained within the emergency
drought assistance package included the expansion of a temporary package of
emergency in-drought support measures to an additional 19 local government areas
in NSW.

'These new measures will help many communities across western NSW at a time when
they need help most,' Mr Humphries said.

'Most of our primary producers in western NSW have only had two of the past 10
years free of either drought or flood and although landholders had been well
prepared, the current drought has been longer and dryer than anticipated.

'These assistance measures will make a significant difference to the ability of
primary producers in communities throughout Western NSW to deal with the tough
conditions they are

currently facing.

'As the only party solely dedicated to representing regional NSW, the Nationals
understand not just the impact drought has on our regional communities, but the
importance of responding quickly and effectively to help regional communities
when they need it.'

In November 2013 the NSW Government announced a $7.6 million emergency
assistance package for the Bourke, Brewarrina and Walgett LGAs.

Yesterday's announcement increases the amount allocated to the support package
to $14.6 million.

Minister for Primary Industries Katrina Hodgkinson said the measures, which are
back-dated to July 2013 for Bourke, Brewarrina and Walgett would be back-dated
to January 1, 2014 for the new areas, and include:

' Up to $20,000 per producer in the form of a Transport Assistance
Reimbursement;

'  Up to $30,000 per producer for Emergency Water Infrastructure Grants; and

'  The waiving of Western Lands Lease payments, Local Land Services rates and
Wild Dog Destruction Board rates for a 12-month period, where applicable.

'Seasonal conditions are deteriorating at a rapid rate across a large portion of
NSW and I am concerned at the severity and speed at which this drought is moving
across the landscape,' Ms Hodgkinson said.

'While the NSW Government recognises that producers must make sound management
decisions and implement extensive preparedness measures to deal with adverse
seasonal conditions, no matter how well a farmer may prepare for drought, it is
impossible to completely drought-proof a property.

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2014 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              127 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Janesville Gazette (Wisconsin)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           December 28, 2010 Tuesday

City continues to clear properties damaged in 2008 flood

BYLINE: Marcia Nelesen, The Janesville Gazette, Wis.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 492 words


Dec. 28--JANESVILLE -- The Janesville City Council on Monday approved buying
another flood-damaged home in the Mole & Sadler's subdivision, bringing to a
dozen the number of houses acquired by the city for demolition.

The property at 1107 Hamilton Ave. will be converted to open parkland.

The house was damaged in the 2008 flood, which generated the highest Rock River
floodwaters on record.

After the flood, the city submitted a grant application to the Federal Hazard
Mitigation Grant Program to buy 11 properties--one at 809 S. Jackson St. and 10
in the Mole & Sadler's subdivision along the Rock River and near Riverside Park.
Some of the subdivision is in a floodplain and routinely floods.

Funding to buy and demolish eight of the properties was approved by FEMA.

Three of the properties did not qualify because of Wisconsin Emergency
Management concerns about groundwater contamination. Those properties have since
been purchased by the city with Community Development Block Grant money through
the Emergency Assistance Program. The structures were demolished.

In September, the city was awarded an additional $300,000 in community block
grant money to buy residential properties in the floodplain that did not qualify
for any previous grant programs because they were not substantially damaged.

The property at 1107 Hamilton Ave. is one such property.

At Monday's council meeting, Councilman Bill Truman asked if the garage could
remain on the property for storage.

Assistant City Manager Jay Winzenz said he did not know if the grant would allow
such an action, but said staff would look into the idea.

During the flood, the property was damaged and the occupants vacated because of
a lack of sewer, water and access to the property.

City offers to purchase are based on a pre-flood appraisal minus any federal
emergency assistance or insurance payments made to the owners. Using this
formula, the city's offer to purchase was $114,000. The city's website lists the
property's assessment at $72,700.

The structure is vacant.

Two additional property owners also are considering buy-out offers from the
city.

The grant requires that acquired properties be demolished and kept as open green
space.

Prairie grass is planted on the sites to reduce maintenance.

Some residents in the area earlier this year were upset when the city cut down
numerous trees to grow the prairie grass. Tom Presny, parks director, said at
the time that city staff apparently did not make it clear that workers must
regularly burn off a prairie.

He said the city in the spring plans to plant oak trees that should tolerate
both flood and fire.

To see more of The Janesville Gazette, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.gazetteextra.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Janesville Gazette, Wis.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: December 29, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20101228-JG-City-continues-to-clear-properties-damaged-in-2008-flood-1228-201012
28

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JG


                     Copyright 2010 The Janesville Gazette


                              128 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Farmington Daily Times (New Mexico)

                            November 25, 2013 Monday

Navajo Nation added to federal disaster declaration, now eligible for FEMA grant

BYLINE: By Noel Lyn Smith The Daily Times

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 447 words


Farmington   The Navajo Nation has been added to a federal disaster declaration
because of flooding it sustained this past summer that breached earthen dams and
damaged communities.

The declaration makes the tribe eligible to apply for reimbursement from the
Federal Emergency Management Agency's Public Assistance Grant Program.

The Public Assistance Grant Program provides assistance to state, tribal and
local governments as well as certain types of private nonprofit organizations by
reimbursing applicants for expenses incurred during emergency situations.

Under a cost-sharing formula, FEMA reimburses 75 percent of the total costs,
while the applicant pays the remaining 25 percent.

Both the tribe and Sierra County, located in southwestern New Mexico, were added
to the disaster declaration signed Sept. 30 by President Barack Obama.

"Adding Sierra County and the Navajo Nation to the disaster declaration means
assistance is now available to help with eligible costs for repairs," said
Federal Coordinating Officer Nancy Casper in a press release.

Severe monsoon weather hit the Navajo Nation in August and September causing
flooding to communities and roads.

The Navajo Nation Commission on Emergency Management declared a state of
emergency for the reservation on Aug. 21.

According to the commission's resolution, 21 chapters in Arizona, 26 chapters in
New Mexico and six chapters in Utah sustained damage from the flooding.

Approximately 50 earthen dams located on tribal lands breached due to torrential
rainfall, causing erosion and damaging some communities.

During the monsoon weather, the Navajo Nation Department of Emergency Management
received assistance from county and state emergency departments along with the
Red Cross, the Hopi Tribe and the Bureau of Indian Affairs.

The tribe's Department of Emergency Management could not be reached for comment
Monday.

Bernalillo, Colfax, Luna, Sandoval and Socorro counties and the Cochiti, Kewa,
San Felipe and Sandia Pueblos were previously included in the declaration after
these areas were affected by severe storms and flooding in July.

Amendments made in January to the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and
Emergency Assistance Act made it possible for federally recognized tribes to
apply for and receive major disaster declarations and federal emergency aid.

In March, the Navajo Nation signed an agreement with FEMA to receive federal
emergency funds to cover the cost of repairing water lines that were frozen or
damaged when low temperatures impacted the reservation for several weeks earlier
in the year.

Noel Lyn Smith covers the Navajo Nation for The Daily Times. She can be reached
at 505-564-4636. @nsmithdt on Twitter.

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2013 Farmington Daily Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              129 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 8, 2016 Monday

Federal Register: Information Collection Activity; Comment Request

LENGTH: 755  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



  DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Utilities Service Information Collection
Activity; Comment Request AGENCY: Rural Utilities Service, USDA. ACTION: Notice
and request for comments.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 (44 U.S.C. chapter 35, as
amended), the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural Development
administers rural utilities programs through the Rural Utilities Service (RUS).
RUS invites comments on the following information collection for which the
Agency intends to request approval from the Office of Management and Budget
(OMB). DATES: Comments on this notice must be received by April 8, 2016. FOR
FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Thomas P. Dickson, Acting Director, Program
Development and Regulatory Analysis, USDA Rural Utilities Service, 1400
Independence Avenue SW., STOP 1522, Room 5164, South Building, Washington, DC
20250-1522. Telephone: (202) 690-4492. FAX: (202) 720-8435. Email:

Thomas.Dickson@wdc.usda.gov SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: The Office of Management
and Budget's (OMB) regulation (5 CFR 1320) implementing provisions of the
Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 (Pub. L. 104-13) requires that interested
members of the public and affected agencies have an opportunity to comment on
information collection and recordkeeping activities (see 5 CFR 1320.8(d)). This
notice identifies an information collection that RUS is submitting to OMB for
extension. Comments are invited on: (a) Whether this collection of information
is necessary for the proper performance of the functions of the Agency,
including whether the information will have practical utility; (b) the accuracy
of the Agency's estimate of the burden of the proposed collection of information
including the validity of the methodology and assumptions used; (c) ways to
enhance the quality, utility, and clarity of the information to be collected;
and (d) ways to minimize the burden of the collection of information on
respondents, including through the use of appropriate automated, electronic,
mechanical, or other technological collection techniques or other forms of
information technology. Comments may be sent to: Thomas P. Dickson, Acting
Director, Program Development and Regulatory Analysis, USDA Rural Development,
STOP 1522, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-1522. FAX: (202)
720-8435. Title: Emergency and Imminent Community Water Assistance Grants, 7 CFR
1778. OMB Control Number: 0572-0110. Type of Request: Extension of a currently
approved information collection. Abstract: Rural Utilities Service (RUS), an
agency delivering the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) administers
Emergency and Imminent Community Water Assistance Grants pursuant to 7 CFR 1778
and awards grants to qualified rural communities that have experienced a
significant decline in quality or quantity of water or expect such a decline to
be imminent. Grants under this RUS program may be made to public bodies and
private nonprofit corporations serving rural areas. Public bodies include
counties, cities, townships, incorporated towns and villages, boroughs,
authorities, districts, and other political subdivisions of a state. Public
bodies also include Indian Tribes on Federal and State reservations and other
Federally-recognized Indian tribal groups in rural areas. Applicants will
provide information to be collected as part of the application and grant process
through documentation, certifications, or completed application forms. These
procedures are codified at 7 CFR part 1778. Estimate of Burden: Public reporting
for this collection of information is estimated to average 4 hours per response.
Respondents: Not-for-profit Institutions. Estimated Number of Respondents: 100.
Estimated Total Annual Burden on Respondents: 400 hours. Copies of this
information collection can be obtained from Rebecca Hunt, Program Development
and Regulatory Analysis, at (202) 205-3660, FAX (202) 720-8435 or email:
Rebecca.Hunt@wdc.usda.gov All responses to this notice will be summarized and
included in the request for OMB approval. All comments will also become a matter
of public records. Dated: February 2, 2016. Brandon McBride, Administrator,
Rural Utilities Service. [FR Doc. 2016-02462 Filed 2-5-16; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE
P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              130 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 8, 2016 Monday

Federal Register: Information Collection Activity; Comment Request

LENGTH: 755  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



  DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Utilities Service Information Collection
Activity; Comment Request AGENCY: Rural Utilities Service, USDA. ACTION: Notice
and request for comments.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 (44 U.S.C. chapter 35, as
amended), the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural Development
administers rural utilities programs through the Rural Utilities Service (RUS).
RUS invites comments on the following information collection for which the
Agency intends to request approval from the Office of Management and Budget
(OMB). DATES: Comments on this notice must be received by April 8, 2016. FOR
FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Thomas P. Dickson, Acting Director, Program
Development and Regulatory Analysis, USDA Rural Utilities Service, 1400
Independence Avenue SW., STOP 1522, Room 5164, South Building, Washington, DC
20250-1522. Telephone: (202) 690-4492. FAX: (202) 720-8435. Email:

Thomas.Dickson@wdc.usda.gov SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: The Office of Management
and Budget's (OMB) regulation (5 CFR 1320) implementing provisions of the
Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 (Pub. L. 104-13) requires that interested
members of the public and affected agencies have an opportunity to comment on
information collection and recordkeeping activities (see 5 CFR 1320.8(d)). This
notice identifies an information collection that RUS is submitting to OMB for
extension. Comments are invited on: (a) Whether this collection of information
is necessary for the proper performance of the functions of the Agency,
including whether the information will have practical utility; (b) the accuracy
of the Agency's estimate of the burden of the proposed collection of information
including the validity of the methodology and assumptions used; (c) ways to
enhance the quality, utility, and clarity of the information to be collected;
and (d) ways to minimize the burden of the collection of information on
respondents, including through the use of appropriate automated, electronic,
mechanical, or other technological collection techniques or other forms of
information technology. Comments may be sent to: Thomas P. Dickson, Acting
Director, Program Development and Regulatory Analysis, USDA Rural Development,
STOP 1522, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-1522. FAX: (202)
720-8435. Title: Emergency and Imminent Community Water Assistance Grants, 7 CFR
1778. OMB Control Number: 0572-0110. Type of Request: Extension of a currently
approved information collection. Abstract: Rural Utilities Service (RUS), an
agency delivering the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) administers
Emergency and Imminent Community Water Assistance Grants pursuant to 7 CFR 1778
and awards grants to qualified rural communities that have experienced a
significant decline in quality or quantity of water or expect such a decline to
be imminent. Grants under this RUS program may be made to public bodies and
private nonprofit corporations serving rural areas. Public bodies include
counties, cities, townships, incorporated towns and villages, boroughs,
authorities, districts, and other political subdivisions of a state. Public
bodies also include Indian Tribes on Federal and State reservations and other
Federally-recognized Indian tribal groups in rural areas. Applicants will
provide information to be collected as part of the application and grant process
through documentation, certifications, or completed application forms. These
procedures are codified at 7 CFR part 1778. Estimate of Burden: Public reporting
for this collection of information is estimated to average 4 hours per response.
Respondents: Not-for-profit Institutions. Estimated Number of Respondents: 100.
Estimated Total Annual Burden on Respondents: 400 hours. Copies of this
information collection can be obtained from Rebecca Hunt, Program Development
and Regulatory Analysis, at (202) 205-3660, FAX (202) 720-8435 or email:
Rebecca.Hunt@wdc.usda.gov All responses to this notice will be summarized and
included in the request for OMB approval. All comments will also become a matter
of public records. Dated: February 2, 2016. Brandon McBride, Administrator,
Rural Utilities Service. [FR Doc. 2016-02462 Filed 2-5-16; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE
P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              131 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Laurel Leader-Call (Mississippi)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 13, 2011 Sunday

Cities of Ellisville, Taylorsville awarded for community projects

BYLINE: Charlotte Graham, Laurel Leader-Call, Miss.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 968 words


March 13--JACKSON -- Two area communities are listed among the 13 recipients of
the 2011 Governor's Community Projects of Excellence Award presented by Governor
Haley Barbour and Gray Swoope, executive director of the Mississippi Development
Authority (MDA), during a ceremony at the Mississippi Department of Education
building in downtown Jackson Wednesday.

The City of Ellisville was recognized as "Best CDBG-Recovery," while the Town of
Taylorsville was honored for "Best Small Municipal and Limited Population County
Grant (SMLPC)."

The awards are presented to community leaders and representatives from
non-profit organizations for their outstanding use of Community Development
Block Grant (CDBG), Emergency Shelter Grant Program (ESG), Capital Improvements
Revolving Loan Program (CAP), Rural Impact Fund Program (RIF), Small Municipal
and Limited Population County Grant Program (SMLPC) and Home Investment
Partnerships Program (HOME) funds over the past year. The state and federal
funding programs, which provide assistance for community improvement projects,
are administered by MDA's Community Services Division.

The CDBG Program helps local units of government realize their potential by
providing the necessary funds to ensure adequate housing, basic community
services, environmental quality and economic opportunities for their residents;
ESG funds are designed to provide assistance to homeless individuals and
families; HOME Program funds are made available to local communities to provide
for affordable housing, whether through homeowner rehabilitation/reconstruction,
new construction, the substantial rehabilitation of multi-family rental units or
through assistance to homebuyers.

"The awards presented today represent the excellent use of state and federal
funding programs in Mississippi communities around the state," Governor Barbour
said. "I thank this year's award recipients for their service to their
communities and their dedication to making them better places in which to live,
work and do business."

Other winners of the Governor's Community Projects of Excellence Awards are:

--Coahoma County -- Best CDBG Economic Development (ED)

--City of Magnolia -- Best CDBG Public Facility

--Town of Braxton -- Best CDBG Self-Help

--Haven House Family Shelter -- Best Emergency Shelter Grant (ESG)

--Monroe County -- Best Capital Improvements Revolving Loan (CAP)

--Calhoun City -- Best Rural Impact Fund (RIF)

--Valley Community Development Corporation -- Best HOME Program Community
Housing Development Organization (CHDO)

--Town of Ethel -- Best HOME Program Homeowner Rehabilitation

--City of Holly Springs -- Best HOME Program Homebuyer Assistance

--City of Gulfport -- Best Katrina CDBG Community Revitalization

--The Lodge -- Best Katrina CDBG Long Term Workforce Housing

In addition, two Gulf Coast municipalities were presented awards for their use
of federal Hurricane Katrina Disaster Recovery CDBG funds, which are
administered by MDA's Disaster Recovery Division. Katrina CDBG funds are
designed to help local units of government in the areas hardest hit by Hurricane
Katrina. These funds can be used by counties and cities to ensure basic
community services, environmental quality and economic opportunities for their
residents. CDBG-Recovery funds were made available to the state through the
American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 as part of the federal
government's efforts to stimulate the economy. These funds can be used for
needed infrastructure projects, basic services to residents and activities that
promote energy efficiency and conservation through the rehabilitation or
retrofitting of existing buildings.

The state offers a number of community development programs, as well. CAP funds
are provided to counties or municipalities to finance capital improvements such
as water, sewer, industrial draining and fire protection improvements,
industrial access roads, construction of multipurpose facilities for tourism
development and recreation improvements. RIF funds are designed to assist and
promote businesses and economic development in rural areas by providing grants
to rural communities. SMLPC funds are used for publicly-owned infrastructure for
community-based projects such as drainage systems, water and sewer systems,
roads and bridges and buildings. Funding from this program can be used by small
municipalities and counties with limited populations.

"The key to economic development success is having vibrant, competitive
communities," said Swoope. "Last year, MDA administered $83 million in state and
federal funds, excluding Hurricane Katrina programs, all of which are aimed at
enhancing our communities.

"Today we recognized those projects that excelled at using these programs to
better the quality of life and economic well being of their citizens."

MDA is Mississippi's lead economic and community development agency, employing
nearly 300 people to engage in providing services to businesses, communities and
workers in the state. While the agency is best known for its efforts to recruit
new businesses to Mississippi, MDA provides services to promote tourism, help
communities improve their quality of place, help existing employers identify and
meet opportunities and challenges and help workers improve their skills -- all
with the goal of improving the quality of life and economic well-being of
Mississippians.

To learn more about the agency and its programs, visit MDA's Web site at
www.mississippi.org.

To see more of the Laurel Leader-Call or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.leadercall.com. Copyright (c) 2011, Laurel Leader-Call, Miss.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110313-LH-Cities-of-Ellisville-Taylorsville-awarded-for-community
-projects-0313-20110313

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LH


                       Copyright 2011 Laurel Leader-Call


                              132 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                            July 13, 1994, Wednesday

How you can help

SECTION: STATE NEWS; Section D; Page 8

LENGTH: 828 words


The Georgia Emergency Management Agency appreciates any help, but asks that all
calls regarding donations be directed to the American Red Cross and the
Salvation Army. To volunteer to help, call GEMA at 1-800- 879-4362.

The Salvation Army is accepting donations of sealed bottled water and cleaning
supplies at several of its metro Atlanta locations. Call 873- 3101. Financial
contributions can be mailed to The Salvation Army, Georgia Flood Relief, P.O.
Box 5378, Atlanta, Ga. 30307.

Habitat for Humanity International, based in hard-hit Americus in Sumter County,
has created the Habitat Emergency Fund to help cover costs of assistance in
Georgia, Florida and Alabama. Volunteers also are helping authorities in Sumter
County. Checks may be sent to HFHI Emergency Fund, 121 Habitat St., Americus,
Ga. 31709.

Those wishing to help flood victims can call 1-800-842-2200 or 1-800- 257-7575
(Spanish language) to charge a financial contribution to a credit card.
Donations by check may be made to the American Red Cross Disaster Relief, P.O.
Box 101590, Atlanta, Ga. 30392.

The March of Dimes needs donations of jars of baby food, rice cereal,
ready-mixed canned formula, disposable diapers, wet wipes and Avon Skin-So-Soft
to aid mothers and babies. Drop items off at the March of Dimes office at 2
Northside 75 N.W., Suite 100, Monday-Friday, 8:30 a.m.-7 p.m. 350-9800

The Georgia Veterinary Medical Association is seeking donations of emergency
supplies to deliver to veterinarians and pets in the South Georgia flood areas
Thursday and Friday. The association needs dog and cat food, canvas tents and
tarps, chain link fencing and animal cages as well as financial assistance. The
collection site is the association's headquarters at 3050 Holcomb Bridge Road,
Norcross. It will be open to accept donations today and Thursday from 10 a.m. to
4 p.m. For more information: 416-1633.

To make a credit card donation to the American Red Cross Disaster Relief Fund,
dial 511 and enter code 7505. Have your Visa, MasterCard or American Express
ready and follow the instructions. Each call costs 50 cents and the net proceeds
and transaction fees will go to the American Red Cross. See page A2 for details.

IF YOU NEED HELP:

To request federal assistance because of storm damage, call FEMA at
1-800-462-9029. A joint federal/state disaster field office was to open in East
Point by today to administer assistance programs. The office will be in the
former Federal Aviation Administration office at 3400 Norman Berry Drive.

The Red Cross main switchboard number in Atlanta is 404-881-9800 or you can call
the Georgia Field Office at 1-800-466-4557. They can direct you to the local
chapter in your area.

Disaster centers

Four Disaster Application Centers opened Monday and others will open soon,
including another in Albany, officials from the Georgia and federal emergency
management agencies said. For homeowners, the typical response time for aid is
seven to 10 days. The centers will be open from 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. Here are the
current locations:

Bibb County, Macon Coliseum, 200 Coliseum Drive, Macon.

Clayton County, Jonesboro Middle School, 137 Spring St., Jonesboro. (Closed
Tuesday).

Dougherty County, Highland Middle School, 1001 Highland Ave., Albany and the
Thorton Community Center, 210 Thorton Ave., Albany.

Sumter County, Americus High School, 805 Harrold Ave., Americus.

Emergency management officials said the preferred method of taking applications
is over the telephone. The disaster application hotline, open 24 hours a day, is
1-800-462-9029 and, for the hearing and speech impaired, is 1-800-462-7585.

Road information

The Georgia Department of Transportation has opened a toll-free line for drivers
who want to find out the condition of roads in the flooded areas:
1-800-435-7955.

Emergency loan programs

Emergency management agencies have outlined loans and grants available to
flood-stricken families and businesses. To receive federal assistance,
homeowners and businesses located in flood plains must agree to buy flood
insurance spanning the life of the loan. Qualified applicants for housing grants
or loans will get a check within seven to 10 days of filing an application,
officials said.

Here are the assistance programs:

Disaster Housing Assistance. FEMA may provide funds for anyone whose residence
has been destroyed to obtain alternate rental housing or to make essential
repairs.

Individual and Family Grants. Grants of up to $ 12,000 may be available to
repair massive infrastructure problems in counties and communities. The funds,
administered by the state, are split 75 percent by FEMA and 25 percent by the
state.

Home/Personal Property Disaster Loans. Small Business Administration
low-interest loans (6.625 percent) are available to homeowners and renters for
restoring and replacing damaged real estate and personal property. Maximum is $
200,000 for real estate and $ 40,000 for personal property.

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH941960126

                    Copyright 1994 The Atlanta Constitution


                              133 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                    The Land

                             June 7, 2012 Thursday

AFTER a three month wait, the State government

SECTION: EARLY GENERAL NEWS; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 619 words


AFTER a three month wait, the State government has rejected an application for
Category C natural disaster assistance for the West Wyalong district after what
locals rated the worst flood in 100 years.

The Category C assistance would have allowed eligible farmers and small
businesses to apply for cash grants of up to $25,000 to help them get back on
their feet.

The Bland Shire had also so far been left off the Natural Disaster Relief and
Recovery Arrangements (NDRRA) list, which gives flood-affected small businesses
and primary producers access for up to $15,000 for clean-up and recovery grants
? Griffith, Leeton, Lockhart, Murrum-bidgee, Narrandera, Urana, Wagga Wagga and
Young communities could all access these grants.

Bland Shire Council mayor Neil Pokoney said they were "utterly perplexed" as to
why they had been "brick-walled" by both the State and Federal government for so
long and described the State's decision as "ridiculous".

Mr Pokoney said he received a letter from Parliamentary Secretary for Police and
Emergency Services Geoff Provest last Friday advising the Bland Shire, including
Ungarie, was not eligible for category C assistance.

In the letter, Mr Provest indicated that while flooding across the shire and
particularly around Ungarie had had an impact across the community, Category C
assistance was reserved for "situations where the farming sector is severely
affected, with threats to viability and disruption of production likely to
extend beyond the current season" based on a damage assessment by the Department
of Primary Industries.

Mr Pokoney said the decision came as no surprise.

"Right from the onset this has been a convoluted, fragmented and disjointed
process. A process incapable of meeting the needs of devastated communities, not
only in Bland Shire but across our whole region," he said.

"We had more than 300,000 acres (120,000 hectares) of farming land under water
for up to three weeks (pictured), Ungarie seriously flooded and the State
Government wants to tell us the impact isn't sufficient enough to declare a
Category C event."

While farms across the whole Shire suffered devastating effects from the floods
the worst affected areas were in the small village of Ungarie ? population 330 ?
and the people who lived east of West Wyalong near, or on, the Back Creek.

In Ungarie alone, he said 72 homes ? half the number of houses in the town ?
were inundated with water, including at least seven businesses, while 115
properties were isolated when the Humbug Creek overflowed.

As the Ungarie community had a fairly low socio-economic profile, with an
average weekly income of $238 per week per person, Mr Pokoney said assistance
was "desperately needed".

Mr Pokoney said in addition to the damage in the town the farmers who were
inundated with water had lost thousands of kilometres of fencing, with most
properties losing at least 10km, and despite plenty of time to prepare the water
went to such unprecedented places many had significant stock losses, with one
individual losing 1350 sheep, as well as pasture, equipment and infrastructure
losses.

The Bland Shire itself also had an estimated infastructure damage bill of $7.2
million.

There was still some hope for assistance though, through the Federal Attorney
Generals Department which could invoke the Australian Govern-ment Disaster
Recovery Payment (AGDRP) without any influence from the State, depending on the
damage reported by individuals.

However, if this was granted it would only provide one-off payments of $1000 for
adults and $400 for children.

Minister for Police and Emergency Services Michael Gallagher had not responded
to The Land's request for comment when this went to press.

n See Opinion p24.

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2012 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              134 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 31, 2014 Wednesday

Arizona: Social Services

LENGTH: 325  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Coconino County has issued the following news release:

Coconino County Community Services Department has been the designated Community
Action Agency Program for over twenty (25) years and is a leading safety net
agency providing case management services integrated with financial assistance.
Through case management, Community Services provides coordination of services
through referrals which may include, but is not
limited to, financial empowerment classes, child support services, housing
rehabilitation and weatherization services.

Assistance is provided based on income eligibility and other criteria required
through the various programs for housing, utilities, and supportive services. We
can also connect people through referrals to a wide range of other social
service programs.

Eligibility and the level of assistance are primarily based on family size and
income at the time of service. We provide Social Services for residents in
Flagstaff, Page, Fredonia, Williams, and Tuba City.

Services include:

Utility assistance
    Utility deposits
    Utility related emergency home repairs (i.e., heater, hot water heaters)
    First month rental assistance
    Eviction prevention rent assistance
    Mortgage foreclosure assistance
    Telephone assistance for medically needy households
    Limited bus passes for job search and medical appointments (documentation is
required)
    Food box and clothing referrals
    Medical Prescriptions - for prescriptions not covered by insurance
    Financial Empowerment Classes

We would like to thank our Funding Partners:

Coconino County Board of Supervisors
    AZ Department of Economic Security
    AZ Community Action Association
    City of Flagstaff
    Arizona Public Service
    UniSource
    Emergency Food & Shelter Grant Program (EFSGP - FEMA)
    Owner-Occupied Housing Rehabilitation (OOHR)


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              135 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 26, 2014 Saturday

Ag secretary Vilsack announces drought aid in Farmersville

LENGTH: 566  words

DATELINE: Washington


American Planning Association has issued the following news releases:

Farmersville -- U.S. Secretary of Agriculture Tom Vilsack visited the Central
Valley on Friday to announce the federal government will provide emergency funds
for rural communities affected by drought, including dry water wells.

Before attending a meeting with local officials at the Farmersville Community
Center , he stopped by the Cameron Creek rural subdivision on the north edge of
town and chatted with homeowners whose wells are empty or in danger of going
dry.

"I think it's important to understand the human toll," said Vilsack, who wore
cowboy boots, dark slacks and white shirt and striped tie.

Carlen Overby , 60, told Vilsack that her well went dry July 4 , and she pointed
toward neighbors whose wells have also gone dry.

She told Vilsack she has running water in her home only because her neighbor let
her attach a garden hose to a faucet, and she uses the supply strictly to take
showers. She hauls in store-bought water for cooking and drinking; her outdoor
plants and lawn are dead or dying.

"When you get up in the morning and turn the faucet on, you wonder if the water
is going to come out," she said with tears in her eyes.

The situation is so stressful that she's become "obsessive" about water, and her
husband got a second job so they can pay to fix the well problem, she told
Vilsack from her gravel driveway.

Vilsack said the Department of Agriculture has shifted money to fund a USDA
Redevelopment program that aids rural community water systems.

Although the money does not go to individual homeowners, it will result in water
supplies for rural residents such as Overby, he said.

A reliable water supply for Overby means her property value won't collapse due
to a lack of water in the well, he noted.

A total of $9.7 million has been awarded to communities in 11 California
counties needing water assistance in the drought, the Department of Agriculture
said.

About 73,000 people would be helped.

Of 25 communities getting Emergency Community Water Assistance grants, 14 are in
the San Joaquin Valley .

If the drought continues and climate change wreaks havoc on water supplies, more
government money will be needed to fund projects that bring water to
communities, Vilsack said.

"Candidly, we need action from Congress ," he said.

Tulare County Supervisor Allen Ishida , whose district includes Farmersville ,
said Vilsack made a good impression in his meeting with local officials.

"He took the initiative to move money," he said. "A lot of political appointees
wouldn't be so bold."

Farmersville is getting the maximum grant of $500,000 .

The city will use the money, plus state funding, to connect Overby's
neighborhood to the city's water mains, but the water line extension is a year
from completion, Vice Mayor Greg Gomez said.

Meanwhile, the remaining residents of Cameron Creek are praying their wells
don't go dry.

Bob Sams , 69, a retired truck driver, said his well is producing -- for now.

"Within a month or two, I'm going to be out," he said. "We need the water and we
need to get it as quickly as we can."

The reporter can be reached at (559) 441-6104, lgriswold@fresnobee.com or
@fb_LewGriswold on Twitter.

___

(c)2014 The Fresno Bee (Fresno, Calif.)

Visit The Fresno Bee (Fresno, Calif.) at www.fresnobee.com

Distributed by MCT Information Services


For more information please visit: http://www.planning.org

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              136 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 26, 2014 Saturday

Ag secretary Vilsack announces drought aid in Farmersville

LENGTH: 566  words

DATELINE: Washington


American Planning Association has issued the following news releases:

Farmersville -- U.S. Secretary of Agriculture Tom Vilsack visited the Central
Valley on Friday to announce the federal government will provide emergency funds
for rural communities affected by drought, including dry water wells.

Before attending a meeting with local officials at the Farmersville Community
Center , he stopped by the Cameron Creek rural subdivision on the north edge of
town and chatted with homeowners whose wells are empty or in danger of going
dry.

"I think it's important to understand the human toll," said Vilsack, who wore
cowboy boots, dark slacks and white shirt and striped tie.

Carlen Overby , 60, told Vilsack that her well went dry July 4 , and she pointed
toward neighbors whose wells have also gone dry.

She told Vilsack she has running water in her home only because her neighbor let
her attach a garden hose to a faucet, and she uses the supply strictly to take
showers. She hauls in store-bought water for cooking and drinking; her outdoor
plants and lawn are dead or dying.

"When you get up in the morning and turn the faucet on, you wonder if the water
is going to come out," she said with tears in her eyes.

The situation is so stressful that she's become "obsessive" about water, and her
husband got a second job so they can pay to fix the well problem, she told
Vilsack from her gravel driveway.

Vilsack said the Department of Agriculture has shifted money to fund a USDA
Redevelopment program that aids rural community water systems.

Although the money does not go to individual homeowners, it will result in water
supplies for rural residents such as Overby, he said.

A reliable water supply for Overby means her property value won't collapse due
to a lack of water in the well, he noted.

A total of $9.7 million has been awarded to communities in 11 California
counties needing water assistance in the drought, the Department of Agriculture
said.

About 73,000 people would be helped.

Of 25 communities getting Emergency Community Water Assistance grants, 14 are in
the San Joaquin Valley .

If the drought continues and climate change wreaks havoc on water supplies, more
government money will be needed to fund projects that bring water to
communities, Vilsack said.

"Candidly, we need action from Congress ," he said.

Tulare County Supervisor Allen Ishida , whose district includes Farmersville ,
said Vilsack made a good impression in his meeting with local officials.

"He took the initiative to move money," he said. "A lot of political appointees
wouldn't be so bold."

Farmersville is getting the maximum grant of $500,000 .

The city will use the money, plus state funding, to connect Overby's
neighborhood to the city's water mains, but the water line extension is a year
from completion, Vice Mayor Greg Gomez said.

Meanwhile, the remaining residents of Cameron Creek are praying their wells
don't go dry.

Bob Sams , 69, a retired truck driver, said his well is producing -- for now.

"Within a month or two, I'm going to be out," he said. "We need the water and we
need to get it as quickly as we can."

The reporter can be reached at (559) 441-6104, lgriswold@fresnobee.com or
@fb_LewGriswold on Twitter.

___

(c)2014 The Fresno Bee (Fresno, Calif.)

Visit The Fresno Bee (Fresno, Calif.) at www.fresnobee.com

Distributed by MCT Information Services


For more information please visit: http://www.planning.org

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              137 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 14, 2015 Tuesday

New Mexico: UDALL, HEINRICH, LUJAN ANNOUNCE $3.5 MILLION TO RESTORE NAMBE FALLS
RESERVOIR, REIMBURSE FIREFIGHTING FOR TRES LAGUNAS FIRE

LENGTH: 560  words

DATELINE: Santa Fe


Office of Bin Ray Lujan has issued the following news release:


WASHINGTON - U.S. Senators Tom Udall and Martin Heinrich and U.S. Representative
Ben Ray Luján today announced that more than $3.5 million in Federal Emergency
Management Agency (FEMA) funding will be awarded to New Mexico to help San
Miguel and Santa Fe counties recover from severe fires and flooding.   Pojoaque
Valley Irrigation District will receive $1,028,174 for emergency repairs to the
Nambé Falls Reservoir to clear out debris and sediment that flowed into the
reservoir during severe storms and flooding in September 2014. The reservoir
provides water for irrigation purposes to nearby communities, which include the
pueblos of San Ildefonso, Nambé, and Pojoaque. This funding brings the total
amount FEMA has designated for recovery efforts from the September 2014 storms
and flooding to more than $2.6 million.

The New Mexico Energy, Minerals and Natural Resources Department will receive
$2,478,581 to reimburse  firefighting costs incurred while fighting the Tres
Lagunas Fire, which threatened hundreds of homes and burned thousands of acres
in San Miguel County in May and June of 2013. The funding is being awarded
through FEMA's Fire Management Assistance Grant Program, and covers expenses
including field camps; equipment use, repair and replacement; tools, materials
and supplies; and mobilization and demobilization activities.   "I'm pleased
that FEMA has provided these additional resources to help clean up the Nambé
Falls Reservoir and pay for critical firefighting resources that extinguished
the Tres Lagunas Fire and saved hundreds of homes," Udall said. "Fires, severe
storms and flooding take a significant toll on our communities, and I'll
continue to work to make sure that New Mexico has the resources needed to
prevent and fight these disasters, and also mitigate the impact they have on our
water resources." "This FEMA funding is critical to the cleanup efforts at Nambé
Falls Reservoir, which provides irrigation water to local farmers," Heinrich
said. "I'm also pleased federal aid will go toward reimbursing firefighting
costs from the Tres Lagunas Fire. I will continue working to ensure communities
across New Mexico affected by severe flooding and devastating fires receive the
assistance they need to rebuild and recover." "FEMA funds provide critical
support to our communities that have been hard hit by flood, fire, and other
disasters," Luján said. "These important federal funds will contribute to the
effort to restore Nambé Falls Reservoir and protect our water resources that are
critical to the livelihood of these communities, particularly during these times
of drought. This funding will also help provide our firefighters with the proper
resources and equipment as they prepare for the next fire season. I commend our
firefighters for their tremendous efforts battling the Tres Lagunas Fire, and I
will continue to advocate for the necessary funding to bolster their efforts."
The funding will be awarded directly to the state of New Mexico on behalf of
Pojoaque Valley Irrigation District and the New Mexico Energy, Minerals and
Natural Resources Department, and is expected to cover 75 percent of costs for
each project.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              138 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                             May 10, 2006 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Spruce-Up Remains On Track

BYLINE: JULIA FERRANTE, jferrante@tampatrib.com

SECTION: PASCO; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 697 words


PANEL ADDS $6 MILLION TO TOMMYTOWN PROJECT

By JULIA FERRANTE

jferrante@tampatrib.com

DADE CITY - A $22.4 million revitalization project in Tommytown, Pasco's largest
blighted area, will proceed, but county officials will have to hold off on
assistance for other improvement projects for at least the next three years.

County commissioners at a meeting Tuesday in Dade City unanimously agreed to
direct about $6 million in Community Development Block Grant funds collected
during the next several years to paving and revitalization in the northern
section of Tommytown. The money would be combined with a $13 million federal
grant and $3.2 million the county has reserved for the southern portion of the
project, Community Development Manager George Romagnoli said.

Work in the northern section is much more expensive because it includes
installation of water and sewer services, to be provided by Dade City, Romagnoli
said. Construction material costs have risen, increasing the projected price tag
from about $9.4 million in 2004 to $22.4 million now.

"This is our most important project in Pasco County," Romagnoli said.

Residents will be given assessments to help pay for the paving, but most will
qualify for reimbursement from the county, Romagnoli said.

Commissioner Ann Hildebrand said county leaders should fulfill their promises to
improve Tommytown. The district, whose residents are predominantly lower-income,
was designated a target area to provide infrastructure and housing improvements
in 1998. In 2002, the board expanded the target boundaries to include
unincorporated areas south of Lock Street.

"We made that commitment a long time ago, and we all went through the sticker
shock," she said.

Commissioner Ted Schrader, who represents Tommytown, thanked fellow
commissioners for their support.

"I know this is a tough one to swallow, that projects won't happen outside of
District 1," he said, referring to east Pasco.

Agencies that typically receive help from the community development division
will continue to receive assistance, Romagnoli said. Pasco's six municipalities
also will get their "fair share" of community development funds. The county will
not, however, accept grant applications for improvement projects such as private
school or nursing home building expansions.

Work in the south side of Tommytown is expected to begin within a few months and
continue for about a year, Romagnoli said. The north side will take longer -
about three years - as workers install water and sewer service from Dade City.
The project is expected to provide work for 700 to 800 workers. Local businesses
and workers will be given preference, according to the terms of the federal
loan.

Also Tuesday, commissioners:

o Declared a local state of emergency and approved a temporary ban on outdoor
burning in an effort to curtail brush fires.

Emergency Services Manager Anthony Lopinto said there were 78 brush fires,
including about 26 that started with authorized brush or debris burning, last
month.

o Approved an agreement with Grubbs Construction to settle its long court battle
over property rights at the Sun West Mine near Hudson. The county will give up
rights to 914 acres west of U.S. 19 in exchange for $3 million, plus 21.4 acres
to be combined with existing county parkland that the mine's former owners
previously conveyed.

The settlement, if approved by a federal bankruptcy court, will allow Grubbs to
sell the mine if it chooses and move forward with development plans. County
officials intend to use their property for boat launches and parking.

o Set a public hearing for June 13 to consider an ordinance allowing full-time
residents to seek tax reductions for in-law apartments constructed after Jan. 7,
2003.

Reductions would be available starting next year for "granny flats" constructed
and occupied continuously after that date. The tax breaks will be equal to the
increase in assessed value resulting from the construction of a granny flat or
20 percent of the total assessed value, whichever is less.

Reporter Julia Ferrante can be reached at (813) 948-4220.

Copyright © 2006, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2006 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                              139 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                              July 15, 2011 Friday
                                  NC3 Edition

Your news Schaumburg A.M. Rotary hosts awards breakfast

BYLINE: Submitted by Sharon Perry

SECTION: NEIGHBOR; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 407 words


The Rotary Club of Schaumburg A.M. donated more than $18,000 at its June 22
meeting to various organizations,that provide a broad range of services to
residents in the local and international community.

Funds were earned by club members through a variety of fundraising activities
during the 2010/11 Rotary year.

Local grants were awarded to: Alfred Campanelli YMCA; The Children's Advocacy
Center; Women in Need Growing Stronger; Clearbrook; Canine Companions for
Independence; Cub Scout Pack 394; Boy Scout Troop 193; St. Hubert Job &
Networking Ministry program; and Operation Warm for the benefit of the Marletta
Darnall Schaumburg Child + Family Center.

International grants were presented in support of: Polio eradication through The
Rotary Foundation's PolioPlus program; emergency shelter and disaster relief for
families around the world provided by ShelterBox; and hand-drilled water wells
in Niger, Africa, that provides a more convenient source of potable water making
a healthier and more productive life possible for residents and serving as a
catalyst for further community development.

The club also provided funding for local vocational scholarship assistance and
sponsored the participation of four area high school students at the Rotary
Youth Leadership Awards conference held annually at Camp Edwards in East Troy,
Wis.

Earlier this year Schaumburg's Winston Churchill Elementary School was the
recipient of a grant that was used to promote literacy and purchase a wide
variety of age-appropriate books for its students and guided reading materials
used in the classroom by its teachers.

Additional community outreach projects undertaken included the purchase and
delivery of approximately $3,000 worth of food, paper products and other
essentials to the Schaumburg Township Food Pantry, providing fall yard clean up
services for area senior citizens needing assistance and participation in this
year's Schaumburg/Hoffman Estates Memorial Day Observance.

Rotary is a worldwide network of inspired individuals who translate their
passions into relevant social causes that change lives in communities.
Membership in Schaumburg A.M. Rotary is open to service oriented residents and
workers in the area. The club meets weekly for breakfast on Wednesday mornings
from 7-8:30 a.m., at the Bridges of Poplar Creek Country Club in Hoffman
Estates. Visitschaumburgamrotary.org for information.

* Send Your news to nbrcalendar@dailyherald.com

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Courtesy of Sharon Perry Attending the Schaumburg A.M. Rotary Club
grant awards breakfast are, Susan Reedquist, Children's Advocacy Center, left
seated; Maureen Stabile, WINGS; Schaumburg A.M. Rotary President Karen
Maczka-Bishop; Karen Brierly, Cub Scout Pack 394; and Colleen Breheny, Canine
Companions for Independence. Standing, left, Rick Sarver, Boy Scout Troop 193;
Rich Lalley, Operation Warm; Jack Bishop, ShelterBox; Bob Podgorski, St. Hubert
Job & Networking Ministry; Nick Breheny, Canine Companions for Independence; and
Paul Jochim, Clearbrook.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              140 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          February 11, 2015 Wednesday

Governor Cuomo, Congresswoman Lowey Announce Plan to make $5 Million Federal
Community Development Investments Available to Westchester County Communities

LENGTH: 510  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the House of Representative Nita Lowey, U.S Government has issued the
following news release:

Governor Andrew M. Cuomo and Congresswoman Nita Lowey today announced that local
governments and non-profits in Westchester County will resume receiving
affordable housing, community development and emergency shelter grants from the
U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development. As a result of their efforts,
approximately $5 million in HUD funding will soon benefit local communities in
Westchester.

"This funding is an important resource for local governments and non-profit
organizations in Westchester County that provide everything from affordable
housing to public works improvements for their communities," Governor Cuomo
said. "Our administration is proud to be joining with Congresswoman Lowey to
make this funding available once again to the groups that need it most."

"The Governor and I have found a creative solution so that going forward, HUD
investments will once again be made in projects in Westchester," said Lowey.

HUD reallocated grants from three programs that should have gone to a consortium
of Westchester local governments and non-profits because the County was
ineligible to receive funding as a result of its non-compliance with a legal
settlement. The consortium disbanded at the end of 2014. Under the Governor and
Congresswoman's plan, communities that had previously been in the consortium
will now be able to competitively apply to the State for funds, and
approximately $5 million will be directed to projects in Westchester in 2015.

New York State Homes and Community Renewal will distribute approximately $3.3
million in Westchester County CDBG funds through a competitive application to
allow the funding to be distributed quickly and fairly to the most effective
initiatives proposed by local community nonprofit organizations and localities.
The funding will be made available only to initiatives located in the areas
formerly served by the Westchester County Consortium.

Activities eligible for this funding include housing improvements for
rehabilitation, homeownership, residential water/wastewater projects, structural
improvements to public facilities that will serve special-needs populations, and
infrastructural improvements to public water/wastewater systems and public works
such as sidewalks and streets. This funding will also create jobs through grants
and loans that will foster small business development.

More than $600,000 will be available from Emergency Shelter Grants, which can
fund the renovation of buildings used as emergency shelters or transitional
housing for homeless families as well as maintenance, operation, rent, repair,
security, food, and utilities. More than $900,000 will be available for the HOME
Investment Partnerships Program, which can fund a wide range of activities
including building, buying, and/or rehabilitating affordable housing for rent or
homeownership.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              141 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                           September 15, 2015 Tuesday

Sudan Emergency Water, Sanitation, Hygiene and Nutrition Save the Children
Canada 2015

LENGTH: 484  words


Status: Operational
Country/Region: Sudan: 100%
Maximum DFATD Contribution: $2,000,000
Description
Ongoing conflicts in Darfur, South Kordofan and Blue Nile States, as well as an
influx of refugees from South Sudan, have contributed to a significant
deterioration of the humanitarian situation in Sudan. Some 6.6 million people
are in need of humanitarian assistance, including 3.1 million internally
displaced people, 700,000 refugees and asylum seekers, 1.2 million malnourished
children under the age of five, and 1.6 million people who are food insecure.
Food security and malnutrition continue to be priority sectors for humanitarian
assistance, as well as health and sanitation needs.


With DFATD  s support, Save the Children Canada is providing emergency food,
water, sanitation and hygiene services to over 127,000 conflict-affected people
in North and South Kordofan, as well as Blue Nile State. Project activities
include: (1) rehabilitating three water yards benefitting 9,000 people,
improving five hand-dug wells, benefitting 2,000 people, and constructing eight
waste water collections points, benefitting 3,200 people; (2) providing training
to 56 community members to create eight water committees to manage water points;
(3) rehabilitating 40 latrines at nutrition and community centres and providing
250 sets of latrine and sanitary tools; (4) providing training and awareness on
infant and young child feeding through 100 nutrition education sessions,
targeting 6,820 mothers and caretakers in 20 communities as well as providing
therapeutic supplemental feeding to 5,070 people with moderate acute
malnutrition; and (5) providing agricultural inputs and cash grants to increase
access and availability of diversified food.
Sectors
Emergency assistance
Material relief assistance and services (072010): 100%
Expected Results
The expected outcomes for this project include: (1) increased access to safe
drinking water; (2) increased awareness of the importance of proper hygiene to
maintain and improve health; (3) increased access to sanitation facilities; (4)
increased access to livelihoods activities; and increased access to treatment to
address malnutrition.
The expected ultimate outcome is lives saved, suffering alleviated and human
dignity maintained in countries experiencing humanitarian crises or acute food
insecurity.
Project completion date : 2016-03-31 12:00:00
Major organization : SAVE THE CHILDREN CANADA

Address : 4141 Yonge Street, Suite 300

Toronto, ON M2P 2A8

Country :Canada
Email : info@savethechildren.ca

Url : http://www.savethechildren.ca/

Financier : Department of Foreign Affairs, Trade and Development (DFATD),

Financier address : Department of Foreign Affairs, Trade and Development (DFATD)
(Formerly CIDA)
125 Sussex Drive
Ottawa, ON
K1A 0G2
Canada
Tel: 1-800-267-8376, 613-944-4000
Fax: 613-996-9709
http://www.international.gc.ca

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2015 Tenders Info
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              142 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 10, 2015 Tuesday

New York: Governor Cuomo, Congresswoman Lowey Announce Plan to Make $5 Million
Federal Community Development Investments Available to Westchester County
Communities

LENGTH: 506  words

DATELINE: Albany


Office of The Governor, The State of New York has issued the following news
release:

Governor Andrew M. Cuomo and Congresswoman Nita Lowey today announced that local
governments and non-profits in Westchester County will resume receiving
affordable housing, community development and emergency shelter grants from the
U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development. As a result of their efforts,
approximately $5 million in HUD funding will soon benefit local communities in
Westchester.

"This funding is an important resource for local governments and non-profit
organizations in Westchester County that provide everything from affordable
housing to public works improvements for their communities," Governor Cuomo
said. "Our administration is proud to be joining with Congresswoman Lowey to
make this funding available once again to the groups that need it most."

"The Governor and I have found a creative solution so that going forward, HUD
investments will once again be made in projects in Westchester," said Lowey.

HUD reallocated grants from three programs that should have gone to a consortium
of Westchester local governments and non-profits because the County was
ineligible to receive funding as a result of its non-compliance with a legal
settlement. The consortium disbanded at the end of 2014. Under the Governor and
Congresswoman's plan, communities that had previously been in the consortium
will now be able to competitively apply to the State for funds, and
approximately $5 million will be directed to projects in Westchester in 2015.

New York State Homes and Community Renewal will distribute approximately $3.3
million in Westchester County CDBG funds through a competitive application to
allow the funding to be distributed quickly and fairly to the most effective
initiatives proposed by local community nonprofit organizations and localities.
The funding will be made available only to initiatives located in the areas
formerly served by the Westchester County Consortium.

Activities eligible for this funding include housing improvements for
rehabilitation, homeownership, residential water/wastewater projects, structural
improvements to public facilities that will serve special-needs populations, and
infrastructural improvements to public water/wastewater systems and public works
such as sidewalks and streets. This funding will also create jobs through grants
and loans that will foster small business development.

More than $600,000 will be available from Emergency Shelter Grants, which can
fund the renovation of buildings used as emergency shelters or transitional
housing for homeless families as well as maintenance, operation, rent, repair,
security, food, and utilities. More than $900,000 will be available for the HOME
Investment Partnerships Program, which can fund a wide range of activities
including building, buying, and/or rehabilitating affordable housing for rent or
homeownership.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              143 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                     The Chronicle (Toowoomba, Queensland)

                            January 29, 2013 Tuesday

INBRieF

SECTION: Pg. 2

LENGTH: 413  words

Swift rescue

A SWIFT water rescue crew was dispatched to rescue a man on the roof of a house
near Warwick yesterday.

The man was reportedly stuck on a roof in floodwater on the Leyburn Cunningham
Rd at Old Talgai at 8am.

However, he was rescued by someone in a boat prior to the arrival of emergency
services.

SES kept busy

STATE Emergency Service volunteers were kept busy responding to calls for
assistance across Queensland.

About 2700 calls for help had been placed since midnight Sunday and volunteers
had completed about 1200.

Local crews responded to 230 requests from the south-west region.

The majority of incidents were leaking roofs, floodwaters encroaching on homes,
roof damage and trees down.

RESIDENTS of additional local government areas affected by ex-tropical cyclone
Oswald and associated rainfall and flooding can now access assistance from the
Queensland Government to aid in their recovery.

Communities Minister Tracy Davis said disaster relief arrangements had now been
activated for residents in the areas of Lockyer Valley Regional Council,
Somerset Regional Council, South Burnett Regional Council, Southern Downs
Regional Council, Toowoomba Regional Council and Western Downs Regional Council.

"Personal Hardship Assistance Scheme grants are now available to support those
families experiencing personal hardship, by covering the immediate, unexpected
basic costs of essential items such as food, clothing and accommodation due to
the extreme weather," Ms Davis said.

"A grant of up to $180 per person, up to a maximum of $900 for a family of five
or more, is available to eligible people experiencing genuine hardship."

People who are experiencing personal hardship due to the storm should contact
the Department of Communities on 1800173349 for support.

Water warning

QUEENSLAND Urban Utilities, in conjunction with Queensland Health, was advising
Laidley residents to boil their drinking water until further notice as a
precaution.

This action was required as a result of the current severe wet weather.

Queensland Urban Utilities advised that bottled water was available to Laidley
residents.

Water was available at the Laidley State High School in Alfred St.

Awards open

NOMINATIONS are now open for Toowoomba businesses, schools and organisations to
enter the 2013 Premier's Sustainability Awards.

Each sustainabilty award category winner will receive $2500 to support their
work and nominations close on March 15.

For more information phone (07) 3339 5873.

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TCH


                    Copyright 2013 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              144 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Western Magazine

                               November 14, 2015

BYLINE: HEATHER CROSBY

SECTION: DROUGHT

LENGTH: 432  words


DEPUTY Premier and Member for Dubbo Troy Grant stands by the support the NSW
government is providing to drought-affected communities.

"I have been on the ground in the north-west and have seen the very dry
conditions," Mr Grant said.

"The situation is heartbreaking but the government can't make it rain.

"Investment in water infrastructure is giving farmers as much access to ground
water as possible in dry times and will help to future proof properties once the
region comes out of drought.

"The NSW government has also put money aside to bring Bureau of Meteorology
technology closer to our area to help with more accurate weather reading."

Mr Grant referred the Daily Liberal to the Minister for Primary Industries Niall
Blair for a more accurate picture of drought assistance.

The minister's office said drought support measures included an emergency water
infrastructure rebate, farm household allowance, farm management deposits,
taxation measures, a national approach to farm business management and a
co-ordinated approach to social support services.

The NSW government was also supporting the new national drought program with a
$13 million funding package, including funding to continue the rural support
worker program, country town emergency water cartage, a farm innovation fund and
the rural financial counselling service.

At the end of October Minister Blair and Member for Barwon Kevin Humphries were
at Myall Station near Collarenebri when more than 14 truck loads of donated
fodder were distributed to drought-affected farmers from north-west NSW.

The fodder drop of 540 donated bales of hay was organised by Rural Aid's
not-for-profit Buy A Bale program, with the full cost of transport covered by
the NSW government under its transport assistance for donated fodder program.

The $300 million NSW Drought Strategy included $5 million over the next five
years for transport assistance for animal welfare and donated fodder from within
NSW.

Mr Blair said donated fodder provided welcome relief for farmers at Lightning
Ridge, Walgett, Collarenebri and Goodooga, who had been doing it tough with
limited rain in recent years resulting in the heartbreaking loss of crops and in
some cases almost total destocking.

"While we now have the NSW Drought Strategy in place, and are administering two
concessional loans measures on behalf of the Commonwealth, we are constantly
assessing whether adjustments need to be made to ensure they support our
farmers," Mr Blair said.

"I am in constant communication with the commonwealth minister for agriculture
about federal assistance measures in NSW."

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2015 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              145 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Tablelands Advertiser (Australia)

                              May 29, 2015 Friday
                               Tablelands Edition

Mareeba listed as drought-declared

BYLINE: Andrea Falvo

SECTION: LIFESTYLE; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 340  words


Mareeba Shire is one of four areas that has recently been added to Queensland's
list of drought declared areas.

More than 80 per cent of the state meets the criteria, which the largest area
officially recognised as being in drought, according to Minister for Agriculture
and Fisheries Bill Byrne.

Mr Byrne said the portion of Mareeba Shire Council that was drought declared,
had not been drought declared since 1979.

Effective from May 1, areas including west of the Mulligan Highway, the
Hurricane, Kondaparinga and Mt Mulligan roads to Dimbulah, the Burke Development
Road to Petford, and the Petford-Herberton road to the shire boundary, were
drought declared by the State Government.

Mareeba Shire Councillor Alan Pedersen said several drought assistance
government grants were available to struggling families.

Funding provided through the Drought Relief Assistance Scheme (DRAS) includes
freight subsidies and the Emergency Water Infrastructure Rebate, plus an extra
$13 million in Australian Government top ups to the Emergency Water
Infrastructure Rebate.

The Queensland Government has waived water-licensing fees and discounted water
supply electricity charges, while providing land rent rebates, funding for
social support, community events and mental health and wellbeing services
through the Royal Flying Doctor Service.

Mr Byrne said the Bureau of Meteorology reported the tropical Pacific was in the
early stages of El NiÃ±o, meaning prospects for drought-breaking winter rain and
spring rains were not good.

"Adding Burke, Carpentaria, Doomadgee and parts of Mareeba to the list of
drought declared regions means farmers are now eligible to access the Drought
Relief Assistance Scheme," he said.

"The funding arrangements will remain in place through to 2018 and will be
reviewed as necessary."Producers seeking DRAS assistance, including the
Emergency Water Infrastructure Rebate, can contact the Department of Agriculture
and Fisheries on 13 25 23 or access to DRAS claim forms and IDP applications can
be found at www.daff.qld.gov.au

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Tablelands Advertiser


                   Copyright 2015 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              146 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 9, 2015 Thursday

Udall, Heinrich, Luján Announce $3.5 Million to Restore Nambé Falls Reservoir,
Reimburse Firefighting for Tres Lagunas Fire

LENGTH: 561  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Martin Heinrich, U.S Government has issued the following
news release:

U.S. Senators Tom Udall and Martin Heinrich and U.S. Representative Ben Ray
Luján today announced that more than $3.5 million in Federal Emergency
Management Agency (FEMA) funding will be awarded to New Mexico to help San
Miguel and Santa Fe counties recover from severe fires and flooding.

Pojoaque Valley Irrigation District will receive $1,028,174 for emergency
repairs to the Nambé Falls Reservoir to clear out debris and sediment that
flowed into the reservoir during severe storms and flooding in September 2014.
The reservoir provides water for irrigation purposes to nearby communities,
which include the pueblos of San Ildefonso, Nambé, and Pojoaque. This funding
brings the total amount FEMA has designated for recovery efforts from the
September 2014 storms and flooding to more than $2.6 million.

The New Mexico Energy, Minerals and Natural Resources Department will receive
$2,478,581 to reimburse  firefighting costs incurred while fighting the Tres
Lagunas Fire, which threatened hundreds of homes and burned thousands of acres
in San Miguel County in May and June of 2013. The funding is being awarded
through FEMA's Fire Management Assistance Grant Program, and covers expenses
including field camps; equipment use, repair and replacement; tools, materials
and supplies; and mobilization and demobilization activities.

"I'm pleased that FEMA has provided these additional resources to help clean up
the Nambé Falls Reservoir and pay for critical firefighting resources that
extinguished the Tres Lagunas Fire and saved hundreds of homes," Udall said.
"Fires, severe storms and flooding take a significant toll on our communities,
and I'll continue to work to make sure that New Mexico has the resources needed
to prevent and fight these disasters, and also mitigate the impact they have on
our water resources."

"This FEMA funding is critical to the cleanup efforts at Nambé Falls Reservoir,
which provides irrigation water to local farmers," Heinrich said. "I'm also
pleased federal aid will go toward reimbursing firefighting costs from the Tres
Lagunas Fire. I will continue working to ensure communities across New Mexico
affected by severe flooding and devastating fires receive the assistance they
need to rebuild and recover."

"FEMA funds provide critical support to our communities that have been hard hit
by flood, fire, and other disasters," Luján said. "These important federal funds
will contribute to the effort to restore Nambé Falls Reservoir and protect our
water resources that are critical to the livelihood of these communities,
particularly during these times of drought. This funding will also help provide
our firefighters with the proper resources and equipment as they prepare for the
next fire season. I commend our firefighters for their tremendous efforts
battling the Tres Lagunas Fire, and I will continue to advocate for the
necessary funding to bolster their efforts."

The funding will be awarded directly to the state of New Mexico on behalf of
Pojoaque Valley Irrigation District and the New Mexico Energy, Minerals and
Natural Resources Department, and is expected to cover 75 percent of costs for
each project.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              147 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 9, 2015 Thursday

Udall, Heinrich, Luján Announce $3.5 Million to Restore Nambé Falls Reservoir,
Reimburse Firefighting for Tres Lagunas Fire

LENGTH: 561  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Martin Heinrich, U.S Government has issued the following
news release:

U.S. Senators Tom Udall and Martin Heinrich and U.S. Representative Ben Ray
Luján today announced that more than $3.5 million in Federal Emergency
Management Agency (FEMA) funding will be awarded to New Mexico to help San
Miguel and Santa Fe counties recover from severe fires and flooding.

Pojoaque Valley Irrigation District will receive $1,028,174 for emergency
repairs to the Nambé Falls Reservoir to clear out debris and sediment that
flowed into the reservoir during severe storms and flooding in September 2014.
The reservoir provides water for irrigation purposes to nearby communities,
which include the pueblos of San Ildefonso, Nambé, and Pojoaque. This funding
brings the total amount FEMA has designated for recovery efforts from the
September 2014 storms and flooding to more than $2.6 million.

The New Mexico Energy, Minerals and Natural Resources Department will receive
$2,478,581 to reimburse  firefighting costs incurred while fighting the Tres
Lagunas Fire, which threatened hundreds of homes and burned thousands of acres
in San Miguel County in May and June of 2013. The funding is being awarded
through FEMA's Fire Management Assistance Grant Program, and covers expenses
including field camps; equipment use, repair and replacement; tools, materials
and supplies; and mobilization and demobilization activities.

"I'm pleased that FEMA has provided these additional resources to help clean up
the Nambé Falls Reservoir and pay for critical firefighting resources that
extinguished the Tres Lagunas Fire and saved hundreds of homes," Udall said.
"Fires, severe storms and flooding take a significant toll on our communities,
and I'll continue to work to make sure that New Mexico has the resources needed
to prevent and fight these disasters, and also mitigate the impact they have on
our water resources."

"This FEMA funding is critical to the cleanup efforts at Nambé Falls Reservoir,
which provides irrigation water to local farmers," Heinrich said. "I'm also
pleased federal aid will go toward reimbursing firefighting costs from the Tres
Lagunas Fire. I will continue working to ensure communities across New Mexico
affected by severe flooding and devastating fires receive the assistance they
need to rebuild and recover."

"FEMA funds provide critical support to our communities that have been hard hit
by flood, fire, and other disasters," Luján said. "These important federal funds
will contribute to the effort to restore Nambé Falls Reservoir and protect our
water resources that are critical to the livelihood of these communities,
particularly during these times of drought. This funding will also help provide
our firefighters with the proper resources and equipment as they prepare for the
next fire season. I commend our firefighters for their tremendous efforts
battling the Tres Lagunas Fire, and I will continue to advocate for the
necessary funding to bolster their efforts."

The funding will be awarded directly to the state of New Mexico on behalf of
Pojoaque Valley Irrigation District and the New Mexico Energy, Minerals and
Natural Resources Department, and is expected to cover 75 percent of costs for
each project.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              148 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          February 11, 2015 Wednesday

Governor Cuomo, Congresswoman Lowey Announce Plan to make $5 Million Federal
Community Development Investments Available to Westchester County Communities

LENGTH: 510  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the House of Representative Nita Lowey, U.S Government has issued the
following news release:

Governor Andrew M. Cuomo and Congresswoman Nita Lowey today announced that local
governments and non-profits in Westchester County will resume receiving
affordable housing, community development and emergency shelter grants from the
U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development. As a result of their efforts,
approximately $5 million in HUD funding will soon benefit local communities in
Westchester.

"This funding is an important resource for local governments and non-profit
organizations in Westchester County that provide everything from affordable
housing to public works improvements for their communities," Governor Cuomo
said. "Our administration is proud to be joining with Congresswoman Lowey to
make this funding available once again to the groups that need it most."

"The Governor and I have found a creative solution so that going forward, HUD
investments will once again be made in projects in Westchester," said Lowey.

HUD reallocated grants from three programs that should have gone to a consortium
of Westchester local governments and non-profits because the County was
ineligible to receive funding as a result of its non-compliance with a legal
settlement. The consortium disbanded at the end of 2014. Under the Governor and
Congresswoman's plan, communities that had previously been in the consortium
will now be able to competitively apply to the State for funds, and
approximately $5 million will be directed to projects in Westchester in 2015.

New York State Homes and Community Renewal will distribute approximately $3.3
million in Westchester County CDBG funds through a competitive application to
allow the funding to be distributed quickly and fairly to the most effective
initiatives proposed by local community nonprofit organizations and localities.
The funding will be made available only to initiatives located in the areas
formerly served by the Westchester County Consortium.

Activities eligible for this funding include housing improvements for
rehabilitation, homeownership, residential water/wastewater projects, structural
improvements to public facilities that will serve special-needs populations, and
infrastructural improvements to public water/wastewater systems and public works
such as sidewalks and streets. This funding will also create jobs through grants
and loans that will foster small business development.

More than $600,000 will be available from Emergency Shelter Grants, which can
fund the renovation of buildings used as emergency shelters or transitional
housing for homeless families as well as maintenance, operation, rent, repair,
security, food, and utilities. More than $900,000 will be available for the HOME
Investment Partnerships Program, which can fund a wide range of activities
including building, buying, and/or rehabilitating affordable housing for rent or
homeownership.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              149 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                           Star News (Wilmington NC)

                          December 22, 2005, Thursday

AROUND THE REGION

SECTION: Local/State; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 504 words


Affordable housing meeting set

Wilmington's Community Development Division is preparing the city's annual
action plan for the Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) and HOME programs.
The plan will describe activities for the 2006-07 fiscal year.

City staff will present the city's affordable housing needs for those who make
less than 80 percent of the median income and will take comments from the public
as to how the needs should be met using CDBG and HOME funds.

The public meeting is from 9:15 a.m. to 11 a.m. Jan. 13 in the New Hanover Room
on the third floor of the downtown branch of the New Hanover County Library, 201
Chestnut St.

For more information, call Emilie Swearingen at 341-5809.


U.S. grants $ 1.33 billion for homeless

The U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development announced $ 1.33 billion in
grants for the homeless on Tuesday. The grants go to local programs that house
and serve homeless people, from emergency shelters and transitional housing
projects to permanent supportive housing programs, HUD said.

The funding is provided through Continuum of Care programs and emergency shelter
grants.

Six local Continuum of Care agencies received awards, as follows: Brunswick
Family Assistance, $ 42,080; Good Shepherd Ministries, $ 56,073; Volunteers of
America of the Carolinas, for units at Willow Pond, $ 86,997; First Fruit
Ministries, $ 120,716; Coastal Horizons Center, $ 79,017; and Wilmington Housing
Authority, $ 114,288.

The total is down slightly from $ 1.4 billion in last year's cycle, which was
announced on Jan. 25. But the number of programs receiving grants rose from more
than 4,400 to nearly 5,000 in the most recent round.

More than $ 379 million of the grants target individuals experiencing chronic
homelessness, long-term or repeated bouts of homelessness. The Bush
administration has set a goal of ending chronic homelessness, which would free
up resources to help those who become homeless only temporarily.


Menhaden trapped, experts suspect

Water tests taken after the death of hundreds of thousands of menhaden fish at
Wrightsville Beach this weekend came back negative for toxins, reinforcing
suspicion that the fish got trapped in a creek and suffocated.

Dead fish littered the island for miles Sunday, with the greatest concentration
at the town's northern tip. Tests indicated no presence of toxic algae and other
poisonous organisms in the water, said Ed Beck, regional supervisor for the N.C.
Division of Water Quality.

Experts also saw no signs of illness. They did not test for pollutants because
it would take a tremendous amount of any substance to cause the problem in water
as open as the ocean and the inlet, he said. Additionally, animals beside
menhaden would have been affected.

With so many of the dead fish around Mason Inlet, it appears they got trapped in
a tidal creek, died, then partially flushed out to sea.

"It's pretty clear that's where the problem occurred," he said.

- From staff reports


LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                            Copyright 2005 Star News


                              150 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            June 29, 2016 Wednesday

Minnesota: Karlstad Fire Department receives fire truck through DNR Rural Fire
Program

LENGTH: 619  words

DATELINE: New York



 Saint Paul: The Departmeant of Natural Resources, Minnesota has issued the
following news release:



 The Karlstad Fire Department in northwestern Minnesota now has a significant
upgrade to its fire fleet courtesy of the Department of Natural Resources'
Department of Defense Firefighter Property Program.





 The new acquisition is a heavy expanded mobility tactical truck with a
2,500-gallon capacity that can pump a thousand gallons per minute. The four axle
water tender is better for rough terrain wildland firefighting. The average cost
for a new truck of this type runs about $420,000 but through the DNR Rural Fire
Department program, the city will pay $4,500 for shipping plus the cost to paint
the truck.



 "This is a really good use of taxpayer money," said Karlstad Fire Chief Jeremy
Folland. "It's a rare find and will drive better on dirt or low maintenance
roads," said Folland, who has led the 32-member volunteer fire department since
2005.



 Folland said the truck is more efficient than the department's current
34-year-old water tender and will assist them in the delivery of fire services
over a 250 square mile fire district.



 Under the property program, DNR Forestry has the authority to get excess
military equipment and transfer the equipment to fire departments and emergency
service agencies.



 Adam Munstenteiger, DNR Warroad area forestry supervisor, views the truck as a
valuable asset to the region where other emergency services partners will
benefit as well.



 "This program and other DNR rural fire programs have strengthened the
partnership with the DNR and fire departments," said Munstenteiger. "These
partnerships increase the safety and efficiency of wildland firefighting."



 DNR Forestry Rural Fire Program assistance

 Aside from the property program, there are several DNR rural fire department
programs available to assist Minnesota fire departments by providing low-cost
equipment, cost-share grants, technical assistance and wildland fire training.



 The Wildland Fire Equipment Sales program, also known as "fire cache sales,"
provides wildland fire suppression equipment to Minnesota fire departments at a
low cost.



 "Our rural fire program delivers surplus equipment at low cost to communities
that might not otherwise afford it," said Tim Oland, DNR coordinator. "
Communities give us their wish lists and we scout surplus programs to suit their
needs."



 The Volunteer Fire Assistance Grant program is a cost-share program that
provides financial and technical assistance to Minnesota fire departments in
cities or communities with a population under 10,000. The primary objectives of
the program are saving lives and protecting property in rural areas.



 Priority is given to fire departments that have the greatest need and
participate in a community wildfire protection plan, or a county all hazard
mitigation plan.



 The Karlstad Fire Department recently completed their community wildlife
protection plan, which included three criteria--collaboration with local and
state governments, prioritized areas for fuel reduction treatments and
recommendations for measures that homeowners and communities can take to reduce
the ignitability of structures throughout the area in the plan.



 "We are excited about this truck and proud of the strong relationship we are
building with the area DNR office and rural fire program," said Todd Carlson, a
volunteer firefighter who helped develop the Karlstad community fire plan.
"Everyone we have worked with at the DNR has been great. We can't say enough
about the importance of this acquisition," Carlson said.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              151 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 28, 2016 Tuesday

Minnesota: Karlstad Fire Department receives fire truck through DNR Rural Fire
Program

LENGTH: 619  words

DATELINE: New York



 Saint Paul: The Departmeant of Natural Resources, Minnesota has issued the
following news release:



 The Karlstad Fire Department in northwestern Minnesota now has a significant
upgrade to its fire fleet courtesy of the Department of Natural Resources'
Department of Defense Firefighter Property Program.





 The new acquisition is a heavy expanded mobility tactical truck with a
2,500-gallon capacity that can pump a thousand gallons per minute. The four axle
water tender is better for rough terrain wildland firefighting. The average cost
for a new truck of this type runs about $420,000 but through the DNR Rural Fire
Department program, the city will pay $4,500 for shipping plus the cost to paint
the truck.



 "This is a really good use of taxpayer money," said Karlstad Fire Chief Jeremy
Folland. "It's a rare find and will drive better on dirt or low maintenance
roads," said Folland, who has led the 32-member volunteer fire department since
2005.



 Folland said the truck is more efficient than the department's current
34-year-old water tender and will assist them in the delivery of fire services
over a 250 square mile fire district.



 Under the property program, DNR Forestry has the authority to get excess
military equipment and transfer the equipment to fire departments and emergency
service agencies.



 Adam Munstenteiger, DNR Warroad area forestry supervisor, views the truck as a
valuable asset to the region where other emergency services partners will
benefit as well.



 "This program and other DNR rural fire programs have strengthened the
partnership with the DNR and fire departments," said Munstenteiger. "These
partnerships increase the safety and efficiency of wildland firefighting."



 DNR Forestry Rural Fire Program assistance

 Aside from the property program, there are several DNR rural fire department
programs available to assist Minnesota fire departments by providing low-cost
equipment, cost-share grants, technical assistance and wildland fire training.



 The Wildland Fire Equipment Sales program, also known as "fire cache sales,"
provides wildland fire suppression equipment to Minnesota fire departments at a
low cost.



 "Our rural fire program delivers surplus equipment at low cost to communities
that might not otherwise afford it," said Tim Oland, DNR coordinator. "
Communities give us their wish lists and we scout surplus programs to suit their
needs."



 The Volunteer Fire Assistance Grant program is a cost-share program that
provides financial and technical assistance to Minnesota fire departments in
cities or communities with a population under 10,000. The primary objectives of
the program are saving lives and protecting property in rural areas.



 Priority is given to fire departments that have the greatest need and
participate in a community wildfire protection plan, or a county all hazard
mitigation plan.



 The Karlstad Fire Department recently completed their community wildlife
protection plan, which included three criteria--collaboration with local and
state governments, prioritized areas for fuel reduction treatments and
recommendations for measures that homeowners and communities can take to reduce
the ignitability of structures throughout the area in the plan.



 "We are excited about this truck and proud of the strong relationship we are
building with the area DNR office and rural fire program," said Todd Carlson, a
volunteer firefighter who helped develop the Karlstad community fire plan.
"Everyone we have worked with at the DNR has been great. We can't say enough
about the importance of this acquisition," Carlson said.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              152 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 27, 2016 Monday

Minnesota: Karlstad Fire Department receives fire truck through DNR Rural Fire
Program

LENGTH: 619  words

DATELINE: New York



 Saint Paul: The Departmeant of Natural Resources, Minnesota has issued the
following news release:



 The Karlstad Fire Department in northwestern Minnesota now has a significant
upgrade to its fire fleet courtesy of the Department of Natural Resources'
Department of Defense Firefighter Property Program.





 The new acquisition is a heavy expanded mobility tactical truck with a
2,500-gallon capacity that can pump a thousand gallons per minute. The four axle
water tender is better for rough terrain wildland firefighting. The average cost
for a new truck of this type runs about $420,000 but through the DNR Rural Fire
Department program, the city will pay $4,500 for shipping plus the cost to paint
the truck.



 "This is a really good use of taxpayer money," said Karlstad Fire Chief Jeremy
Folland. "It's a rare find and will drive better on dirt or low maintenance
roads," said Folland, who has led the 32-member volunteer fire department since
2005.



 Folland said the truck is more efficient than the department's current
34-year-old water tender and will assist them in the delivery of fire services
over a 250 square mile fire district.



 Under the property program, DNR Forestry has the authority to get excess
military equipment and transfer the equipment to fire departments and emergency
service agencies.



 Adam Munstenteiger, DNR Warroad area forestry supervisor, views the truck as a
valuable asset to the region where other emergency services partners will
benefit as well.



 "This program and other DNR rural fire programs have strengthened the
partnership with the DNR and fire departments," said Munstenteiger. "These
partnerships increase the safety and efficiency of wildland firefighting."



 DNR Forestry Rural Fire Program assistance

 Aside from the property program, there are several DNR rural fire department
programs available to assist Minnesota fire departments by providing low-cost
equipment, cost-share grants, technical assistance and wildland fire training.



 The Wildland Fire Equipment Sales program, also known as "fire cache sales,"
provides wildland fire suppression equipment to Minnesota fire departments at a
low cost.



 "Our rural fire program delivers surplus equipment at low cost to communities
that might not otherwise afford it," said Tim Oland, DNR coordinator. "
Communities give us their wish lists and we scout surplus programs to suit their
needs."



 The Volunteer Fire Assistance Grant program is a cost-share program that
provides financial and technical assistance to Minnesota fire departments in
cities or communities with a population under 10,000. The primary objectives of
the program are saving lives and protecting property in rural areas.



 Priority is given to fire departments that have the greatest need and
participate in a community wildfire protection plan, or a county all hazard
mitigation plan.



 The Karlstad Fire Department recently completed their community wildlife
protection plan, which included three criteria--collaboration with local and
state governments, prioritized areas for fuel reduction treatments and
recommendations for measures that homeowners and communities can take to reduce
the ignitability of structures throughout the area in the plan.



 "We are excited about this truck and proud of the strong relationship we are
building with the area DNR office and rural fire program," said Todd Carlson, a
volunteer firefighter who helped develop the Karlstad community fire plan.
"Everyone we have worked with at the DNR has been great. We can't say enough
about the importance of this acquisition," Carlson said.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              153 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 30, 2013 Tuesday

Menendez, Chiesa Announce $1.2 Million in Federal Sandy Relief for the City of
Newark

LENGTH: 331  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Robert Menendez, U.S Government has issued the following
news release:

U.S. Senators Robert Menendez (D-NJ) and Jeff Chiesa (R-NJ) today announced
$1,227,394.66 in federal Sandy relief grants to the City of Newark. The funding
is provided by the Federal Emergency Management Agency's (FEMA) Public
Assistance grant program.

"Superstorm Sandy tested communities throughout New Jersey, including the
state's largest city, like never before ," said Senator Menendez, who helped
lead the New Jersey delegation in the fight for federal Sandy relief.  "This
funding will help the City of Newark recoup some of the costs associated with
the initial emergency response to the storm. Reimbursements such as this are
critical to our long term recovery, and I will continue fighting for the federal
Sandy relief."

"These dollars will go toward helping Newark's communities and agencies continue
essential operations during the ongoing recovery from Superstorm Sandy. I
commend FEMA for their continued attention to the New Jersey recovery and will
work to provide our cities and towns with the resources they desperately need,"
said Senator Chiesa.

The federal Sandy relief funding announced today covers costs associated with
emergency protective measures to perform search and rescue operations,
evacuations and to secure temporary facilities for facilities destroyed or
damaged as a result of the storm.

In January, President Barack Obama signed the Superstorm Sandy Supplemental
Appropriations bill into law, bringing the total Sandy aid enacted by Congress
to $60.2 billion.  The funding package included federal aid to help homeowners,
businesses, and communities recover, and resources to rebuild coastal,
transportation, and water infrastructure.

Public Assistance grants are awarded by FEMA on a rolling basis after receiving
applications from the state, which coordinates the process with local
governments.

For further information please visit: http://www.menendez.senate.gov

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              154 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 14, 2014 Friday

Sens. Menendez, Booker Announce More than $14M FEMA Grants to Aid NJ's Sandy
Recovery

LENGTH: 414  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Robert Menendez, U.S Government has issued the following
news release:

U.S. Senators Robert Menendez and Cory Booker today announced the awarding of a
combined $14,440,139 in federal Sandy relief grants through the Federal
Emergency Management Agency's (FEMA) Public Assistance grant program for
administrative and cleanup cost in the wake of Superstorm Sandy.

"These grant awards help keep our state on its path to full recovery from
Superstorm Sandy," said Sen. Menendez. "Two years after Sandy, much work is
still left to do to rebuild and make our state more resilient. This vital
federal funding helps relieve the burden felt in hard-hit communities as New
Jersey rebounds better and stronger than before the storm."

"Over two years after Sandy hit New Jersey, municipalities and utilities are
still in desperate need of federal resources," said Sen. Booker. "Sen. Menendez
and I recently visited communities destroyed by the storm and saw firsthand how
important it is for families and communities to receive federal support. I will
continue to work hard to make sure these resources are available to all those in
need and hope that the funding announced today continues to demonstrates the
long term commitment to New Jersey communities on the road to recovery."

The specific grant awards follow:

$10,326,209       New Jersey Office of Emergency Management
    To reimburse for management costs--salaries, overtime, consultant, supplies,
equipment, etc.--incurred to implement and administer hazard mitigation efforts
following Superstorm Sandy.

$1,708,388         Margate City
    For the use of contracts for the repair to the Margate City Hall Building
damaged as a result of Superstorm Sandy

$1,313,700         Somerset County Acquisitions
    To fund the acquisition and demolition of 102 flood-prone properties in
Manville Borough

$1,091,842         Hudson Sewage Authoritty
    For the use of contractors for the cleaning of the Observer Highway trunk
line damaged as a result of Superstorm Sandy

The President signed the Superstorm Sandy Supplemental Appropriations bill into
law last year, bringing the total Sandy aid enacted by Congress to $60.2
billion. The funding package included federal aid to help homeowners,
businesses, and communities recover, and resources to rebuild coastal,
transportation, and water infrastructure.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              155 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 9, 2015 Thursday

Udall, Heinrich, Lujan Announce $3.5 Million to Restore Nambe Falls Reservoir,
Reimburse Firefighting for Tres Lagunas Fire

LENGTH: 562  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of House of Representative Ben Ray Lujan, U.S Government has issued the
following news release:


U.S. Senators Tom Udall and Martin Heinrich and U.S. Representative Ben Ray
Luján today announced that more than $3.5 million in Federal Emergency
Management Agency (FEMA) funding will be awarded to New Mexico to help San
Miguel and Santa Fe counties recover from severe fires and flooding.



Pojoaque Valley Irrigation District will receive $1,028,174 for emergency
repairs to the Nambé Falls Reservoir to clear out debris and sediment that
flowed into the reservoir during severe storms and flooding in September 2014.
The reservoir provides water for irrigation purposes to nearby communities,
which include the pueblos of San Ildefonso, Nambé, and Pojoaque. This funding
brings the total amount FEMA has designated for recovery efforts from the
September 2014 storms and flooding to more than $2.6 million.

The New Mexico Energy, Minerals and Natural Resources Department will receive
$2,478,581 to reimburse  firefighting costs incurred while fighting the Tres
Lagunas Fire, which threatened hundreds of homes and burned thousands of acres
in San Miguel County in May and June of 2013. The funding is being awarded
through FEMA's Fire Management Assistance Grant Program, and covers expenses
including field camps; equipment use, repair and replacement; tools, materials
and supplies; and mobilization and demobilization activities.

"I'm pleased that FEMA has provided these additional resources to help clean up
the Nambé Falls Reservoir and pay for critical firefighting resources that
extinguished the Tres Lagunas Fire and saved hundreds of homes," Udall said.
"Fires, severe storms and flooding take a significant toll on our communities,
and I'll continue to work to make sure that New Mexico has the resources needed
to prevent and fight these disasters, and also mitigate the impact they have on
our water resources."

"This FEMA funding is critical to the cleanup efforts at Nambé Falls Reservoir,
which provides irrigation water to local farmers," Heinrich said. "I'm also
pleased federal aid will go toward reimbursing firefighting costs from the Tres
Lagunas Fire. I will continue working to ensure communities across New Mexico
affected by severe flooding and devastating fires receive the assistance they
need to rebuild and recover."

"FEMA funds provide critical support to our communities that have been hard hit
by flood, fire, and other disasters," Luján said. "These important federal funds
will contribute to the effort to restore Nambé Falls Reservoir and protect our
water resources that are critical to the livelihood of these communities,
particularly during these times of drought. This funding will also help provide
our firefighters with the proper resources and equipment as they prepare for the
next fire season. I commend our firefighters for their tremendous efforts
battling the Tres Lagunas Fire, and I will continue to advocate for the
necessary funding to bolster their efforts."

The funding will be awarded directly to the state of New Mexico on behalf of
Pojoaque Valley Irrigation District and the New Mexico Energy, Minerals and
Natural Resources Department, and is expected to cover 75 percent of costs for
each project.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              156 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 9, 2015 Thursday

Udall, Heinrich, Lujan Announce $3.5 Million to Restore Nambe Falls Reservoir,
Reimburse Firefighting for Tres Lagunas Fire

LENGTH: 562  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of House of Representative Ben Ray Lujan, U.S Government has issued the
following news release:


U.S. Senators Tom Udall and Martin Heinrich and U.S. Representative Ben Ray
Luján today announced that more than $3.5 million in Federal Emergency
Management Agency (FEMA) funding will be awarded to New Mexico to help San
Miguel and Santa Fe counties recover from severe fires and flooding.



Pojoaque Valley Irrigation District will receive $1,028,174 for emergency
repairs to the Nambé Falls Reservoir to clear out debris and sediment that
flowed into the reservoir during severe storms and flooding in September 2014.
The reservoir provides water for irrigation purposes to nearby communities,
which include the pueblos of San Ildefonso, Nambé, and Pojoaque. This funding
brings the total amount FEMA has designated for recovery efforts from the
September 2014 storms and flooding to more than $2.6 million.

The New Mexico Energy, Minerals and Natural Resources Department will receive
$2,478,581 to reimburse  firefighting costs incurred while fighting the Tres
Lagunas Fire, which threatened hundreds of homes and burned thousands of acres
in San Miguel County in May and June of 2013. The funding is being awarded
through FEMA's Fire Management Assistance Grant Program, and covers expenses
including field camps; equipment use, repair and replacement; tools, materials
and supplies; and mobilization and demobilization activities.

"I'm pleased that FEMA has provided these additional resources to help clean up
the Nambé Falls Reservoir and pay for critical firefighting resources that
extinguished the Tres Lagunas Fire and saved hundreds of homes," Udall said.
"Fires, severe storms and flooding take a significant toll on our communities,
and I'll continue to work to make sure that New Mexico has the resources needed
to prevent and fight these disasters, and also mitigate the impact they have on
our water resources."

"This FEMA funding is critical to the cleanup efforts at Nambé Falls Reservoir,
which provides irrigation water to local farmers," Heinrich said. "I'm also
pleased federal aid will go toward reimbursing firefighting costs from the Tres
Lagunas Fire. I will continue working to ensure communities across New Mexico
affected by severe flooding and devastating fires receive the assistance they
need to rebuild and recover."

"FEMA funds provide critical support to our communities that have been hard hit
by flood, fire, and other disasters," Luján said. "These important federal funds
will contribute to the effort to restore Nambé Falls Reservoir and protect our
water resources that are critical to the livelihood of these communities,
particularly during these times of drought. This funding will also help provide
our firefighters with the proper resources and equipment as they prepare for the
next fire season. I commend our firefighters for their tremendous efforts
battling the Tres Lagunas Fire, and I will continue to advocate for the
necessary funding to bolster their efforts."

The funding will be awarded directly to the state of New Mexico on behalf of
Pojoaque Valley Irrigation District and the New Mexico Energy, Minerals and
Natural Resources Department, and is expected to cover 75 percent of costs for
each project.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              157 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                             March 21, 2005 Monday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

BANK DIGS DEEP AFTER FLOOD HELL

BYLINE: BY WARREN WOODBERRY JR. DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITER

SECTION: SUBURBAN; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 306 words


COMMERCE BANK will donate $25,000 to victims of the water-main break that
flooded dozens of homes in Astoria last month, bank officials announced.

Fifty Astoria homeowners will receive $500 each.

The grants were made possible, officials said, with the assistance of City
Councilman Peter Vallone Jr. (D-Astoria), his father, former Council Speaker
Peter Vallone Sr., and the Astoria Civic Association.

"This money from Commerce Bank will be an immediate help and it will assist
victims in beginning the long rebuilding process," Vallone said.

The 20-inch main ruptured on the night of Feb. 16 as contractors worked on a
feeder line for a new home at 70th St. and Ditmars Blvd. The city ultimately
took the blame for the mishap.

"In times of emergencies such as the flooding in Astoria, Commerce Bank's
community service focus becomes even more important," said Commerce Bank
Regional Vice President Peter Myer. "We understand that when peoples' lives are
unexpectedly disrupted, prompt, effective assistance is vital."

In addition to the grants, Councilman Vallone also has arranged through Commerce
Bank interest-only nonsecured loans for all victims.

He has called for a full investigation and is requesting an independent
investigation by the City Council.

Vallone also has called on the state to allow the city to install lights and
sirens on Department of Environmental Protection vehicles. He noted that on the
night of the water-main break, it took 50 minutes for DEP emergency officials to
drive the six miles from Ridgewood to Astoria.

About 1 million gallons of water escaped before emergency crews were able to
close the broken main.

To receive the Commerce grants, victims are encouraged to contact Vallone's
office at (718) 274-4500 for a flood-victim verification form and instructions
on how to complete it.

wwoodberry@nydailynews.com

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2005 Daily News, L.P.


                              158 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Wellington Times

                               February 13, 2014

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 642  words


Deputy Premier Andrew Stoner and Minister for Primary Industries Katrina
Hodgkinson have announced additional assistance measures for drought-stricken
farmers in NSW.

The measures include the expansion of a temporary package of emergency
in-drought support measures to an additional 20 local government areas (LGAs)
and the far west Unincorporated Area in NSW.

In November 2013 the NSW government announced a $7.6 million emergency
assistance package for the Bourke, Brewarrina and Walgett LGAs and their
announcement increases the amount allocated to the support package to $14.6
million.

The temporary emergency assistance package will be expanded to include the LGAs
of: Armidale; Bogan; Central Darling; Cobar; Coonamble; Gilgandra; Glen Innes;
Gunnedah; Guyra; Gwydir; Inverell; Moree Plains; Narrabri; Tamworth Regional;
Tenterfield; Uralla; Walcha; Warren; and Warrumbungle, as well as Broken Hill
and the far west Unincorporated Area.

Ms Hodgkinson and Mr Stoner said the measures, which were back-dated to January
1 2014 for all the LGAs - with the exception of the Transport Assistance
Reimbursement for Bourke, Brewarrina and Walgett LGAs which was back-dated to
July 1 2013, include:

o up to $20,000 per producer in the form of a Transport Assistance
Reimbursement;

o up to $30,000 per producer for Emergency Water Infrastructure Grants; and

o the waiving of Western Lands Lease payments, Local Land Services rates and
Wild Dog Destruction Board rates for a 12-month period, where applicable.

Mr Stoner said the NSW government's temporary measures were funded through to
June 30 2014, and called on the Commonwealth government to urgently release
details of its proposed assistance package.

'The NSW Liberal and Nationals government has taken the extra steps to ensure
drought-affected communities and primary producers receive vital support,' Mr
Stoner said.

'While the NSW government has expanded its assistance measures, there is a clear
need for the Commonwealth to now put forward a comprehensive package to assist
primary producers to respond to this drought.

'Despite our landholders being drought-prepared and on the front foot when it
comes to maximising their properties' water storage, this extreme weather has
delivered a real blow to their way of life.

'This comprehensive package will ensure these landholders and communities are
assisted now while they deal with this crisis.'

The expanded emergency assistance measures are in addition to assistance the NSW
government has made available to all landholders in NSW, which includes:

o Transport Subsidies for Animal Welfare, focused on stock going to sale or
slaughter where there is significant risk to animal welfare, which will remain
while drought conditions persist; and

o previously increasing funding to the Rural Support Worker Program.

Ms Hodgkinson, who is this week touring drought-affected communities in northern
NSW, made the announcement in Tamworth with the Member for Tamworth Kevin
Anderson, and the Member for Northern Tablelands Adam Marshall.

Mr Marshall welcomed the extension of emergency assistance measures.

'Primary producers in the Northern Tablelands region are world class and have
prepared as well as they could for this drought, but as it has moved beyond any
reasonable level of preparedness, I know many will welcome this assistance
package,' he said.

Mr Anderson said the emergency drought-assistance measures include funding to
appoint a Rural Support Worker based in Tamworth, with recruitment to begin
immediately.

The Regional Assistance Advisory Committee and Local Land Services will continue
to monitor seasonal conditions across NSW and will provide advice and
recommendations to the NSW Government as required.

For more information, visit <a href="http://www.dpi.nsw.gov.au/agriculture/
emergency/">www.dpi.nsw.gov.au/agriculture/emergency/</a>

drought/managing

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2014 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              159 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                          September 15, 2007 Saturday
                                  All Editions

Federal assistance for state disasters tops $22 million

SECTION: Pg. B6

LENGTH: 460 words

DATELINE: AUGUSTA


More than $22 million in assistance has been approved to date by the Federal
Emergency Management Agency and the U.S. Small Business Administration, the
agencies said in a joint press release.

These agencies continue to assist the residents and communities in the state of
Maine affected by the severe storms and flooding that activated two major
disaster declarations in April. These grants and loans help residents and
communities bear the financial burdens imposed by the storms' extensive damage.

In late spring, two flooding disasters prompted immediate federal assistance for
residents and communities in the state: one for severe storms and flooding in
mid-March, and one for the Patriot's Day nor'easter. As a result of the March
event, FEMA public assistance has obligated more than $1,234,241 for 235
projects in Hancock, Knox, Lincoln and Waldo counties for damage. So far, damage
resulting from the nor'easter has obligated more than $16.2 million for 1,600
projects in 13 counties.

For projects that are approved, FEMA's progam will pay 75 percent of the cost
and the state will reimburse the remaining 25 percent. These projects typically
include debris removal, emergency services related to the flooding and repairing
or replacing damaged public facilities. The latter category includes schools,
libraries and other public buildings, repairing roads, bridges, water control
facilities, utilities and recreational facilities.

As of Sept. 13 recovery activities from MEMA, FEMA and SBA are:

.  2,746 homeowners and renters registered for assistance.

.  FEMA's Individuals and Household Program grants total $1,898,380. This
assistance covers temporary disaster housing assistance, repairing
disaster-damaged homes to safe, sanitary, and functional conditions, and grants
for disaster-related needs and expenses not covered by insurance or other
assistance programs.

.  Applicant visits to Disaster Recovery Centers totaled 779.

.  $3,655,800 in SBA low-interest disaster loans have been approved for 150
homeowners, renters, and business owners.

Although the registration period has ended, individuals who have applied for
assistance and have additional questions may visit www.fema.gov/assistance or
call the toll-free FEMA Helpline 800-621-FEMA (3362) or 800-462-7585 (TTY) for
the speech- or hearing-impaired. For questions regarding SBA disaster loans,
call 800-659-2955 from 8 a.m. to 9 p.m., weekdays, or 9 a.m. to 5:30 p.m.
Saturdays.

FEMA coordinates the federal government's role in preparing for, preventing,
mitigating the effects of, responding to, and recovering from all domestic
disasters, whether natural or man-made, including acts of terror.

For more information, visit www.fema.gov/region1/, www.maine.gov/mema or
www.maine.gov/spo/flood.

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2007 Bangor Daily News


                              160 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                            August 19, 1993 Thursday

LENGTH: 152 words


Gary L. Smith, acting regional director, has announced that the Rural
Development Administration has funds available to assist rural communities and
businesses affected by the Midwest flooding. Smith said funds are available only
to the extent of cost not covered by the Federal Emergency Management Agency.
The programs: Water and waste loan and grant funds available for communities
under 10,000 population to repair or replace water, sanitary sewer systems, or
storm drainage systems and solid waste disposal facilities. Emergency community
water assistance grants are available for communities under 15,000 population.
The intermediary relending program provides loans to public bodies or non-profit
corporations up to $2 million. The funds must be used by the intermediary to
establish a revolving fund for making loans to assist businesses. Guaranteed
business and industry disaster loans of up to $10 million.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1993 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              161 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Norwalk Reflector, Ohio

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                               May 4, 2015 Monday

Huron Co. Victims Assistance awarded grant for projects

BYLINE: Cary Ashby, Norwalk Reflector, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 401 words


May 04--In honor of the recent National Crime Victims' Rights Week, Ohio
Attorney General Mike DeWine has awarded the local victims assistance program
with money to fund several awareness projects.

Huron County Victims Assistance was one of 18 agencies to share a total of
$24,344 to fund awareness campaigns throughout the week. Each organization was
awarded a grant between $650 and $1,500.

"We were awarded $1,500, which we have used throughout the week for several
awareness projects," director Eva Gorby said.

The local week's activities included: Annual community/officer training for
victims' rights; a banner on the front of the Huron County Courthouse; display
cases at the courthouse and Norwalk Public Library; the Clothesline Project;
emergency totes; National Crime Victims' Rights Week information to libraries
(coffee mugs, first aid kits, bookmarks and pens); and NCVRW ribbons to courts,
clerks, law enforcement and children's services.

Gorby provided information about the Clothesline Project.

"(It) is a visual display of Tshirts that are hand-decorated by victims of
violent crimes or by loved ones. They bear witness to the impact of violence and
more importantly, to the spirit of each survivor. We hope to offer a therapeutic
way for victims/survivors to acknowledge the effect violence has had on their
lives and support their courage to persevere," according to a brochure.

There is a four-fold purpose of the project: To bear witness to the survivors as
well as the victims; help with the healing process for people who have lost a
loved one or are survivors of the violence; educate, document and raise
society's awareness of the extent and impact of violence; and finally, provide a
nationwide network of support, encouragement and information for other
communities starting their own Clothesline Project.

The emergency totes include throws, bottled water, coloring books, crayons, hand
sanitizer, stuffed animals, mints, a toothbrush, toothpaste, Kleenex and an area
resource guide.

"It is important that Ohioans are aware of what services are available to help
them if they become a victim of crime and I am pleased that my office is able to
help these agencies promote the valuable services that they provide," DeWine
said.

___ (c)2015 the Norwalk Reflector (Norwalk, Ohio) Visit the Norwalk Reflector
(Norwalk, Ohio) at www.norwalkreflector.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150504-1NW-Huron-Co-Victims-Assistance-awarded-grant
-for-projects-0504-20150504

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1NW


                     Copyright 2015 Norwalk Reflector, Ohio


                              162 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 1, 2016 Friday

Minnesota: Karlstad Fire Department receives fire truck through DNR Rural Fire
Program

LENGTH: 618  words

DATELINE: New York



 Saint Paul: The Departmeant of Natural Resources, Minnesota has issued the
following news release:



 The Karlstad Fire Department in northwestern Minnesota now has a significant
upgrade to its fire fleet courtesy of the Department of Natural Resources'
Department of Defense Firefighter Property Program.





 The new acquisition is a heavy expanded mobility tactical truck with a
2,500-gallon capacity that can pump a thousand gallons per minute. The four axle
water tender is better for rough terrain wildland firefighting. The average cost
for a new truck of this type runs about $420,000 but through the DNR Rural Fire
Department program, the city will pay $4,500 for shipping plus the cost to paint
the truck.



 "This is a really good use of taxpayer money," said Karlstad Fire Chief Jeremy
Folland. "It's a rare find and will drive better on dirt or low maintenance
roads," said Folland, who has led the 32-member volunteer fire department since
2005.



 Folland said the truck is more efficient than the department's current
34-year-old water tender and will assist them in the delivery of fire services
over a 250 square mile fire district.



 Under the property program, DNR Forestry has the authority to get excess
military equipment and transfer the equipment to fire departments and emergency
service agencies.



 Adam Munstenteiger, DNR Warroad area forestry supervisor, views the truck as a
valuable asset to the region where other emergency services partners will
benefit as well.



 "This program and other DNR rural fire programs have strengthened the
partnership with the DNR and fire departments," said Munstenteiger. "These
partnerships increase the safety and efficiency of wildland firefighting."



 DNR Forestry Rural Fire Program assistance

 Aside from the property program, there are several DNR rural fire department
programs available to assist Minnesota fire departments by providing low-cost
equipment, cost-share grants, technical assistance and wildland fire training.



 The Wildland Fire Equipment Sales program, also known as "fire cache sales,"
provides wildland fire suppression equipment to Minnesota fire departments at a
low cost.



 "Our rural fire program delivers surplus equipment at low cost to communities
that might not otherwise afford it," said Tim Oland, DNR coordinator. "
Communities give us their wish lists and we scout surplus programs to suit their
needs."



 The Volunteer Fire Assistance Grant program is a cost-share program that
provides financial and technical assistance to Minnesota fire departments in
cities or communities with a population under 10,000. The primary objectives of
the program are saving lives and protecting property in rural areas.



 Priority is given to fire departments that have the greatest need and
participate in a community wildfire protection plan, or a county all hazard
mitigation plan.



 The Karlstad Fire Department recently completed their community wildlife
protection plan, which included three criteria--collaboration with local and
state governments, prioritized areas for fuel reduction treatments and
recommendations for measures that homeowners and communities can take to reduce
the ignitability of structures throughout the area in the plan.



 "We are excited about this truck and proud of the strong relationship we are
building with the area DNR office and rural fire program," said Todd Carlson, a
volunteer firefighter who helped develop the Karlstad community fire plan.
"Everyone we have worked with at the DNR has been great. We can't say enough
about the importance of this acquisition," Carlson said.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              163 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 30, 2016 Thursday

Minnesota: Karlstad Fire Department receives fire truck through DNR Rural Fire
Program

LENGTH: 618  words

DATELINE: New York



 Saint Paul: The Departmeant of Natural Resources, Minnesota has issued the
following news release:



 The Karlstad Fire Department in northwestern Minnesota now has a significant
upgrade to its fire fleet courtesy of the Department of Natural Resources'
Department of Defense Firefighter Property Program.





 The new acquisition is a heavy expanded mobility tactical truck with a
2,500-gallon capacity that can pump a thousand gallons per minute. The four axle
water tender is better for rough terrain wildland firefighting. The average cost
for a new truck of this type runs about $420,000 but through the DNR Rural Fire
Department program, the city will pay $4,500 for shipping plus the cost to paint
the truck.



 "This is a really good use of taxpayer money," said Karlstad Fire Chief Jeremy
Folland. "It's a rare find and will drive better on dirt or low maintenance
roads," said Folland, who has led the 32-member volunteer fire department since
2005.



 Folland said the truck is more efficient than the department's current
34-year-old water tender and will assist them in the delivery of fire services
over a 250 square mile fire district.



 Under the property program, DNR Forestry has the authority to get excess
military equipment and transfer the equipment to fire departments and emergency
service agencies.



 Adam Munstenteiger, DNR Warroad area forestry supervisor, views the truck as a
valuable asset to the region where other emergency services partners will
benefit as well.



 "This program and other DNR rural fire programs have strengthened the
partnership with the DNR and fire departments," said Munstenteiger. "These
partnerships increase the safety and efficiency of wildland firefighting."



 DNR Forestry Rural Fire Program assistance

 Aside from the property program, there are several DNR rural fire department
programs available to assist Minnesota fire departments by providing low-cost
equipment, cost-share grants, technical assistance and wildland fire training.



 The Wildland Fire Equipment Sales program, also known as "fire cache sales,"
provides wildland fire suppression equipment to Minnesota fire departments at a
low cost.



 "Our rural fire program delivers surplus equipment at low cost to communities
that might not otherwise afford it," said Tim Oland, DNR coordinator. "
Communities give us their wish lists and we scout surplus programs to suit their
needs."



 The Volunteer Fire Assistance Grant program is a cost-share program that
provides financial and technical assistance to Minnesota fire departments in
cities or communities with a population under 10,000. The primary objectives of
the program are saving lives and protecting property in rural areas.



 Priority is given to fire departments that have the greatest need and
participate in a community wildfire protection plan, or a county all hazard
mitigation plan.



 The Karlstad Fire Department recently completed their community wildlife
protection plan, which included three criteria--collaboration with local and
state governments, prioritized areas for fuel reduction treatments and
recommendations for measures that homeowners and communities can take to reduce
the ignitability of structures throughout the area in the plan.



 "We are excited about this truck and proud of the strong relationship we are
building with the area DNR office and rural fire program," said Todd Carlson, a
volunteer firefighter who helped develop the Karlstad community fire plan.
"Everyone we have worked with at the DNR has been great. We can't say enough
about the importance of this acquisition," Carlson said.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              164 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 9, 2015 Thursday

Udall, Heinrich, Luján Announce $3.5 Million to Restore Nambé Falls Reservoir,
Reimburse Firefighting for Tres Lagunas Fire

LENGTH: 561  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Martin Heinrich, U.S Government has issued the following
news release:

U.S. Senators Tom Udall and Martin Heinrich and U.S. Representative Ben Ray
Luján today announced that more than $3.5 million in Federal Emergency
Management Agency (FEMA) funding will be awarded to New Mexico to help San
Miguel and Santa Fe counties recover from severe fires and flooding.

Pojoaque Valley Irrigation District will receive $1,028,174 for emergency
repairs to the Nambé Falls Reservoir to clear out debris and sediment that
flowed into the reservoir during severe storms and flooding in September 2014.
The reservoir provides water for irrigation purposes to nearby communities,
which include the pueblos of San Ildefonso, Nambé, and Pojoaque. This funding
brings the total amount FEMA has designated for recovery efforts from the
September 2014 storms and flooding to more than $2.6 million.

The New Mexico Energy, Minerals and Natural Resources Department will receive
$2,478,581 to reimburse  firefighting costs incurred while fighting the Tres
Lagunas Fire, which threatened hundreds of homes and burned thousands of acres
in San Miguel County in May and June of 2013. The funding is being awarded
through FEMA's Fire Management Assistance Grant Program, and covers expenses
including field camps; equipment use, repair and replacement; tools, materials
and supplies; and mobilization and demobilization activities.

"I'm pleased that FEMA has provided these additional resources to help clean up
the Nambé Falls Reservoir and pay for critical firefighting resources that
extinguished the Tres Lagunas Fire and saved hundreds of homes," Udall said.
"Fires, severe storms and flooding take a significant toll on our communities,
and I'll continue to work to make sure that New Mexico has the resources needed
to prevent and fight these disasters, and also mitigate the impact they have on
our water resources."

"This FEMA funding is critical to the cleanup efforts at Nambé Falls Reservoir,
which provides irrigation water to local farmers," Heinrich said. "I'm also
pleased federal aid will go toward reimbursing firefighting costs from the Tres
Lagunas Fire. I will continue working to ensure communities across New Mexico
affected by severe flooding and devastating fires receive the assistance they
need to rebuild and recover."

"FEMA funds provide critical support to our communities that have been hard hit
by flood, fire, and other disasters," Luján said. "These important federal funds
will contribute to the effort to restore Nambé Falls Reservoir and protect our
water resources that are critical to the livelihood of these communities,
particularly during these times of drought. This funding will also help provide
our firefighters with the proper resources and equipment as they prepare for the
next fire season. I commend our firefighters for their tremendous efforts
battling the Tres Lagunas Fire, and I will continue to advocate for the
necessary funding to bolster their efforts."

The funding will be awarded directly to the state of New Mexico on behalf of
Pojoaque Valley Irrigation District and the New Mexico Energy, Minerals and
Natural Resources Department, and is expected to cover 75 percent of costs for
each project.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              165 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 9, 2015 Thursday

Udall, Heinrich, Lujan Announce $3.5 Million to Restore Nambe Falls Reservoir,
Reimburse Firefighting for Tres Lagunas Fire

LENGTH: 562  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of House of Representative Ben Ray Lujan, U.S Government has issued the
following news release:

U.S. Senators Tom Udall and Martin Heinrich and U.S. Representative Ben Ray
Luján today announced that more than $3.5 million in Federal Emergency
Management Agency (FEMA) funding will be awarded to New Mexico to help San
Miguel and Santa Fe counties recover from severe fires and flooding.

Pojoaque Valley Irrigation District will receive $1,028,174 for emergency
repairs to the Nambé Falls Reservoir to clear out debris and sediment that
flowed into the reservoir during severe storms and flooding in September 2014.
The reservoir provides water for irrigation purposes to nearby communities,
which include the pueblos of San Ildefonso, Nambé, and Pojoaque. This funding
brings the total amount FEMA has designated for recovery efforts from the
September 2014 storms and flooding to more than $2.6 million.

The New Mexico Energy, Minerals and Natural Resources Department will receive
$2,478,581 to reimburse  firefighting costs incurred while fighting the Tres
Lagunas Fire, which threatened hundreds of homes and burned thousands of acres
in San Miguel County in May and June of 2013. The funding is being awarded
through FEMA's Fire Management Assistance Grant Program, and covers expenses
including field camps; equipment use, repair and replacement; tools, materials
and supplies; and mobilization and demobilization activities.

"I'm pleased that FEMA has provided these additional resources to help clean up
the Nambé Falls Reservoir and pay for critical firefighting resources that
extinguished the Tres Lagunas Fire and saved hundreds of homes," Udall said.
"Fires, severe storms and flooding take a significant toll on our communities,
and I'll continue to work to make sure that New Mexico has the resources needed
to prevent and fight these disasters, and also mitigate the impact they have on
our water resources."

"This FEMA funding is critical to the cleanup efforts at Nambé Falls Reservoir,
which provides irrigation water to local farmers," Heinrich said. "I'm also
pleased federal aid will go toward reimbursing firefighting costs from the Tres
Lagunas Fire. I will continue working to ensure communities across New Mexico
affected by severe flooding and devastating fires receive the assistance they
need to rebuild and recover."

"FEMA funds provide critical support to our communities that have been hard hit
by flood, fire, and other disasters," Luján said. "These important federal funds
will contribute to the effort to restore Nambé Falls Reservoir and protect our
water resources that are critical to the livelihood of these communities,
particularly during these times of drought. This funding will also help provide
our firefighters with the proper resources and equipment as they prepare for the
next fire season. I commend our firefighters for their tremendous efforts
battling the Tres Lagunas Fire, and I will continue to advocate for the
necessary funding to bolster their efforts."

The funding will be awarded directly to the state of New Mexico on behalf of
Pojoaque Valley Irrigation District and the New Mexico Energy, Minerals and
Natural Resources Department, and is expected to cover 75 percent of costs for
each project.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              166 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                   September 18, 1997, Thursday, ALL EDITIONS

Line Creek group vows fight against rail yard

BYLINE: Kay S. Pedrotti; STAFF WRITER

SECTION: EXTRA; Pg. 04K

LENGTH: 357 words


The Line Creek Community Association is continuing its opposition to a proposed
truck/rail yard near Fairburn, members said at last week's meeting.

"We will continue to do whatever we can, and at some point, we may have to take
a legal position against it," said George Hart, new president of the group. The
Line Creek association, which represents about 200 people in south Fulton,
Fayette and Coweta counties, was among several homeowner groups protesting a
rezoning requested by CSX.

Although the rezoning request was denied by the Fulton County Commission for a
portion of the railroad's property, CSX has said it will build the yard on about
375 acres already zoned heavy industrial northwest of I-85. The company is in
the process of obtaining Fulton County permits and expects to start operating
within 18 months.

Hart said the association also will be keeping tabs on a local developer who has
started water and sewer construction on property on Johnson Road near Bohannon
Road. The neighbors are concerned about housing density in the area, he added.

Melvin Richardson, acting assistant director for housing in the Fulton County
Department of Planning and Economic Development, addressed the group of about 50
people on housing needs in the area. In planning for disbursement of Community
Development Block Grant funds, Richardson said, the county needs to hear from
the public on what kinds of housing programs are most needed.

Fulton County usually receives 45 to 50 proposals for dividing about $ 5 million
a year in housing grants, Richardson said. Programs include housing
rehabilitation, rental assistance, senior and youth services, building new homes
and apartments, emergency shelters for the homeless and housing assistance for
people with AIDS.

Toni Thornton, president of the newly formed Bear Creek Homeowners Association,
told the LCCA that the new group looks forward to working with others in south
Fulton on issues affecting quality of life. The Bear Creek group, she said,
includes homes in an area roughly bounded by U.S. 29, Short Road, South Fulton
Parkway, John Rivers Road and Hobgood Road.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1997 The Atlanta Constitution


                              167 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 9, 2013 Tuesday

Funds For Point Pleasant, Sea Breeze & Clinton Fire Departments Will Be Used to
Purchase New Water Hose and New Self-Contained Breathing Apparatus

LENGTH: 869  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Gillibrand, U.S Government has issued the following news
release:

Today, U.S. Senators Charles E. Schumer and Kirsten E. Gillibrand announced that
the Clifton Fire Department, the Sea Breeze Volunteer Fire Department, and the
Point Pleasant Fire District will receive a total of $279,639 in federal grants
in Round 20 of the FY12 Assistance to Firefighters Grant (AFG) Program. AFG
awards are administered by the U.S. Department of Homeland Security (DHS)
Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) and are designed to help firefighters
and other first responders obtain critically needed equipment, protective gear,
emergency vehicles, training, and other resources needed to protect the public
and emergency personnel from fire and related hazards. The Clifton Fire
Department will receive $112,792 to replace all self-contained breathing
apparatuses over 15 years old. The Sea Breeze Volunteer Fire Department will
receive $112,317 to purchase breathing units that are over 20 years old, and the
Point Pleasant Fire Department will receive $54,530 funding to purchase a new
hose and related equipment in order to maintain better water supply at fires.

"With this funding, first responders across Monroe County can focus on their
important work knowing that they have reliable new equipment," said Senator
Schumer. "These investments will help ensure that our local heroes at Sea
Breeze, Clifton and Point Pleasant Departments can continue their life-saving
work and will enable them to respond as effectively and safely as possible with
more efficient gear."

"This is an important investment for the Clifton Fire Department, Sea Breeze
Volunteer Fire Department, Point Pleasant Fire District and Monroe County," said
Senator Gillibrand. "It's our responsibility to ensure our first responders have
the most up-to-date equipment to serve our communities at their highest level.
The new SCBA units along with the new hose and water maintenance supplies will
help these fire departments respond to emergencies more efficiently and
effectively, and help save more lives."

"The funding will be used to purchase 20 new SCBA units that will replace the
current equipment that is over 20 years old.  The Sea Breeze Volunteer Fire
Department is the oldest fire department in the Town of Irondequoit, celebrating
105 years of service; this grant is very welcome news to us," said Chief Dave
Deroller of the Sea Breeze Volunteer Fire Department.

"The grant will be used to purchase new large diameter hose and related
equipment to better assist us in compliance with today's standards as well as
replace aging equipment. This new hose will help us to maintain a better water
supply and flow at fires, thus helping to keep our firefighters safe," said
Chief Steve Derleth of the Point Pleasant Fire Department.

"The Clifton Fire Department Inc. is extremely pleased with the announcement of
the award through the FEMA Assistance to Firefighters Grant Program," Clifton
Fire Department President George Emens said. "The grant will enhance the health
and safety of our firefighters. This will not only benefit our firefighters, but
also the residents of our fire protection area and neighboring fire departments
that we respond with for mutual aid. Even though the fire department has been
budgeting monies for the SCBA replacement over the last few years it is an
extremely large expenditure for a small rural fire department. In these
difficult economic times, the grant will be a welcomed relief to our annual
budget process and to the taxpayers in our fire district. The award will be used
to our replace our self-contained breathing apparatus (SCBA) which are over
fifteen years old. The SCBA is worn by a firefighter to provide breathing air
when responding to fires, reports of carbon monoxide, natural gas / propane
fumes and other inhalation hazards. There have been many advances in technology
since our current SCBA were manufactured. The new SCBA will provide our
firefighters with many new safety features, significantly less weight to carry
and are easier to use."

Schumer was an original sponsor of the legislation that led to the creation of
this funding program for local governments and fire departments to help defray
the rising costs of equipment and fire prevention. The Assistance to
Firefighters Grant Program funds can go towards training, equipment, personal
protective equipment, wellness and fitness, and modifications to fire stations
and facilities.

The Assistance to Firefighters Grant Program assists local fire departments in
programs and activities to improve the effectiveness of firefighting operations
through specialized emergency training for response to situations like terrorist
attacks; enhancement of emergency medical services programs; development of
health and safety initiatives; establishment of fire education and prevention
programs; creation of wellness and fitness programs; and equipment and facility
upgrades.

The Assistance to Firefighters Grants are administered by the Department of
Homeland Security Federal Emergency Management Agency in cooperation with the
Department's United States

For further information please visit: http://www.gillibrand.senate.gov

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              168 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                            Lowell Sun (Lowell, MA)

                             July 31, 2003 Thursday

Boxboro Fire Department gets $42G federal grant

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 201 words


BOXBORO The Boxboro Fire Department was awarded $43,429 as part of the
Assistance to Firefighters Grant Program.

The grant will be used to purchase over 6,000 feet of new fire hoses.

"This grant will allow our department to safely transport water not only for
emergencies in our town, but for the surrounding communities that we provide
mutual aid to as well," said Boxboro Fire Chief William Clayton.

Clayton, who is retiring in three weeks, called the grant a "nice going-away
surprise."

The federal grant comes from the Federal Emergency Management Agency, along with
the United States Fire Administration, and was lobbied for by U.S. Rep. Marty
Meehan, a Massachusetts Democrat from Lowell.

"These federal monies are critical to ensuring that the men and women of the
Boxboro Fire Department have the resources they need to keep their community
safe," Meehan said. "These men and women put their lives on the line every day
for their community. It's incumbent upon us to provide as much assistance as we
can for them at the federal level."

The Boxboro award was one of 450 nationwide. A total of about $27 million was
awarded to fire departments across the country this year.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2003 MediaNews Group, Inc.


                              169 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                             August 10, 2015 Monday

DRC - Emergency livelihood, water and sanitation assistance - Oxfam Québec 2015

LENGTH: 498  words


Status: :Operational
Country :The Democratic Republic of Congo
Description
Ongoing conflict between Government and UN peacekeeping forces and a plethora of
armed rebel groups in the eastern Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) has led to
a widespread regional humanitarian crisis. Nearly 3 million people in the DRC
have been displaced from their homes and a further 500,000 Congolese are living
as refugees in neighbouring countries. An estimated 5.7 million people in the
country are facing acute food insecurity and almost 3.9 million children under
the age of five years old are malnourished. The level of sexual and gender-based
violence, particularly in the eastern region of the country, is alarming.
Overall, an estimated 7 million people in the DRC (roughly 9% of the total
population) are expected to require humanitarian assistance in 2015.


With DFATD  s support, Oxfam Québec is meeting the basic household, livelihood,
and water and sanitation needs of up to 25,000 conflict-affected people in Beni
territory, North Kivu. With this multi-sectoral approach, Oxfam Québec is
targeting the most vulnerable, including children, pregnant women, the elderly,
and the handicapped, for assistance. Project activities include: (1) providing
essential household items to up to 3,500 people; (2) providing cash grants to
700 households without access to land or ability to work; (3) providing
agricultural supplies and training to 2,300 households; (4) constructing or
rehabilitating 24 community water points; (5) constructing 500 emergency
latrines and 100 showers; (6) carrying out a community-based hygiene campaign,
benefiting 25,000 people; and (7) carrying out a community-based protection
campaign, increasing the capacity of 25,000 people to protect themselves from
violence, discrimination, and HIV/AIDs.
Sectors
Emergency assistance
Material relief assistance and services (072010): 100%
Expected Results
The expected outcomes for this project include: (1) increased access to
essential household items; (2) increased resilience of severely food-insecure
people against further shocks; (3) increased access to safe drinking water; (4)
increased access to sanitation facilities and hygiene supplies; and (5)
increased access to services and assistance aimed at protecting the basic rights
of conflict-affected groups.
The expected ultimate outcome is lives saved, suffering alleviated and human
dignity maintained in countries experiencing humanitarian crisis or acute food
insecurity.

Project completion date : 2016-03-31 12:00:00
Major organization : OXFAM-QUÉBEC

Address : 2330 Notre-Dame Street West, suite 200
Montreal (Quebec) H3J 2Y2

Country :Canada
Email : info@oxfam.qc.ca

Url : http://oxfam.qc.ca/

Financier : Department of Foreign Affairs, Trade and Development (DFATD),

Financier address : Foreign Affairs, Trade and Development Canada
125 Sussex Drive
Ottawa, ON
K1A 0G2 Canada
Tel :613-944-4000


Fax :613-996-9709
Web: http://www.international.gc.ca

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2015 Tenders Info
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              170 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                    June 7, 2003 Saturday WISCONSIN EDITION

GOVERNOR ORDERS STATE OF EMERGENCY

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 339 words


Gov. Jim Doyle declared a state of emergency Friday for the Shell Lake area in
Washburn County as the lake rose to an all-time high.

The elevation of Shell Lake has risen 9 feet during the last 50 years.

The high water levels are flooding homes and causing problems to infrastructure
around the lake including roads and the sanitary system, Doyle said. The
problems stem from the proximity of the lake to homes and failed efforts to pump
out water through a new pipeline to a river nearly five miles away.

About 400 homes surround the scenic 2,600-acre lake, with about two-thirds of
them being recreational and seasonal homes. Doyle's declaration directs all
state agencies to assist Shell Lake in responding to the flooding situation.

The governor said the state also is giving the city of Shell Lake a $10,000
grant for general disaster and housing assistance.

Doyle said the state also will try to identify financing options and low
interest loans to cover the cost of fixing a 4.4 mile pipeline diversion project
that was intended to solve the flooding problems.

The city approved construction last August of the $1.5 million pumping system to
discharge water from Shell Lake into the Yellow River. But leakage and an
incline made it ineffective.

Doyle also said the state will:

-- Assist the city in establishing eligibility for up to $2 million in
low-interest loans to acquire homes most adversely affected so residents could
relocate.

-- Provide housing assistance grants up to $25,000 for low-income families who
have been affected by the flooding.

-- Help the city obtain emergency grants under the federal Community Development
Block Grant Program. The city can apply for up to $500,000 to address low and
moderate-income housing needs caused by flooding.

-- Continue having the Department of Natural Resources provide technical
oversight of the diversion project and ensure that water quality standards are
monitored.

-- Provide correctional inmates to fill sandbags.

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 2003 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              171 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The Frontier Star

                             October 8, 2010 Friday

Saudi Fund for Development and UNICEF sign MOU for Humanitarian Aid to Pakistan

SECTION: Vol. XV No. 278

LENGTH: 356  words


The Saudi Fund for Development (SFD) of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia will provide
a grant of US$ 23.3 million to the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF) for
humanitarian activities in Pakistan. A Memorandum of Understanding (MoU), to
this effect, was signed here on Friday.

"This grant by the Government of Saudi Arabia is for urgent support to maternal
and child healthcare, nutrition services for children and pregnant women, and
providing safe drinking water and adequate sanitation facilities in the IDP
camps", said Engineer, Mohamed Al Arifi, head of the SFD delegation.

"Saudi Government has always shown its desire to provide financial assistance to
Pakistan on Humanitarian grounds. This relief assistance comes under the Kingdom
of Saudi Arabia's pledge of US$ 100 million to the IDPs", he added.

In 2009, mass displacement of population took place as a result of militancy in
north-western Pakistan. Nearly three million people were displaced of which many
still reside in camps and with host communities. The SFD grant will go towards
UNICEF's ongoing humanitarian assistance for populations affected in Khyber
Pakhtunkhwa and the Federally Administered Tribal Areas (FATA).

"This generous donation by SFD will go a long way in helping UNICEF to continue
to provide improved and expanded services in the areas of health, education,
drinking water, sanitation and hygiene to women and children affected by
militancy in north-western Pakistan", said Daniel Toole, Regional Director for
South Asia and Special Representative for UNICEF in Pakistan.

"Successive emergencies in Pakistan pose a greater challenge for humanitarian
organisations and additional funds are needed for a sustained response. As we
actively serve populations affected by the recent floods, we must not forget
those who were already displaced and distressed due to the earlier emergency and
may have taken a double blow".

UNICEF will use the Saudi funds for procuring school supplies, preventive and
curative health services, provision of safe drinking water, sanitation
facilities and restoration of damaged public sector schools and health centres.

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 The Frontier Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                              172 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                            October 23, 2007 Tuesday
                                  ALL EDITION

Water action may lead to rationing

BYLINE: By Walter C. Jones Morris News Service

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B05

LENGTH: 353 words


ATLANTA - Gov. Sonny Perdue's declaration of a state of emergency in 85 counties
could trigger broad efforts to deal with north Georgia's record drought.

Actions could range from curbing commercial uses, ordering water systems to
boost their rates to encourage conservation or imposing rations, observers say.

During the weekend, Mr. Perdue got busy.

He returned from an Asian trade mission to sue the federal government, issue his
declaration and seek a similar emergency declaration from President Bush.

He is hoping that either his lawsuit or a presidential declaration will get the
Army Corps of Engineers to slow the release of water from dams on Chattahoochee
River lakes before they fall below the intake pipes that feed drinking systems.

A presidential decision could come any day or weeks from now.

The lawsuit is expected to go before a judge Nov. 4 or 5, according to Maj.
Daren Payne of the Corps' Alabama headquarters.

"I don't expect any change on (Corps release levels) any time soon," he said.

The federal emergency would allow low-interest loans for businesses and possibly
assistance to individuals who have been affected by the drought.

Mr. Perdue's emergency declaration will allow the state to begin using its
resources to help communities running out of water - by using National Guard
tankers to truck it in, for example.

While there are no specific funds for disaster assistance, the Georgia
Environmental Facilities Authority has already made a $200,000 emergency grant
to the city of Hogansville to connect to nearby LaGrange's water system.

Today, the authority is expected to approve a $75,000 grant for the south
Georgia city of Rochelle to redrill its primary well.

Sierra Club lobbyist Neill Herring said Mr. Perdue's efforts are three years and
$20 million overdue.

"I think the governor is making up for the mistake when he failed to fund the
water plan when he first got into office," he said. "I don't think this is going
to be productive, this business of asking the federal government for easy
credit. Credit for what, to buy rain?"

Reach Walter Jones at (404) 589-8424 or walter.jones@morris.com

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2007 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              173 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 9, 2013 Tuesday

SCHUMER, GILLIBRAND ANNOUNCE OVER $275,000 FEDERAL GRANT FOR MONROE COUNTY FIRE
DEPARTMENTS; INVESTMENT MEANS VITAL EQUIPMENT FOR FIRST RESPONDERS

LENGTH: 918  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Charles E. Schumer, U.S Government has issued the
following news release:

Today, U.S. Senators Charles E. Schumer and Kirsten E. Gillibrand announced that
the Clifton Fire Department, the Sea Breeze Volunteer Fire Department, and the
Point Pleasant Fire District will receive a total of $279,639 in federal grants
in Round 20 of the FY12 Assistance to Firefighters Grant (AFG) Program. AFG
awards are administered by the U.S. Department of Homeland Security (DHS)
Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) and are designed to help firefighters
and other first responders obtain critically needed equipment, protective gear,
emergency vehicles, training, and other resources needed to protect the public
and emergency personnel from fire and related hazards. The Clifton Fire
Department will receive $112,792 to replace all self-contained breathing
apparatuses over 15 years old. The Sea Breeze Volunteer Fire Department will
receive $112,317 to purchase breathing units that are over 20 years old, and the
Point Pleasant Fire Department will receive $54,530 funding to purchase a new
hose and related equipment in order to maintain better water supply at fires.

"With this funding, first responders across Monroe County can focus on their
important work knowing that they have reliable new equipment," said Senator
Schumer. "These investments will help ensure that our local heroes at Sea
Breeze, Clifton and Point Pleasant Departments can continue their life-saving
work and will enable them to respond as effectively and safely as possible with
more efficient gear."

"This is an important investment for the Clifton Fire Department, Sea Breeze
Volunteer Fire Department, Point Pleasant Fire District and Monroe County," said
Senator Gillibrand. "It's our responsibility to ensure our first responders have
the most up-to-date equipment to serve our communities at their highest level.
The new SCBA units along with the new hose and water maintenance supplies will
help these fire departments respond to emergencies more efficiently and
effectively, and help save more lives."

"The funding will be used to purchase 20 new SCBA units that will replace the
current equipment that is over 20 years old.  The Sea Breeze Volunteer Fire
Department is the oldest fire department in the Town of Irondequoit, celebrating
105 years of service; this grant is very welcome news to us," said Chief Dave
Deroller of the Sea Breeze Volunteer Fire Department.

"The grant will be used to purchase new large diameter hose and related
equipment to better assist us in compliance with today's standards as well as
replace aging equipment. This new hose will help us to maintain a better water
supply and flow at fires, thus helping to keep our firefighters safe," said
Chief Steve Derleth of the Point Pleasant Fire Department.

"The Clifton Fire Department Inc. is extremely pleased with the announcement of
the award through the FEMA Assistance to Firefighters Grant Program," Clifton
Fire Department President George Emens said. "The grant will enhance the health
and safety of our firefighters. This will not only benefit our firefighters, but
also the residents of our fire protection area and neighboring fire departments
that we respond with for mutual aid. Even though the fire department has been
budgeting monies for the SCBA replacement over the last few years it is an
extremely large expenditure for a small rural fire department. In these
difficult economic times, the grant will be a welcomed relief to our annual
budget process and to the taxpayers in our fire district. The award will be used
to our replace our self-contained breathing apparatus (SCBA) which are over
fifteen years old. The SCBA is worn by a firefighter to provide breathing air
when responding to fires, reports of carbon monoxide, natural gas / propane
fumes and other inhalation hazards. There have been many advances in technology
since our current SCBA were manufactured. The new SCBA will provide our
firefighters with many new safety features, significantly less weight to carry
and are easier to use."

Schumer was an original sponsor of the legislation that led to the creation of
this funding program for local governments and fire departments to help defray
the rising costs of equipment and fire prevention. The Assistance to
Firefighters Grant Program funds can go towards training, equipment, personal
protective equipment, wellness and fitness, and modifications to fire stations
and facilities.

The Assistance to Firefighters Grant Program assists local fire departments in
programs and activities to improve the effectiveness of firefighting operations
through specialized emergency training for response to situations like terrorist
attacks; enhancement of emergency medical services programs; development of
health and safety initiatives; establishment of fire education and prevention
programs; creation of wellness and fitness programs; and equipment and facility
upgrades.

The Assistance to Firefighters Grants are administered by the Department of
Homeland Security Federal Emergency Management Agency in cooperation with the
Department's United States Fire Administration. The grants are awarded on a
competitive basis to the applicants that most closely address the program's
priorities and demonstrate financial need.  More information on the Assistance
to Firefighters Grant Program can be accessed at
http://www.firegrantsupport.com/ .

For further information please visit: http://www.schumer.senate.gov

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              174 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                            October 10, 2010 Sunday

Saudi Fund for Development and UNICEF sign MOU for Humanitarian Aid to Pakistan

LENGTH: 392  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, Oct. 10 -- The Saudi Fund for Development (SFD) of the Kingdom of
Saudi Arabia will provide a grant of US$ 23.3 million to the United Nations
Children's Fund (UNICEF) for humanitarian activities in Pakistan. A Memorandum
of Understanding (MoU), to this effect, was signed here on Friday.

"This grant by the Government of Saudi Arabia is for urgent support to maternal
and child healthcare, nutrition services for children and pregnant women, and
providing safe drinking water and adequate sanitation facilities in the IDP
camps", said Engineer, Mohamed Al Arifi, head of the SFD delegation.

"Saudi Government has always shown its desire to provide financial assistance to
Pakistan on Humanitarian grounds. This relief assistance comes under the Kingdom
of Saudi Arabia's pledge of US$ 100 million to the IDPs", he added.

In 2009, mass displacement of population took place as a result of militancy in
north-western Pakistan. Nearly three million people were displaced of which many
still reside in camps and with host communities. The SFD grant will go towards
UNICEF's ongoing humanitarian assistance for populations affected in Khyber
Pukhtoonkhwa and the Federally Administered Tribal Areas (FATA).

"This generous donation by SFD will go a long way in helping UNICEF to continue
to provide improved and expanded services in the areas of health, education,
drinking water, sanitation and hygiene to women and children affected by
militancy in north-western Pakistan", said Daniel Toole, Regional Director for
South Asia and Special Representative for UNICEF in Pakistan.

"Successive emergencies in Pakistan pose a greater challenge for humanitarian
organisations and additional funds are needed for a sustained response. As we
actively serve populations affected by the recent floods, we must not forget
those who were already displaced and distressed due to the earlier emergency and
may have taken a double blow".

UNICEF will use the Saudi funds for procuring school supplies, preventive and
curative health services, provision of safe drinking water, sanitation
facilities and restoration of damaged public sector schools and health centres
Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              175 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Pueblo Chieftain (Colorado)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                          September 15, 2016 Thursday

UNITED WAY: WHERE THE MONEY GOES

BYLINE: Jon Pompia, The Pueblo Chieftain, Colo.

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 613 words


Sept. 15--This year, the United Way of Pueblo County board of trustees will
allocate $903,000 to support more than 50 health and human service programs.

That amount comes from the 2015 campaign total of $1,055,123, with just over 9
percent dedicated to administration and fundraising.

The biggest allotment, $488,323, will go to member agency allocations and United
Way programs, including:

z American Red Cross Disaster services, volunteer recruitment and training,
service to the Armed Services.

z Boy Scouts, Rocky Mountain Council

Learning for Life and Scoutreach Programs.

z Boys and Girls Clubs of Pueblo County

Sprague, East Side and Avondale centers.

z Catholic Charities of the Diocese of Pueblo

Home stability program.

z East Side Child Care Center

Quality day care on a sliding fee scale.

z Pueblo Child Advocacy Center Child abuse prevention (examinations,
investigations and support).

z Pueblo Cooperative Care Center Food Sack Program, medical prescriptions,
transportation and

hygiene.

z Pueblo Community Health Center EKG machine with Spirometer.

z Salvation Army Pueblo Corps and Community Center

Daily meal program, food pantry, warming shelter and pathways of Hope.

z Southside Children's Center Quality day care on a sliding fee

CONTINUED ON PAGE 3A

UNITED WAY: WHERE THE MONEY GOES

CONTINUED FROM PAGE 1A

scale.

z SRDA Helping Elders Live Program (personal care/homemakers and yard
maintenance).

z United Way Middle School Mentoring Program

For Pueblo City Schools (D60) and Pueblo County District 70 middle school
students.

z Volunteer Income Tax Assistance Program

Free federal and state income tax E-filing for qualifying households.

z YWCA Family crisis shelter, Teresa's Place, domestic violence co-location,
Safe Dates Program and youth violence prevention.

In 2015-16, $113,631 was allocated to nonmember agency designations, paid direct
and Colorado Combined Campaign Agency Designations, in addition to $23,000 in
special funding:

z Posada Community Christmas meal.

z Pueblo Police Department Public safety program, graffiti removal and gang
prevention; camp scholarships; explorer program; Neighborhood Watch Program;
patrol initiatives; youth outreach.

z Salvation Army Pueblo Corps and Community Center Christmas Toys for Children:
Angel Tree Program; utility assistance.

The board also allocated $53,000 in mental health grants (2016-17) to:

z Friendly Harbor Drop In Center

Services and support for mentally ill.

z Health Solutions Suicide prevention and awareness.

z Mental Health Colorado

Pro-bono counseling and referral program.

And $32,000 in community impact grants to:

z Care and Share

School Based Food Pantries at Central High School, East High School, Heroes K-8
Academy and Risley International Academy of Innovation.

z Mountain Park Environmental Center

Forest School for Little Rangers Program.

Benefiting from $10,000 in El Pomar Community Problem Solving Grants (2015-16)
were:

z Catholic Charities of the Diocese of Pueblo

Rent assistance.

z Pueblo Cooperative Care Center

Homeless sacks and diabetes vouchers.

z Posada

Emergency shelter for families with children.

z YWCA

Homeless assistance program: transportation, medical/documentation costs.

United Way administered $110,000 through Pueblo Water and City of Pueblo Cares
Program, aiding individuals with water bills; $800 through the IBEW/NECA
Electrical Repair Program; and more than $73,000 through the federal Emergency
Food & Shelter Program.

The annual community giving campaign has raised more than $44,000,000 since
United Way began operations in 1923.

-- Jon Pompia

___ (c)2016 The Pueblo Chieftain (Pueblo, Colo.) Visit The Pueblo Chieftain
(Pueblo, Colo.) at www.chieftain.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160915-PB-UNITED-WAY-WHERE-THE-MONEY-GOES-0915-20160915

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PB


                      Copyright 2016 The Pueblo Chieftain


                              176 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 4, 2015 Wednesday

California: Governor Brown Signs Drought Legislation

LENGTH: 1548  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Governor, The State of California has issued the following news
release:

As California grapples with the driest period in its history, Governor Edmund G.
Brown Jr. today signed legislation to assist drought-affected communities and
provide funding to better use local water supplies.

"Legislators across the aisle have now voted to help hard-pressed communities
that face water shortages," said Governor Brown. "This legislation marks a
crucial step - but Californians must continue to take every action possible to
conserve water."

The legislation had broad, bipartisan support. SB 103 passed 34-2 in the Senate
and 64-3 in the Assembly. SB 104 passed 33-3 in the Senate and 68-1 in the
Assembly. The bills provide $687.4 million to support drought relief, including
money for housing and food for workers directly impacted by the drought, bond
funds for projects to help local communities more efficiently capture and manage
water and funding for securing emergency drinking water supplies for
drought-impacted communities.

In addition, the legislation increases funding for state and local conservation
corps to assist communities with efficiency upgrades and reduce fire fuels in
fire risk areas, and includes $1 million for the Save Our Water public awareness
campaign - which will enhance its mission to inform Californians how they can do
their part to conserve water.

"Like the rain this weekend, this package is badly needed to help mitigate the
effects of the historic drought California is facing. But also like the rain, we
need to see more," said Assembly Speaker John A. Pérez. "That's why every
Californian needs to continue to conserve water, and there's more work to do on
storage, water quality improvement and environmental protections. If we don't
act now, the problems we face will only get worse."

"Swift action is what's needed to make sure we get the most out of every drop of
water, to help our hardest-hit communities and to give emergency help to those
who have lost their jobs from this severe drought. That swift action is exactly
what we've taken with these measures," said Senate President pro Tem Darrell
Steinberg. "Neither the rain storms we're having now, nor this legislation will
eliminate the drought and its impacts. But just like any amount of rain and snow
will help, saving a year or even a few months in getting money out the door and
getting water projects on-line can benefit California enormously."

In addition to the funding provided by the legislation, the bill calls for the
California Department of Public Health (DPH) to adopt new groundwater
replenishment regulations by July 1, 2015, and for the State Water Resources
Control Board and the DPH to work on additional measures to allow for the use of
recycled water and storm water capture for increasing water supply availability.

The bill also makes statutory changes to ensure existing water rights laws are
followed, including streamlined authority to enforce water rights laws and
increased penalties for illegally diverting water during drought conditions. The
bill also provides the California Department of Housing and Community
Development with the greatest flexibility to maximize migrant housing units.

The Governor signed the following bills:

o SB 103 by the Committee on Budget and Fiscal Review - Budget Act of 2013.
o SB 104 by the Committee on Budget and Fiscal Review - Drought Relief.

For full text of the bills, visit: http://leginfo.ca.gov/bilinfo.html

Highlights of the legislation include:

Enhancing Water Conservation and Improving Water Supplies

o $549 million from the accelerated expenditure of voter-approved bonds,
Proposition 84 and Proposition 1E, in the form of infrastructure grants for
local and regional projects that are already planned or partially completed to
increase local reliability, including recapturing of storm water, expanding the
use and distribution of recycled water, enhancing the management and recharging
of groundwater storage and strengthening water conservation.

o $30 million from the Greenhouse Gas Reduction Fund to the Department of Water
Resources (DWR) for direct expenditures and grants to state and local agencies
to improve water use efficiency, save energy and reduce greenhouse gas emissions
from state and local water transportation and management systems.

o $14 million for groundwater management across the state, including assistance
to disadvantaged communities with groundwater contamination exacerbated by the
drought.

o $10 million from the Greenhouse Gas Emissions Fund for the California
Department of Food and Agriculture to invest in irrigation and water pumping
systems that reduce water use, energy use and greenhouse gas emissions.

o $15 million from the General Fund for Emergency Drinking Water Fund to address
emergency water shortages due to drought.

o $13 million from the General Fund to augment the California Conservation Corps
and local community conservation corps to expand water use efficiency and
conservation activities and to reduce fuel loads to prevent catastrophic fires.

Assisting Californians Disproportionately Impacted by the Drought

o $25.3 million from the General Fund for food assistance, which will be
structured to maximize the potential federal drought assistance that can be
provided to provide food assistance to those impacted by the drought.

o $21 million from the General Fund and federal funds for housing related
assistance for individuals impacted by the drought.


With California facing one of the most severe droughts on record, Governor Brown
declared a drought State of Emergency in January and directed state officials to
take all necessary actions to prepare for water shortages, and the Governor,
joined by legislative leaders, announced legislation to immediately help
communities deal with the devastating dry conditions affecting our state and to
provide funding to increase local water supplies.

Governor Brown met with President Obama about crucial federal support during the
ongoing drought last month, and the state continues to work with federal
partners to ensure coordinated drought monitoring and response. Governor Brown
and the administration have also expressed support for federal legislation
introduced by Senators Feinstein and Boxer and Representatives Jim Costa, Tony
Cárdenas and Sam Farr.

Across state government, action is being taken. The Department of General
Services is leading water conservation efforts at state facilities, and the
California State Architect has asked California school districts and Community
Colleges to act on the Governor's call to reduce water usage. The Department of
Transportation is cutting water use along California's roadways by 50 percent.
Caltrans has also launched a public awareness campaign, putting a water
conservation message on their more than 700 electronic highway signs.

In January, the state took action to conserve water in numerous Northern
California reservoirs to meet minimum needs for operations impacting the
environment and the economy, and recently the Department of Water Resources and
U.S. Bureau of Reclamation announced they would seek the authority to make water
exchanges to deliver water to those who need it most. The State Water Resources
Control Board announced it would work with hydropower generators and the Federal
Energy Regulatory Commission to preserve water in California reservoirs.
Recently, the California Department of Fish and Wildlife and the California Fish
and Game Commission restricted fishing on some waterways due to low water flows
worsened by the drought.

The state is working to protect local communities from the dangers of extreme
drought. The California Department of Public Health identified and offered
assistance to communities at risk of severe drinking water shortages and is
working with other state and local agencies to develop solutions for vulnerable
communities. CAL FIRE hired additional firefighters and is continuously
adjusting staffing throughout the state to help address the increased fire
threat due to drought conditions. The California Department of Food and
Agriculture launched a drought website to help farmers, ranchers and farmworkers
find resources and assistance programs that may be available to them during the
drought.

Even as the state deals with the immediate impacts of the drought, it's also
planning for the future. Recently, the California Natural Resources Agency, the
California Environmental Protection Agency and CDFA released the California
Water Action Plan, which will guide state efforts to enhance water supply
reliability, restore damaged and destroyed ecosystems and improve the resilience
of our infrastructure.

Governor Brown has called on all Californians to voluntarily reduce their water
usage by 20 percent, and the Save Our Water campaign launched four public
service announcements encouraging residents to conserve and has resources
available in Spanish. Last December, the Governor formed a Drought Task Force to
review expected water allocations and California's preparedness for water
scarcity. In May 2013, Governor Brown issued an Executive Order to direct state
water officials to expedite the review and processing of voluntary transfers of
water.


For further information please visit: http://gov.ca.gov/

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              177 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Tenterfield Star

                               February 12, 2014

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 837  words


Deputy Premier Andrew Stoner and Minister for Primary Industries Katrina
Hodgkinson today announced additional assistance measures for drought-stricken
farmers in NSW.

The measures include the expansion of a temporary package of emergency
in-drought support measures to an additional 20 local government areas (LGAs)
and the far west Unincorporated Area in NSW.

In November 2013 the NSW Government announced a $7.6 million emergency
assistance package for the Bourke, Brewarrina and Walgett LGAs and today's
announcement increases the amount allocated to the support package to $14.6
million.

The temporary emergency assistance package will be expanded to include the LGAs
of: Armidale; Bogan; Central Darling; Cobar; Coonamble; Gilgandra; Glen Innes;
Gunnedah; Guyra; Gwydir; Inverell; Moree Plains; Narrabri; Tamworth Regional;
Tenterfield; Uralla; Walcha; Warren; and Warrumbungle, as well as Broken Hill
and the far west Unincorporated Area.

Ms Hodgkinson and Mr Stoner said the measures, which are back-dated to 1 January
2014 for all the LGAs ' with the exception of the Transport Assistance
Reimbursement for Bourke, Brewarrina and Walgett LGAs which is back-dated to 1
July 2013, include:

-up to $20,000 per producer in the form of a Transport Assistance Reimbursement;

-up to $30,000 per producer for Emergency Water Infrastructure Grants; and

-the waiving of Western Lands Lease payments, Local Land Services rates and Wild
Dog Destruction

Mr Stoner said the NSW Government's temporary measures are funded through to 30
June 2014, and called on the Commonwealth Government to urgently release details
of its proposed assistance package.

'The NSW Liberal &amp; Nationals Government has taken the extra steps to ensure
drought-affected communities and primary producers receive vital support,' Mr
Stoner said.

'While the NSW Government has expanded its assistance measures, there is a clear
need for the Commonwealth to now put forward a comprehensive package to assist
primary producers to respond to this drought.

'Despite our landholders being drought-prepared and on the front foot when it
comes to maximising their properties' water storage, this extreme weather has
delivered a real blow to their way of life.

'This comprehensive package will ensure these landholders and communities are
assisted now while they deal with this crisis.'

The expanded emergency assistance measures are in addition to assistance the NSW
Government has made available to all landholders in NSW, which includes:

-Transport Subsidies for Animal Welfare, focused on stock going to
saleorslaughter where there is significant risk to animal welfare, which will
remain while drought conditions persist; and slaughter where there is
significant risk to animal welfare, which will remain while drought conditions
persist; and

-previously increasing funding to the Rural Support Worker Program.

Ms Hodgkinson, who is this week touring drought-affected communities in northern
NSW, made the announcement in Tamworth with the Member for Tamworth, Kevin
Anderson, and the Member for Northern Tablelands, Adam Marshall.

'Seasonal conditions are deteriorating at a rapid rate across a large portion of
NSW and I am concerned at the severity and speed at which this drought is moving
across the landscape,' Ms Hodgkinson said.

'Farmers are in some cases being forced to drastically reduce stock numbers,
have been carting in feed and water for some time and have been forced to
offload livestock at reduced prices to saleyards and abattoirs, which are
reporting extremely high levels of throughout.

'While the NSW Government recognises that producers must make sound management
decisions and implement extensive preparedness measures to deal with adverse
seasonal conditions, no matter how well a farmer may prepare for drought, it is
impossible to completely drought-proof a property.'

Mr Marshall welcomed the extension of emergency assistance measures.

'Primary producers in the Northern Tablelands region are world class and have
prepared as well as they could for this drought, but as it has moved beyond any
reasonable level of preparedness, I know many will welcome this assistance
package,' he said.

Mr Anderson said the emergency drought assistance measures include funding to
appoint a Rural Support Worker based in Tamworth, with recruitment to begin
immediately.

'This new position will work with farm families and rural communities across the
New

England, Upper Hunter and Northern Tablelands ' using Tamworth as a base ' and I
look forward to someone being appointed as soon as possible,' he said.

The Regional Assistance Advisory Committee and Local Land Services will continue
to monitor seasonal conditions across NSW and will provide advice and
recommendations to the NSW Government as required.

For more information, visit<a target="_self"
href="http://www.dpi.nsw.gov.au/agriculture/emergency/drought/managing"
title="Link: http://www.dpi.nsw.gov.au/agriculture/emergency
/drought/managing">www.dpi.nsw.gov.au/agriculture/emergency/drought/managing</a>

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2014 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              178 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 Inverell Times

                               February 12, 2014

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 824  words


Deputy Premier Andrew Stoner and Minister for Primary Industries Katrina
Hodgkinson today announced additional assistance measures for drought-stricken
farmers in NSW.

The measures include the expansion of a temporary package of emergency
in-drought support measures to an additional 20 local government areas (LGAs)
and the far west Unincorporated Area in NSW.

In November 2013 the NSW Government announced a $7.6 million emergency
assistance package for the Bourke, Brewarrina and Walgett LGAs and today's
announcement increases the amount allocated to the support package to $14.6
million.

The temporary emergency assistance package will be expanded to include the LGAs
of: Armidale; Bogan; Central Darling; Cobar; Coonamble; Gilgandra; Glen Innes;
Gunnedah; Guyra; Gwydir; Inverell; Moree Plains; Narrabri; Tamworth Regional;
Tenterfield; Uralla; Walcha; Warren; and Warrumbungle, as well as Broken Hill
and the far west Unincorporated Area.

Ms Hodgkinson and Mr Stoner said the measures, which are back-dated to 1 January
2014 for all the LGAs ' with the exception of the Transport Assistance
Reimbursement for Bourke, Brewarrina and Walgett LGAs which is back-dated to 1
July 2013, include:

-up to $20,000 per producer in the form of a Transport Assistance Reimbursement;

-up to $30,000 per producer for Emergency Water Infrastructure Grants; and

-the waiving of Western Lands Lease payments, Local Land Services rates and Wild
Dog Destruction

Mr Stoner said the NSW Government's temporary measures are funded through to 30
June 2014, and called on the Commonwealth Government to urgently release details
of its proposed assistance package.

'The NSW Liberal &amp; Nationals Government has taken the extra steps to ensure
drought-affected communities and primary producers receive vital support,' Mr
Stoner said.

'While the NSW Government has expanded its assistance measures, there is a clear
need for the Commonwealth to now put forward a comprehensive package to assist
primary producers to respond to this drought.

'Despite our landholders being drought-prepared and on the front foot when it
comes to maximising their properties' water storage, this extreme weather has
delivered a real blow to their way of life.

'This comprehensive package will ensure these landholders and communities are
assisted now while they deal with this crisis.'

The expanded emergency assistance measures are in addition to assistance the NSW
Government has made available to all landholders in NSW, which includes:

-Transport Subsidies for Animal Welfare, focused on stock going to
saleorslaughter where there is significant risk to animal welfare, which will
remain while drought conditions persist; and slaughter where there is
significant risk to animal welfare, which will remain while drought conditions
persist; and

-previously increasing funding to the Rural Support Worker Program.

Ms Hodgkinson, who is this week touring drought-affected communities in northern
NSW, made the announcement in Tamworth with the Member for Tamworth, Kevin
Anderson, and the Member for Northern Tablelands, Adam Marshall.

'Seasonal conditions are deteriorating at a rapid rate across a large portion of
NSW and I am concerned at the severity and speed at which this drought is moving
across the landscape,' Ms Hodgkinson said.

'Farmers are in some cases being forced to drastically reduce stock numbers,
have been carting in feed and water for some time and have been forced to
offload livestock at reduced prices to saleyards and abattoirs, which are
reporting extremely high levels of throughout.

'While the NSW Government recognises that producers must make sound management
decisions and implement extensive preparedness measures to deal with adverse
seasonal conditions, no matter how well a farmer may prepare for drought, it is
impossible to completely drought-proof a property.'

Mr Marshall welcomed the extension of emergency assistance measures.

'Primary producers in the Northern Tablelands region are world class and have
prepared as well as they could for this drought, but as it has moved beyond any
reasonable level of preparedness, I know many will welcome this assistance
package,' he said.

Mr Anderson said the emergency drought assistance measures include funding to
appoint a Rural Support Worker based in Tamworth, with recruitment to begin
immediately.

'This new position will work with farm families and rural communities across the
New

England, Upper Hunter and Northern Tablelands ' using Tamworth as a base ' and I
look forward to someone being appointed as soon as possible,' he said.

The Regional Assistance Advisory Committee and Local Land Services will continue
to monitor seasonal conditions across NSW and will provide advice and
recommendations to the NSW Government as required.

For more information, visit <a target="_self"
href="http://www.dpi.nsw.gov.au/agriculture/emergency
/drought/managing">www.dpi.nsw.gov.au/agriculture/emergency/drought/managing</a>

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2014 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              179 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Balochistan Times (AsiaNet)

                             October 8, 2010 Friday

Saudi Fund for Development and UNICEF sign MoU for Humanitarian Aid to Pakistan

SECTION: Vol. XXXIV No. 278

LENGTH: 356  words


The Saudi Fund for Development (SFD) of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia will provide
a grant of US$ 23.3 million to the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF) for
humanitarian activities in Pakistan. A Memorandum of Understanding (MoU), to
this effect, was signed here on Friday.  "This grant by the Government of Saudi
Arabia is for urgent support to maternal and child healthcare, nutrition
services for children and pregnant women, and providing safe drinking water and
adequate sanitation facilities in the IDP camps", said Engineer, Mohamed Al
Arifi, head of the SFD delegation.

"Saudi Government has always shown its desire to provide financial assistance to
Pakistan on Humanitarian grounds. This relief assistance comes under the Kingdom
of Saudi Arabia's pledge of US$ 100 million to the IDPs", he added.  In 2009,
mass displacement of population took place as a result of militancy in
north-western Pakistan. Nearly three million people were displaced of which many
still reside in camps and with host communities. The SFD grant will go towards
UNICEF's ongoing humanitarian assistance for populations affected in Khyber
Pakhtunkhwa and the Federally Administered Tribal Areas (FATA).  "This generous
donation by SFD will go a long way in helping UNICEF to continue to provide
improved and expanded services in the areas of health, education, drinking water
, sanitation and hygiene to women and children affected by militancy in
north-western Pakistan", said Daniel Toole, Regional Director for South Asia and
Special Representative for UNICEF in Pakistan.  "Successive emergencies in
Pakistan pose a greater challenge for humanitarian organisations and additional
funds are needed for a sustained response. As we actively serve populations
affected by the recent floods, we must not forget those who were already
displaced and distressed due to the earlier emergency and may have taken a
double blow".

UNICEF will use the Saudi funds for procuring school supplies, preventive and
curative health services, provision of safe drinking water, sanitation
facilities and restoration of damaged public sector schools and health centres.

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 The Balochistan Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              180 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Balochistan Times (AsiaNet)

                             October 8, 2010 Friday

Saudi Fund for Development and UNICEF sign MOU for Humanitarian Aid to Pakistan

SECTION: Vol. XXXIV No. 278

LENGTH: 356  words


The Saudi Fund for Development (SFD) of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia will provide
a grant of US$ 23.3 million to the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF) for
humanitarian activities in Pakistan. A Memorandum of Understanding (MoU), to
this effect, was signed here on Friday.  "This grant by the Government of Saudi
Arabia is for urgent support to maternal and child healthcare, nutrition
services for children and pregnant women, and providing safe drinking water and
adequate sanitation facilities in the IDP camps", said Engineer, Mohamed Al
Arifi, head of the SFD delegation.

"Saudi Government has always shown its desire to provide financial assistance to
Pakistan on Humanitarian grounds. This relief assistance comes under the Kingdom
of Saudi Arabia's pledge of US$ 100 million to the IDPs", he added.  In 2009,
mass displacement of population took place as a result of militancy in
north-western Pakistan. Nearly three million people were displaced of which many
still reside in camps and with host communities. The SFD grant will go towards
UNICEF's ongoing humanitarian assistance for populations affected in Khyber
Pakhtunkhwa and the Federally Administered Tribal Areas (FATA).

"This generous donation by SFD will go a long way in helping UNICEF to continue
to provide improved and expanded services in the areas of health, education,
drinking water, sanitation and hygiene to women and children affected by
militancy in north-western Pakistan", said Daniel Toole, Regional Director for
South Asia and Special Representative for UNICEF in Pakistan.  "Successive
emergencies in Pakistan pose a greater challenge for humanitarian organisations
and additional funds are needed for a sustained response. As we actively serve
populations affected by the recent floods, we must not forget those who were
already displaced and distressed due to the earlier emergency and may have taken
a double blow".

UNICEF will use the Saudi funds for procuring school supplies, preventive and
curative health services, provision of safe drinking water, sanitation
facilities and restoration of damaged public sector schools and health centres.

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 The Balochistan Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              181 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            August 16, 2001 Thursday
                              Correction Appended
                                 Final Edition

Health Hazards Are Concern as D.C. Flood Cleanup Continues

BYLINE: Avram Goldstein and Andrew DeMillo, Washington Post Staff Writers

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 898 words


District officials stepped up efforts to control rats and disease-carrying
mosquitoes yesterday in the aftermath of weekend storms that left hundreds of
residents trying to figure out how to clean homes flooded by storm waters
contaminated with raw sewage.

An estimated 600 homes are uninhabitable, according to American Red Cross
officials. The local Red Cross chapter opened a shelter for residents made
homeless by the torrential rainstorm, which the city said caused an accumulation
of four to five feet of water on some D.C. streets.

District emergency management officials said that by the end of the week they
expect President Bush to accept the city's request to declare the District a
disaster zone. That would make businesses and residents eligible for grants and
low-interest loans after they exhaust private insurance benefits.

If federal disaster relief is approved, individual assistance will consist of
low-interest loans, cash grants of up to $ 13,900, housing assistance, veterans
benefits and tax refunds. Small business assistance would include low-interest
loans for small businesses, which could apply for up to $ 1.5 million.

The hardest-hit neighborhoods were Bloomingdale, Dupont Circle and LeDroit Park,
but officials said the disaster aid would be available to owners of any
flood-damaged property in the District.

Officials said they have thus far received no reports of medical emergencies
related to the flooding. But health authorities said they have increased their
baiting of rodent traps in areas where storm waters flooded rat burrows -- which
will probably drive the rodents to other areas.

Health officials also are concerned about mosquitoes that could carry West Nile
virus. Theodore Gordon, the Health Department's deputy director for operations,
said the city has begun spraying larvicides on catch basins, ponds and other
places where mosquito eggs grow into the disease-carrying insects. The agency
has launched a door-to-door education campaign reminding residents not to leave
standing water around their homes.

Many residents were aghast at the health hazards dumped into their homes by the
floodwaters.

Fitzgerald White, who lives in the 100 block of U Street NW, wore latex gloves
as he cleared damaged clothing, records and appliances from his basement. White,
36, said he found dead rats floating with trash and raw sewage.

"It's just terrible," White said. "You can't escape a smell like this."

Rodney Chambers, who lives in a basement apartment nearby, wore gloves and a
paper mask as he tried to salvage his belongings.

"We're not touching anything here with our bare hands," he said. "We've pretty
much given up on trying to clean this place. You can't do it."

Mayor Anthony A. Williams (D), decked out in the kind of head-to-toe protective
gear that health officials are urging flood victims to wear when they clean
their homes, assisted volunteers hauling ruined carpets and bedding from six
homes around the 2200 block of Flagler Place NW.

Williams said the displaced residents desperately need help to recover from the
worst flooding in the District since World War II.

"God helps those who help themselves," Williams said. "We're joining together as
a community and healing as a community."

Peter G. LaPorte, the city's Emergency Management Agency director, said he
expects about 1,000 volunteers to turn out this weekend to help empty out
basements and haul debris from homes.

"The need for volunteers is acute," he said. "You can just walk down the street
and you'll hear people yell out asking for help. . . . This need will only
grow."

The National Capital Chapter of the American Red Cross sent volunteers
door-to-door to hand out mops, buckets and toiletries. The agency's temporary
shelter, which opened Tuesday night at the Marie H. Reed Community Learning
Center, at 2200 Champlain St. NW, offers shelter to people who have been
sleeping on porches, in back yards or in cars because their homes are
uninhabitable.

Six people from two families who live in the K Street NE area signed up to stay
at the shelter last night, said Red Cross spokeswoman Carrie Martin.

More than 50 Red Cross volunteers have come from as far as California to assist
flood victims. The organization expects to hand out more than $ 385,000 in
assistance to victims in the form of vouchers for groceries and prescription
drugs, said Linda C. Mathes, the chapter's chief executive.

The Health Department said that it would deploy three vans staffed by medical
workers to provide health information to flood victims and to refer them to
doctors or hospitals if they need care.

"If someone has something that needs to be looked at, we will do that and direct
them to the appropriate facility," said Larry Siegel, the Health Department's
deputy director for medical affairs.

The vans will be staffed from 9 a.m. to 9 p.m. at Rhode Island Avenue and First
Street NW and 117 Seton Pl. NW, and from 1 to 9 p.m. at 16th and Corcoran
streets NW.

For information on how to volunteer to help flooding victims, call the city's
main phone center at 202-727-1000. Cleaning supplies and other items can be
dropped off from 9 a.m. to 8 p.m. at St. Martin's Catholic Church, 1908 North
Capitol St. NW. To contribute to the American Red Cross disaster relief efforts
in the District, call 800-435-7669 for English or 800-257-7575 for Spanish.

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: August 17, 2001, Friday



CORRECTION: An Aug. 16 article about flood damage in the District erroneously
reported that city officials sprayed larvicide in catch basins and ponds to kill
the eggs of disease-carrying mosquitoes. Officials do not spray the larvicide.
It comes in a dry form that dissolves when dropped into water in a device known
as a "dunk."

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2001 The Washington Post


                              182 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            August 16, 2001 Thursday
                              Correction Appended
                                 Final Edition

D.C. Cleanup Focuses on Health;
Sickness and Pests Are Big Concerns in Aftermath of Flood

BYLINE: Avram Goldstein and Andrew DeMillo, Washington Post Staff Writers

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 898 words


District officials stepped up efforts to control rats and disease-carrying
mosquitoes yesterday in the aftermath of weekend storms that left hundreds of
residents trying to figure out how to clean homes flooded by storm waters
contaminated with raw sewage.

An estimated 600 homes are uninhabitable, according to American Red Cross
officials. The local Red Cross chapter opened a shelter for residents made
homeless by the torrential rainstorm, which the city said caused an accumulation
of four to five feet of water on some D.C. streets.

District emergency management officials said that by the end of the week they
expect President Bush to accept the city's request to declare the District a
disaster zone. That would make businesses and residents eligible for grants and
low-interest loans after they exhaust private insurance benefits.

If federal disaster relief is approved, individual assistance will consist of
low-interest loans, cash grants of up to $ 13,900, housing assistance, veterans
benefits and tax refunds. Small business assistance would include low-interest
loans for small businesses, which could apply for up to $ 1.5 million.

The hardest-hit neighborhoods were Bloomingdale, Dupont Circle and LeDroit Park,
but officials said the disaster aid would be available to owners of any
flood-damaged property in the District.

Officials said they have thus far received no reports of medical emergencies
related to the flooding. But health authorities said they have increased their
baiting of rodent traps in areas where storm waters flooded rat burrows -- which
will probably drive the rodents to other areas.

Health officials also are concerned about mosquitoes that could carry West Nile
virus. Theodore Gordon, the Health Department's deputy director for operations,
said the city has begun spraying larvicides on catch basins, ponds and other
places where mosquito eggs grow into the disease-carrying insects. The agency
has launched a door-to-door education campaign reminding residents not to leave
standing water around their homes.

Many residents were aghast at the health hazards dumped into their homes by the
floodwaters.

Fitzgerald White, who lives in the 100 block of U Street NW, wore latex gloves
as he cleared damaged clothing, records and appliances from his basement. White,
36, said he found dead rats floating with trash and raw sewage.

"It's just terrible," White said. "You can't escape a smell like this."

Rodney Chambers, who lives in a basement apartment nearby, wore gloves and a
paper mask as he tried to salvage his belongings.

"We're not touching anything here with our bare hands," he said. "We've pretty
much given up on trying to clean this place. You can't do it."

Mayor Anthony A. Williams (D), decked out in the kind of head-to-toe protective
gear that health officials are urging flood victims to wear when they clean
their homes, assisted volunteers hauling ruined carpets and bedding from six
homes around the 2200 block of Flagler Place NW.

Williams said the displaced residents desperately need help to recover from the
worst flooding in the District since World War II.

"God helps those who help themselves," Williams said. "We're joining together as
a community and healing as a community."

Peter G. LaPorte, the city's Emergency Management Agency director, said he
expects about 1,000 volunteers to turn out this weekend to help empty out
basements and haul debris from homes.

"The need for volunteers is acute," he said. "You can just walk down the street
and you'll hear people yell out asking for help. . . . This need will only
grow."

The National Capital Chapter of the American Red Cross sent volunteers
door-to-door to hand out mops, buckets and toiletries. The agency's temporary
shelter, which opened Tuesday night at the Marie H. Reed Community Learning
Center, at 2200 Champlain St. NW, offers shelter to people who have been
sleeping on porches, in back yards or in cars because their homes are
uninhabitable.

Six people from two families who live in the K Street NE area signed up to stay
at the shelter last night, said Red Cross spokeswoman Carrie Martin.

More than 50 Red Cross volunteers have come from as far as California to assist
flood victims. The organization expects to hand out more than $ 385,000 in
assistance to victims in the form of vouchers for groceries and prescription
drugs, said Linda C. Mathes, the chapter's chief executive.

The Health Department said that it would deploy three vans staffed by medical
workers to provide health information to flood victims and to refer them to
doctors or hospitals if they need care.

"If someone has something that needs to be looked at, we will do that and direct
them to the appropriate facility," said Larry Siegel, the Health Department's
deputy director for medical affairs.

The vans will be staffed from 9 a.m. to 9 p.m. at Rhode Island Avenue and First
Street NW and 117 Seton Pl. NW, and from 1 to 9 p.m. at 16th and Corcoran
streets NW.

For information on how to volunteer to help flooding victims, call the city's
main phone center at 202-727-1000. Cleaning supplies and other items can be
dropped off from 9 a.m. to 8 p.m. at St. Martin's Catholic Church, 1908 North
Capitol St. NW. To contribute to the American Red Cross disaster relief efforts
in the District, call 800-435-7669 for English or 800-257-7575 for Spanish.

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: August 17, 2001, Friday



CORRECTION: An Aug. 16 article about flood damage in the District erroneously
reported that city officials sprayed larvicide in catch basins and ponds to kill
the eggs of disease-carrying mosquitoes. Officials do not spray the larvicide.
It comes in a dry form that dissolves when dropped into water in a device known
as a "dunk."

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2001 The Washington Post


                              183 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                      IBNS

                        May 17, 2016 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

One hundred babies born every day in areas worst hit by Ecuador quake - UNICEF

BYLINE: India Blooms News Service

LENGTH: 823  words


New York, May 17 (Just Earth News): The United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF)
on Monday reported that on average, up to 100 babies are born every day in
Esmeraldas and Manabi, the provinces worst hit by the Ecuador earthquake.

In a region where one in five children suffers from diarrhoea and chronic
malnutrition, it is essential to provide these babies with the basic needs to
survive and thrive, said Grant Leaity, UNICEF Representative in Ecuador, in a
press release. The earthquake, which hit the country on 16 April, killed 660
people, destroyed water systems and affected 33 health centres half of which are
not operational. The earthquake also damaged or destroyed some 560 schools and
close to 10,000 buildings. According to UNICEF, an immediate response led by the
Government is allowing 75 per cent of children to return to school and providing
an integrated response to over 30,000 people living in official shelters,
including basic assistance, medical and psychological support. With help from
UNICEF, access to safe water was restored in Jama and Pedernales, the two worst
hit towns by the earthquake. However, one month on, thousands more people are
staying in informal shelters which lack basic services, and 120,000 children are
in urgent need of temporary educational spaces. UNICEF announced it is working
with the Government and other partners to assist the most vulnerable populations
by undertaking the following actions: With the Ministry of Education, installing
temporary learning spaces for 20,000 children and distributing 750
school-in-a-box kits to benefit 60,000 children. The first temporary learning
spaces are already open in Pedernales and Jama with capacity to receive 5,600
children, and additional spaces are now being installed in Pedernales, Jama,
Matal, Chorerra and Muisne. With the National Water Authority and local
municipalities, setting up water and sanitation services in shelters for
displaced persons and temporary schools, and providing safe water and hygiene
services in areas where the water grid has been damaged. With the Ministry of
Social Inclusion, providing psychosocial support and promoting sports and
cultural activities for children and adolescents to contribute to their
emotional recovery. Supporting the Ministry of Health to establish protocols for
acute malnutrition screening; develop community messaging for the prevention of
vector-borne diseases such as Zika, Dengue and Chikungunya; provide
micronutrients and vitamin A for nutrition, zinc and oral rehydration salts for
diarrhoea; provide tents to replace damaged health facilities; and provide
temporary health posts close to shelters. Baby friendly spaces will also be set
up in Pedernales, Jama and Muise. However, UNICEF warned that funding for this
assistance remains extremely low. The agency alone will need $15 million to meet
the needs of 250,000 children until mid-July. So far, it has received only 15
per cent of this amount. If the donor community does not step up its support, we
will be failing thousands of children, Grant said. In related news on Monday,
Stephen OBrien, Under-Secretary-General for Humanitarian Affairs and Emergency
Relief Coordinator, underscored that, one month since the earthquake, hundreds
of thousands of people remain affected. When I visited the affected region three
days after the earthquake, I met people who had lost family members, seen their
homes flattened or suffered horrific injuries. One month on, their needs are
still acute and these communities are still struggling to get back to normal
daily life, OBrien said in a statement. Government recovery programmes are
beginning but will take time to reach everyone. Some people will need assistance
for a very long time. However, I am optimistic that the strong spirit of
resilience I saw will help them get through this, he added. OBrien said that
government and local responders have been supporting the displaced families, who
need temporary shelter, food and water, emergency health care and other
necessities. Regional and international aid agencies have been working together
to enhance the national humanitarian operation, offering expert staff, supplies
and equipment. Urging the international community to continue to support the
Government and the Ecuadorean people as they deal with the consequences of this
disaster, the Under-Secretary-General lamented that the appeal launched on 22
April remains less than 15 per cent funded. He noted that at the World
Humanitarian Summit later this week, people from across the world will come to
Istanbul expecting world leaders to make major commitments to prevent natural
disasters from becoming tragedies. Supporting initiatives like the Global
Preparedness Partnership and the Global Alliance for Urban Crises will help us
prevent, prepare for and respond better to the crises of the future, OBrien
said. UNICEF/UN018164/Reinoso Source: www.justearthnews.com

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


            Copyright 2016 India Blooms., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              184 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Greeley Tribune (Colorado)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            March 15, 2014 Saturday

More flood relief money on the way for Weld communities

BYLINE: Analisa Romano, Greeley Tribune, Colo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 607 words


March 15--More money is in the pipeline for flood recovery in Colorado, federal
officials announced on Friday.

Following a $62.8 million allocation in December, the U.S. Department of Housing
and Urban Development announced $199.3 million more in emergency relief funds to
go toward flood-affected communities and businesses.

The money will be doled out by the state, meaning community leaders in Weld
County don't yet know exactly how much will come here.

Still, the state is required to spend 80 percent of the HUD money in Weld,
Boulder and Larimer counties.

Roy Rudisill, director of the Weld County Office of Emergency Management, said
the state's allocation plan must first be approved at the federal level before
he knows whether the county will be eligible to apply for funds.

In the first round of funding, the Colorado Department of Local Affairs
designated 43 percent for housing, 32 percent for infrastructure and 25 percent
for economic recovery. The Community Development Block Grant Disaster Recovery
funds, as they are called, are meant for needs not met by the Federal Emergency
Management Agency or other resources.

Tom Teixeira, director of the Greeley-Weld Housing Authority, has said he will
apply for temporary rent assistance to help families for up to 24 months. The
assistance would likely be for something similar to Section 8 vouchers.

Teixeira said the Greeley Area Habitat for Humanity will also apply for money
for infill housing and Evans' Bella Vista Mobile Home Park, which was destroyed
in the flood, may apply for assistance to construct a complex.

The funding was touted by lawmakers from Colorado, including U.S. Rep. Cory
Gardner, who joined other lawmakers and pushed for the additional money earlier
this year.

However, Gardner voted against the original bill authorizing the emergency money
in the Disaster Relief Appropriations Act of 2013 -- otherwise known as the
Hurricane Sandy relief package.

He and other Colorado GOP lawmakers drew criticism last fall from some New
Jersey delegation members for rejecting the package and then seeking flood
relief.

Emily Hytha, a spokeswoman for Gardner's office, said Gardner voted against the
appropriation because of a $33 billion amendment that was "loaded with wasteful
spending," including $150 million that would go toward Alaskan fisheries
indirectly affected by Hurricane Sandy.

At the same time, Hytha said Gardner proposed a $125 million amendment for
emergency watershed protection in Colorado following the 2012 wildfires, but
that amendment did not get any consideration. She said Gardner did vote for a
$17 billion amendment in the appropriation to give immediate assistance to
Hurricane Sandy victims.

The second round of HUD funding must go through the same process as the first,
in which the state develops a plan on how to dole out the money.

In the last round, state officials created a myriad of programs to address
different needs:

--Seven programs to address housing issues, including repair, new construction,
rental assistance, debris removal, redevelopment costs and a small portion for
private roads and bridges.

--Four programs to address the economy, including grant programs for any need
related to the flood, low-interest loans, a grant to promote tourism in
flood-ravaged communities and grants to get agricultural producers back on their
feet.

--Grants for local agencies that can't afford the required local match that
accompanies most federal assistance as they repair infrastructure.

___ (c)2014 the Greeley Tribune (Greeley, Colo.) Visit the Greeley Tribune
(Greeley, Colo.) at www.greeleytribune.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140315-GY-More-flood-relief-money-on-the-way-for-Weld-communities
-0315-20140315

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GY


                         Copyright 2014 Greeley Tribune


                              185 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 BusinessWorld

                           December 29, 2011 Thursday

Sendong victims to benefit from additional fund release

BYLINE: Diane Claire J. Jiao and Aubrey E. Barrameda

SECTION: Pg. S1/11

LENGTH: 589 words


THE DEPARTMENT OF BUDGET and Management (DBM) has released P336.8 million to the
Department of Social Welfare and Development (DSWD) to support ongoing recovery
efforts for the victims of tropical storm Sendong (international name: Washi),
even as foreign aid continues to pour in.

Budget Secretary Florencio B. Abad, in a statement yesterday, said that the
newest fund release will allow the DSWD to "deliver early recovery services to
affected communities and help Sendong-stricken families rise to their feet,
especially those living in Northern Mindanao and Central Visayas."

A total of P668.3 million will go to the DSWD's Shelter Assistance program which
provides financial and material aid to families with damaged houses.

As of Dec. 25, there were 35,022 damaged houses in the wake of tropical storm
Sendong, government data showed. Roughly 13,500 families are currently sheltered
in 53 evacuation centers across the country.

The Sustainable Livelihood Assistance program will also receive P136.2 million
to create jobs for Sendong victims and help them develop sustainable income
sources.

In addition, the DSWD will give out P12.75 million in financial assistance to
families with missing or injured members.

Meanwhile, the Cash-for-Work initiative will receive P40.69 million, providing
cash grants for those who participate in community rehabilitation projects,
including the repair of community facilities, clearing of roads, waterway
dredging, coastal clean-ups, communal gardening and food production.

"Besides providing material and financial support, the DSWD is also offering
psychosocial intervention services to families and individuals suffering from
emotional distress and trauma," Mr. Abad said.

The Budget department has now released a total of P858 million from the DSWD's
Calamity Fund to launch rehabilitation activities for some 73,529 affected
families in Misamis Oriental, Lanao del Norte and Negros Oriental.

The DSWD should be able to substantially address the evacuees' basic needs, said
Mr. Abad.

"For instance, we will have to move very fast in transferring the families
currently evacuated in schoolbuildings, so that they can move into proper
transitional shelters before school resumes in Jan. 3," he explained.

Tropical storm Sendong entered the country two weeks ago, battering Central
Visayas and Northern Mindanao. It left about 1,200 people dead and P1.1 billion
worth of damages to agriculture and infrastructure.

In a separate development, the Korean and Italian governments have extended
assistance, while Japan has decided to augment the emergency assistance it had
earlier provided.

In a statement issued yesterday, the Korean embassy said $500,000 worth of
donation goods arrived in the country last Saturday.

The donation goods - which include tents, towels, chicken and beef fried rice
sets, and water purification tablets - are expected to reach Cagayan de Oro this
morning.

The Italian government, on the other hand, arranged for "an emergency
humanitarian flight" that delivered 40 tons of relief goods to Cagayan de Oro on
Dec. 27.

"The value of assistance operation is around E500,000 (or $653,500)," the
Italian embassy's statement released yesterday said.

The Japanese government, for its part, has decided to provide an emergency grant
aid worth $2 million on top of the estimated $321,575 to Sendong victims last
Monday.

"This emergency assistance aims to provide urgently needed food and water, and
support for repairing the damaged houses," the Japanese embassy said in a
statement yesterday.

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2011 BusinessWorld Publishing Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              186 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                           October 30, 1997 Thursday
                                  Late Edition

PNG famine may prove too big for Australia to handle

BYLINE: Geoffrey Barker

SECTION: NEWS; International News; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 583 words


Papua New Guinea's worsening drought and famine threatens to swamp Australia's
and Papua New Guinea's capacity to supply and deliver emergency food and water
to more than 500,000 villagers facing starvation.

Despite assurances from the Foreign Affairs Minister, Mr Alexander Downer, that
Australia will do "whatever it takes" to assist PNG, senior AusAID officials are
concerned at the potential scale of the crisis if rains fail again between the
end of November and next April.

The crisis tops the agenda at the 10th annual Australia-PNG Ministerial Forum in
Alotau tomorrow where Mr Downer is expected to offer to expand further
Australian assistance if requested by PNG.

Already the PNG Minister for Provincial and Local Government Affairs, Mr Simon
Kaumi, has appealed to international aid donors for more emergency assistance
and AusAID officials are quietly encouraging greater involvement by
non-government organisations and other foreign governments.

New Zealand, the US and the UK have already announced grants of emergency aid,
and Japan is expected to join the international effort soon. But, so far,
Australia has been alone at the forefront of investigating the scale of the
crisis and planning and carrying out emergency food deliveries.

While Australia is easily PNG's biggest aid donor, Australian and PNG officials
are increasingly concerned about the capacity of Australia to handle the
potential scale of the crisis if the usual November to April rains fail again
and protracted emergency food aid is required for more than 500,000 people.

At present, one RAAF Hercules, three Caribous and three Black Hawk helicopters
are delivering emergency supplies of rice, flour and oil to the hardest-hit
communities, and plans are afoot to expand the airlift.

While the PNG government still has sufficient reserves to purchase food for
distribution, the situation will become grave if the current El Nino weather
pattern does not abate soon. The drought has been getting worse since last
January and one official described life in rural areas as "bloody difficult,
very tough".

"It has more in common with Central Australia than the PNG we know", he said.

A report prepared for AusAID by Australian National University agronomists, Dr
Mike Bourke and Dr Bryant Allen, stresses that the the current drought,
accompanied by severe highland frosts and widespread bushfires, is possibly the
most severe and prolonged for a century.

The report says about 150,000 people are now in a critical life-threatening
situation with effectively noting to eat. A further 175,000 people are eating
only small amounts of rapidly diminishing food from their gardens and many will
have nothing within a month.

Another 220,000 will have used their stocks of food within two months.

"Thus, about 540,000 rural Papua New Guineans have have insufficient subsistence
food supplies or cash income with which to purchase food," the report says.

To compound the suffering, PNG is suffering severe widespread water shortages
and about 130,000 rural villagers have insufficient water. The Allen-Bourke
report notes that many people have been forced to drink river water contaminated
by human and animal waste, and there is evidence of increasing diarrhoeal
infections.

"The burden of carrying water is particularly severe on women and girls who are
often stressed by inadequate diet and anxiety about the health of their
children," the report says.

"Over the whole country almost nobody is using water from normal sources", it
says.

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illus: PNG children receive biscuits from RAAF personnel.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 1997 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              187 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         Portola Reporter (California)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                August 12, 2015

City cashes in on improvement grants

BYLINE: The Portola Reporter staff

LENGTH: 911  words


The city of Portola staff is in high gear obtaining funds to improve the town.

The hard work and dedication of the staff and grant writers have begun to pay
off with more than $1 million flowing into the city's coffers this summer to
fund improvement projects around town.

The process for identifying what type of grants to search for begins early with
the city council. The prioritization of needs, the search, grant submissions,
review periods, notification of approval and final funding of the awards take
time; often lots of time and lots of red tape.

In the end, the work is paying off; paying off not only in the additional
funding gained, but in benefits to residents visible in their daily life.

In this case, planning began in late 2013, with the city council taking a look
at what types of grants may be available.

In February 2014, the council came up with annual goals for the city, which
began the budgeting process.

In some of the grant opportunities, the work must be "shovel ready." Shovel
ready means that all of the planning, engineering, and most of the
pre-construction work is complete. Usually those up-front costs are not
reimbursable through the grant so the project construction should be a priority.

Another complication in obtaining grants is that the organizations offering
grants use different population data to determine community profiles such as
income. For example, some grants simply use the 96122 ZIP code to determine
income profiles for the community.

The challenge with this approach, according to City Manager Robert Meacher, is
that the ZIP code not only includes the more economically disadvantaged areas
within the city limits, but also includes the very affluent areas of Gold
Mountain, Lake Davis and Grizzly Ranch. Those areas may skew the reality of the
hardships present within the city limits.

On Aug. 5, city staff attended a "funding fair" in Truckee, which brought
together a variety of state agencies that offer programs for grant funding.

Through this event, city staff discovered that the state may provide technical
assistance for two current grants in progress and for assistance on the
submission of future grants as well. Planning Director Karen Downs and Meacher
were unanimous in the opinion that the event in Truckee was worth their time and
energy to attend.

The state funding options are very attractive to city officials as they stated
that these funds are closer at hand, as opposed to the Community Development
Block Grant funds available through federal agencies.

"The CDBG funds are loaded with red tape and it is difficult to obtain that
funding," Downs said. She added that CDBG funds are "pretty specific and there
is a high learning curve for the process that changes daily. There are only
certain types of things that the funds can be used for."

Despite the difficult process, four CDBG projects were recently approved,
including the project on Ridge Street, the ADA improvements to city park
facilities, acquisition of Emergency Medical Service rescue vehicles, and the
Joy Way water control valve retrofit.

A $217,000 grant will fund the purchase of a fire truck and two rescue rigs.
With 90 percent of emergency calls being medical, according to Meacher, this
will allow an emergency medical technician to be placed on the rig if necessary.

The vehicles will be more "tactical" in nature, requiring less crew than a
traditional full size fire truck. After discussing the situation with the fire
chief, city staff decided it made more sense. "We can provide a higher level of
service, quicker response time and a cost savings to the City -- it's a
win-win," said Meacher.

The City is taking a proactive approach with citywide Americans with
Disabilities Act (ADA) upgrades. The parks will be the primary location for the
work with new pathways, surfaces and ramps.

Work will begin on new ADA pathways and bark around the playground at the city
park, as well as the pathways from the pool to the restrooms. The horseshoe pits
will be improved and the ramp at the caboose located downtown will be redone to
reduce the grade on the ramp.

The Joy Way water control valve retrofit will benefit the whole city, according
to Meacher, but specifically residents north of Joy Way who will avoid future
water pressure problems.

"The more water the City draws south of Joy Way -- the less pressure those on
the north are getting," said Meacher. "The retrofit will serve the greatest
benefit once the Woodbridge development is completed."

In addition to the CDBG grants, Portola was one of only two cities in the state
chosen for a competitive grant program issued by the state's Department of
Labor.

The grant, administered by the Alliance for Workforce Development in Quincy,
awarded an employment grant to the City for the hiring of seven workers.

Those workers will be utilized to implement several drought-related projects
that will not only reduce the City's water consumption, but improve the general
appearance of city property.

The plan is to improve the areas by adding rain collection areas, drought
resistant landscaping, changing the slope of the terrain and adding plastic
sheets under landscaping so weeds will not proliferate.

The basketball park, the tennis courts, the strip of grass along the road by the
bicycle wash area, the area behind the volleyball court, the landscaped strip at
Gulling and First streets and the island park just before the Canyon Bar and
Grill are all locations slated for the upgrades.

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: POR

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2015 Portola Reporter


                              188 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Valley Morning Star (Harlingen, Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           August 17, 2011 Wednesday

La Feria to build $1.25M indoor recreation center

BYLINE: Allen Essex, Valley Morning Star, Harlingen, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 475 words


Aug. 17--LA FERIA -- Construction will begin in October on a $1.25 million
indoor recreation center south of the Veterans Memorial Park and sports complex.

Mayor Steve Brewer said the city owns 7 acres that will be used for the project.

"It will have a 17,000-square-foot gym and recreation center," Brewer said.

The center will be built with $973,673 from Texas Parks and Wildlife Department
and U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development grants, and $276,327 in
local funds, according to a report by City Manager Sunny Philip.

Altogether, the city has $59 million in capital improvement projects in the
works, funded by grants, grant-loan packages and local funds, Brewer said.

"It's almost $60 million in grants and the city has only had to match $5.5
million," the mayor said. "That's a pretty good bang for the buck."

Other projects include $1.12 million in water treatment plant improvements, with
$900,000 in grant funds, Philip said.

Also, $1.12 million is being spent on sewage treatment improvements, of which
$900,000 is grant funds, he said.

Air conditioning equipment will be replaced at City Hall and the fire station
for $40,303, all paid for with grant funds, Philip said.

More than $18 million in grants from the Texas General Land Office and HUD will
pay for drainage improvements, he said.

Improvements for low-income housing totaling $400,000 will be funded with
$355,000 from the Texas Department of Housing and Community Affairs and $45,000
in local funds, the city manager said.

TDHCA is also funding $200,000 of a $220,000 down payment-assistance program,
Philip said.

"The projects are anticipated to be completed in three years, and it is going to
be challenging to process and implement the projects with limited staff," Philip
said.

Some of the other scheduled projects include:

n The Texas Water Development Board revolving fund is providing $8.38 million
for water treatment improvements and $7.16 million for additional water and
sewage treatment improvements.

n A library expansion project will cost $1.09 million with $767,314 in grant
funds from the U.S. Department of Agriculture and the George Dunlap Foundation.

n A proposed storm shelter project will cost $4.2 million with $3.15 in grants
from the Federal Emergency Management Agency and the Department of Emergency
Management.

n Replacement of emergency generators at the city office/fire station complex
and water/sewer plant totals $224,000, with $168,000 funded by a Department of
Emergency Management grant.

To see more of the Valley Morning Star, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.valleymorningstar.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, Valley Morning Star,
Harlingen, Texas Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20110817-HR-La-Feria-to-build-1.25M-indoor-recreation-center-0817-20110817

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HR


                       Copyright 2011 Valley Morning Star


                              189 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Murray Valley Standard

                           January 23, 2014 Thursday

Help for bushfire victims

SECTION: EARLY GENERAL NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 551 words


The Mid Murray Council has appointed a relief coordinator as the community bands
together to offer what assistance it can to the people affected by the latest
bushfires.

Harry Seager is the relief coordinator based at the Mid Murray Support Service's
donation distribution at the Cambrai Hall.

Mr Seager said he would be the main point of contact for all assistance
enquiries.

"I'm here to try and provide a one-stop shop for people who seek assistance and
advice on the fires," he said.

"People can contact me to make it easier for them to get assistance."

Mr Seager only started in the position on Tuesday so he was not sure how much
help was required in bushfire-affected areas, but said fencing and animal feed
were a big priority.

"Fortunately very few houses were lost," he said.

"But the loss in fencing is a huge problem. "There's no virtually no feed in the
area either so people are going to be desperate for emergency feed."

Mid Murray Mayor Dave Burgess said donated goods were appreciated but may not be
what people needed.

"It is important that council has a relief coordinator to meet with landowners
on site to discuss what assistance not only council can provide but the State
Government and the community," he said.

Affected landowners wanting assistance can contact Mr Seager on
reliefcoordinator@mid-murray.sa.gov.au or 0409 622 382.

Stock feed donations can be made through Primary Producers SA, contact
Dean?Crabbe on 8297 2299; while the Eastern Hills and Murray Plains Catchment
Group will accept cash donations to assist with the rehabilitation of reserves.
There are several other groups on the ground helping out - PIRSA is conducting
livestock assessment and disposal, contact Wayne Mossop on 0428 826 228; South
Australian Veterinary Emergency Manage-ment (SAVEM)?is coordinating on-ground
animal assessment, contact 0477 055 233; Salvation Army is providing household
goods and counselling, contact 8408 6900; AC Care is providing financial
counselling and emergency relief packages, contact 8532 6303; Rural Business
Support is giving financial counselling, contact John Christensen on 0448 063
189; and the Departme-nt of Environmental Water and Natural Resources is
tackling revegetation and erosion control, 8532 9100.

The Law Society of SA is offering free legal advice to people who are affected
by the fires, contact 8229 0200.

The State Government has launched an Emergency Relief Fund where the public can
donate money to help those who had suffered loss or damage from the fires.

Minister for Commun-ities and Social Inclusion Tony?Piccolo said the money
raised would help the people who needed it most.

People who have lost homes and are without income or insurance could be eligible
for grants of up to $5600.

Mr Piccolo said donations to the Emergency Relief Fund are tax deductible and
can be made online at: Depart-ment for Communities and Social Inclusion Revenue
Clearing Account; Commonwealth Bank of Australia; BSB: 065-266; Account:
10001461; Description: donation.

If you need a receipt email staterecoveryoffice@dcsi.sa.gov.au after donating.

For more information about the bushfire recovery including services available or
how to donate money or other resources - call the Bushfire Recovery hotline 1800
302 787 between 8.30am to 9pm, or visit www.sa.gov.au/ safiresrecovery.

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2014 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              190 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Murray Valley Standard

                           January 23, 2014 Thursday

The Mid Murray Council has appointed a relief coordinator

SECTION: EARLY GENERAL NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 551 words


The Mid Murray Council has appointed a relief coordinator as the community bands
together to offer what assistance it can to the people affected by the latest
bushfires.

Harry Seager is the relief coordinator based at the Mid Murray Support Service's
donation distribution at the Cambrai Hall.

Mr Seager said he would be the main point of contact for all assistance
enquiries.

"I'm here to try and provide a one-stop shop for people who seek assistance and
advice on the fires," he said.

"People can contact me to make it easier for them to get assistance."

Mr Seager only started in the position on Tuesday so he was not sure how much
help was required in bushfire-affected areas, but said fencing and animal feed
were a big priority.

"Fortunately very few houses were lost," he said.

"But the loss in fencing is a huge problem. "There's no virtually no feed in the
area either so people are going to be desperate for emergency feed."

Mid Murray Mayor Dave Burgess said donated goods were appreciated but may not be
what people needed.

"It is important that council has a relief coordinator to meet with landowners
on site to discuss what assistance not only council can provide but the State
Government and the community," he said.

Affected landowners wanting assistance can contact Mr Seager on
reliefcoordinator@mid-murray.sa.gov.au or 0409 622 382.

Stock feed donations can be made through Primary Producers SA, contact
Dean?Crabbe on 8297 2299; while the Eastern Hills and Murray Plains Catchment
Group will accept cash donations to assist with the rehabilitation of reserves.
There are several other groups on the ground helping out - PIRSA is conducting
livestock assessment and disposal, contact Wayne Mossop on 0428 826 228; South
Australian Veterinary Emergency Manage-ment (SAVEM)?is coordinating on-ground
animal assessment, contact 0477 055 233; Salvation Army is providing household
goods and counselling, contact 8408 6900; AC Care is providing financial
counselling and emergency relief packages, contact 8532 6303; Rural Business
Support is giving financial counselling, contact John Christensen on 0448 063
189; and the Departme-nt of Environmental Water and Natural Resources is
tackling revegetation and erosion control, 8532 9100.

The Law Society of SA is offering free legal advice to people who are affected
by the fires, contact 8229 0200.

The State Government has launched an Emergency Relief Fund where the public can
donate money to help those who had suffered loss or damage from the fires.

Minister for Commun-ities and Social Inclusion Tony?Piccolo said the money
raised would help the people who needed it most.

People who have lost homes and are without income or insurance could be eligible
for grants of up to $5600.

Mr Piccolo said donations to the Emergency Relief Fund are tax deductible and
can be made online at: Depart-ment for Communities and Social Inclusion Revenue
Clearing Account; Commonwealth Bank of Australia; BSB: 065-266; Account:
10001461; Description: donation.

If you need a receipt email staterecoveryoffice@dcsi.sa.gov.au after donating.

For more information about the bushfire recovery including services available or
how to donate money or other resources - call the Bushfire Recovery hotline 1800
302 787 between 8.30am to 9pm, or visit www.sa.gov.au/ safiresrecovery.

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2014 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              191 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 4, 2015 Wednesday

California: Governor Brown Signs Drought Legislation

LENGTH: 1548  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Governor, The State of California has issued the following news
release:

As California grapples with the driest period in its history, Governor Edmund G.
Brown Jr. today signed legislation to assist drought-affected communities and
provide funding to better use local water supplies.

"Legislators across the aisle have now voted to help hard-pressed communities
that face water shortages," said Governor Brown. "This legislation marks a
crucial step - but Californians must continue to take every action possible to
conserve water."

The legislation had broad, bipartisan support. SB 103 passed 34-2 in the Senate
and 64-3 in the Assembly. SB 104 passed 33-3 in the Senate and 68-1 in the
Assembly. The bills provide $687.4 million to support drought relief, including
money for housing and food for workers directly impacted by the drought, bond
funds for projects to help local communities more efficiently capture and manage
water and funding for securing emergency drinking water supplies for
drought-impacted communities.

In addition, the legislation increases funding for state and local conservation
corps to assist communities with efficiency upgrades and reduce fire fuels in
fire risk areas, and includes $1 million for the Save Our Water public awareness
campaign - which will enhance its mission to inform Californians how they can do
their part to conserve water.

"Like the rain this weekend, this package is badly needed to help mitigate the
effects of the historic drought California is facing. But also like the rain, we
need to see more," said Assembly Speaker John A. Pérez. "That's why every
Californian needs to continue to conserve water, and there's more work to do on
storage, water quality improvement and environmental protections. If we don't
act now, the problems we face will only get worse."

"Swift action is what's needed to make sure we get the most out of every drop of
water, to help our hardest-hit communities and to give emergency help to those
who have lost their jobs from this severe drought. That swift action is exactly
what we've taken with these measures," said Senate President pro Tem Darrell
Steinberg. "Neither the rain storms we're having now, nor this legislation will
eliminate the drought and its impacts. But just like any amount of rain and snow
will help, saving a year or even a few months in getting money out the door and
getting water projects on-line can benefit California enormously."

In addition to the funding provided by the legislation, the bill calls for the
California Department of Public Health (DPH) to adopt new groundwater
replenishment regulations by July 1, 2015, and for the State Water Resources
Control Board and the DPH to work on additional measures to allow for the use of
recycled water and storm water capture for increasing water supply availability.

The bill also makes statutory changes to ensure existing water rights laws are
followed, including streamlined authority to enforce water rights laws and
increased penalties for illegally diverting water during drought conditions. The
bill also provides the California Department of Housing and Community
Development with the greatest flexibility to maximize migrant housing units.

The Governor signed the following bills:

o SB 103 by the Committee on Budget and Fiscal Review - Budget Act of 2013.
o SB 104 by the Committee on Budget and Fiscal Review - Drought Relief.

For full text of the bills, visit: http://leginfo.ca.gov/bilinfo.html

Highlights of the legislation include:

Enhancing Water Conservation and Improving Water Supplies

o $549 million from the accelerated expenditure of voter-approved bonds,
Proposition 84 and Proposition 1E, in the form of infrastructure grants for
local and regional projects that are already planned or partially completed to
increase local reliability, including recapturing of storm water, expanding the
use and distribution of recycled water, enhancing the management and recharging
of groundwater storage and strengthening water conservation.

o $30 million from the Greenhouse Gas Reduction Fund to the Department of Water
Resources (DWR) for direct expenditures and grants to state and local agencies
to improve water use efficiency, save energy and reduce greenhouse gas emissions
from state and local water transportation and management systems.

o $14 million for groundwater management across the state, including assistance
to disadvantaged communities with groundwater contamination exacerbated by the
drought.

o $10 million from the Greenhouse Gas Emissions Fund for the California
Department of Food and Agriculture to invest in irrigation and water pumping
systems that reduce water use, energy use and greenhouse gas emissions.

o $15 million from the General Fund for Emergency Drinking Water Fund to address
emergency water shortages due to drought.

o $13 million from the General Fund to augment the California Conservation Corps
and local community conservation corps to expand water use efficiency and
conservation activities and to reduce fuel loads to prevent catastrophic fires.

Assisting Californians Disproportionately Impacted by the Drought

o $25.3 million from the General Fund for food assistance, which will be
structured to maximize the potential federal drought assistance that can be
provided to provide food assistance to those impacted by the drought.

o $21 million from the General Fund and federal funds for housing related
assistance for individuals impacted by the drought.


With California facing one of the most severe droughts on record, Governor Brown
declared a drought State of Emergency in January and directed state officials to
take all necessary actions to prepare for water shortages, and the Governor,
joined by legislative leaders, announced legislation to immediately help
communities deal with the devastating dry conditions affecting our state and to
provide funding to increase local water supplies.

Governor Brown met with President Obama about crucial federal support during the
ongoing drought last month, and the state continues to work with federal
partners to ensure coordinated drought monitoring and response. Governor Brown
and the administration have also expressed support for federal legislation
introduced by Senators Feinstein and Boxer and Representatives Jim Costa, Tony
Cárdenas and Sam Farr.

Across state government, action is being taken. The Department of General
Services is leading water conservation efforts at state facilities, and the
California State Architect has asked California school districts and Community
Colleges to act on the Governor's call to reduce water usage. The Department of
Transportation is cutting water use along California's roadways by 50 percent.
Caltrans has also launched a public awareness campaign, putting a water
conservation message on their more than 700 electronic highway signs.

In January, the state took action to conserve water in numerous Northern
California reservoirs to meet minimum needs for operations impacting the
environment and the economy, and recently the Department of Water Resources and
U.S. Bureau of Reclamation announced they would seek the authority to make water
exchanges to deliver water to those who need it most. The State Water Resources
Control Board announced it would work with hydropower generators and the Federal
Energy Regulatory Commission to preserve water in California reservoirs.
Recently, the California Department of Fish and Wildlife and the California Fish
and Game Commission restricted fishing on some waterways due to low water flows
worsened by the drought.

The state is working to protect local communities from the dangers of extreme
drought. The California Department of Public Health identified and offered
assistance to communities at risk of severe drinking water shortages and is
working with other state and local agencies to develop solutions for vulnerable
communities. CAL FIRE hired additional firefighters and is continuously
adjusting staffing throughout the state to help address the increased fire
threat due to drought conditions. The California Department of Food and
Agriculture launched a drought website to help farmers, ranchers and farmworkers
find resources and assistance programs that may be available to them during the
drought.

Even as the state deals with the immediate impacts of the drought, it's also
planning for the future. Recently, the California Natural Resources Agency, the
California Environmental Protection Agency and CDFA released the California
Water Action Plan, which will guide state efforts to enhance water supply
reliability, restore damaged and destroyed ecosystems and improve the resilience
of our infrastructure.

Governor Brown has called on all Californians to voluntarily reduce their water
usage by 20 percent, and the Save Our Water campaign launched four public
service announcements encouraging residents to conserve and has resources
available in Spanish. Last December, the Governor formed a Drought Task Force to
review expected water allocations and California's preparedness for water
scarcity. In May 2013, Governor Brown issued an Executive Order to direct state
water officials to expedite the review and processing of voluntary transfers of
water.


For further information please visit: http://gov.ca.gov/

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              192 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    BBC Monitoring Latin America - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                           January 19, 2011 Wednesday

World Bank approves funds to combat cholera in Haiti

LENGTH: 519 words


Text of report by Caribbean Media Corporation news agency website on 19 January

Washington: The World Bank has approved a US15m dollars grant to help Haiti's
efforts to fight the cholera epidemic.

The Washington-based financial institution said the new project will boost the
impoverished, French-speaking Caribbean country's medical response to the
disease while expanding its capacity to monitor and prevent such outbreaks.

The programme is part of the World Bank's US479m dollars reconstruction support.

Last November, the bank announced it was preparing a US10m dollars emergency
grant to fight cholera in Haiti.

"Haiti needs all the help it can get to respond to the deadly cholera epidemic,
which is ravaging parts of the country," said Ronald Baudin, Haiti's Minister of
Finance.

"The continued support of the World Bank will be key for saving lives and
re-establishing the public health service network," he added.

According to the latest United Nations data, since the onset of the epidemic
last October, there have been about 149,000 cases of cholera and more than 3,300
people have died.

Haiti's humanitarian situation was already precarious because of the
catastrophic January 12, 2010 earthquake that killed over 300,000 people and
left over 1.5million homeless.

To quickly contain cholera's deadly advance, the World Bank said the Cholera
Emergency Response Grant will finance public and non-public efforts on the
ground to respond to emergency cholera needs at the departmental level.

This includes provision of urgent care and treatment for affected populations
and vulnerable groups, as well as preventive interventions at the community
level.

Preventive actions include hygiene and food handling awareness campaigns in
communities and schools, where kids are being taught about the importance of
using clean water and soap to avoid contagion.

The World Bank said these activities will complement significant hygiene
awareness and prevention efforts already underway, such as the creation of a
"Public Health Brigade" to carry out cholera treatment and prevention work
throughout the country.

In addition, the bank said the US15m dollars grant will strengthen the emergency
response capacity of the Ministry of Public Health and Population (MSPP) and the
Haitian National Directorate of Water Supply and Sanitation (DINEPA).

Specifically, the new funding will provide technical assistance to help improve
the state's early warning response to outbreaks, monitor incidents, strengthen
medical waste management, and build implementation capacity, the World Bank
said.

"Key to the success of these efforts is the joint response to the emergency,
involving not only agencies and NGOs (non-governmental organizations) but,
especially, the Haitians themselves," said Alexandre Abrantes, the World Bank
Special Envoy to Haiti.

"The new grant will be used to contract experienced NGOs for immediate cholera
response activities and strengthen the capacity of the Government to respond to
the epidemic," he added.

Source: Caribbean Media Corporation news agency website, Bridgetown, in English
1349 gmt 19 Jan 11

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2011 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              193 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 11, 2014 Monday

Schumer, Gillibrand Announce More Than $235,000 In Federal Funds For Hudson
Valley Fire Departments

LENGTH: 773  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Gillibrand, U.S Government has issued the following news
release:

U.S. Senators Charles E. Schumer and Kirsten Gillibrand today announced $235,973
in federal funding for three Hudson Valley fire departments. The Marlborough
Fire District in Ulster County will receive $34,699, the Arlington Fire District
in Dutchess County will receive $130,500 and the Sloatsburg Volunteer Fire
Department in Rockland County will receive $70,774. The funding was allocated
through the Department of Homeland Security's Assistance to Firefighters Grant
Program (AFG).

"These much-needed funds will allow three of our Hudson Valley Fire Departments
to invest in the equipment they need to do their jobs effectively and save
lives," said Senator Schumer. "Making sure the brave men and women that serve in
our fire departments have the resources they need has always been a top priority
of mine. Our firefighters are our local heroes--they protect our residents and
our property. These funds will allow those heroes to continue their important
work of keeping the community safe."

"These are important investments for the Hudson Valley," said Senator
Gillibrand. "When our first responders go into harm's way, we need to make sure
they have the right equipment to save lives. The Marlborough Fire District,
Arlington Fire District and the Sloatsburg Volunteer Fire Department will use
this funding to purchase critical, life-saving equipment that will help them
better serve their communities and save more lives."

"We are extremely excited about the additional federal funding for much needed
equipment, which will help the firefighters of the Marlborough Fire District
provide even better fire suppression and fire rescue capabilities to the
townspeople of Marlboro and surrounding communities," said Mark Ciaglia,
Chairman, Marlborough Fire District. "With additional Thermal Imaging Cameras,
firefighters will be better equipped to search for trapped victims, and Rapid
Intervention Packs will allow a downed firefighter or trapped victim a much
needed air supply during the extrication efforts. The suction hoses and
associated equipment will better allow firefighters to use water in ponds,
streams and other sources for firefighting efforts when there are no fire
hydrants available. On behalf of the Marlborough Fire District, the Marlboro
Hose Company #1, and the residents of the town of Marlboro, we are very grateful
to Senator Gillibrand, Senator Schumer, and the FEMA Assistance to Firefighters
Grant program."

The Marlborough Fire District, located in Southeastern Ulster County, is
completely volunteer-run and consists of more than 50 members. They will use
this federal funding to purchase new thermal imaging cameras, emergency
breathing equipment as well as suction hoses, to utilize alternative water
sources when there are no fire hydrants in close proximity.

"The Arlington Fire District is thrilled to receive this crucial funding from
the Assistance to Firefighters Grant program. Since 1922, our dedicated staff
has served the residents and visitors of Dutchess County," said Tory Gallante,
Chief, Arlington Fire Department. "We currently provide fire and emergency
medical services to an estimated population of over 33,000 individuals, and
respond to an average of 14 incidents a day. With these new resources, the
Arlington Fire Department will be better prepared to protect the safety of the
region. We are thankful to Senator Gillibrand, Senator Schumer, Congressman
Mahoney, and Congressman Gibson for their support."

The Arlington Fire District is the largest of three fire departments to serve
the town of Poughkeepsie. It is made up of 74 career and 90 volunteer
firefighters who serve more than 33,000 residents. They will use this federal
funding to purchase new life support cardiac monitors and defibrillators.

"The Sloatsburg Volunteer Fire Department is grateful to be a recipient of the
2013 FEMA Assistance to Firefighters Grant.  We are an all-volunteer fire
department serving a small village, and as is the case throughout the State, our
budget for necessary equipment is incredibly tight," said Matthew Stritmater,
2nd Assistant Chief, Sloatsburg Volunteer Fire Department. "We will be using the
funds from this grant to purchase radio equipment so we can fully participate in
the brand new, state-of-the-art Rockland County Public Safety Communications
System. We would like to thank Senator Gillibrand, Senator Schumer and
Congresswoman Lowey for their continued support of our department and the entire
volunteer fire service."

For further information please visit: http://www.gillibrand.senate.gov

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              194 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Glen Innes Examiner

                               February 13, 2014

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 737  words


Deputy Premier Andrew Stoner and Minister for Primary Industries Katrina
Hodgkinson yesterday announced additional assistance measures for
drought-stricken farmers in NSW.

The measures include the expansion of a temporary package of emergency
in-drought support measures to an additional 20 local government areas (LGAs)
including Glen Innes Severn, and the far west Unincorporated Area in NSW.

Yesterday's announcement increases the amount allocated to the support package
to $14.6 million.

In addition to Glen Innes Severn the temporary emergency assistance package will
be expanded to include the LGAs of Armidale, Bogan, Central Darling, Cobar,
Coonamble, Gilgandra, Gunnedah, Guyra, Gwydir, Inverell, Moree Plains, Narrabri,
Tamworth Regional, Tenterfield, Uralla, Walcha, Warren and Warrumbungle, as well
as Broken Hill and the far west Unincorporated Area.

The measures include:

' up to $20,000 per producer in the form of a Transport Assistance
Reimbursement;

' up to $30,000 per producer for Emergency Water Infrastructure Grants; and

' the waiving of Western Lands Lease payments, Local Land Services rates and
Wild Dog Destruction Board rates for a 12 month period, where applicable.

These will be back-dated to 1 January 1, 2014 for all the LGAs, with the
exception of the Transport Assistance Reimbursement for Bourke, Brewarrina and
Walgett LGAs which is back-dated to July 1, 2013.

Mr Stoner said the NSW Government's temporary measures are funded through to
June 30,  2014 and called on the Commonwealth Government to urgently release
details of its proposed assistance package.

'While the NSW Government has expanded its assistance measures, there is a clear
need for the Commonwealth to now put forward a comprehensive package to assist
primary producers to respond to this drought,' Mr Stoner said.

'Despite our landholders being drought-prepared and on the front foot when it
comes to maximising their properties' water storage, this extreme weather has
delivered a real blow to their way of life. This comprehensive package will
ensure these landholders and communities are assisted now while they deal with
this crisis.'

The expanded emergency assistance measures are in addition to assistance
available to all landholders in NSW, which includes:

Transport  Subsidies  for  Animal  Welfare,  focused  on  stock  going  to  sale

 or slaughter where there is significant risk to animal welfare, which will
remain while drought conditions persist and previously increasing funding to the
Rural Support Worker Program.

Ms Hodgkinson, who is this week touring drought-affected communities in northern
NSW, made the announcement in Tamworth with the Member for Tamworth, Kevin
Anderson, and the Member for Northern Tablelands, Adam Marshall.

'Seasonal conditions are deteriorating at a rapid rate across a large portion of
NSW and I am concerned at the severity and speed at which this drought is moving
across the landscape,' Ms Hodgkinson said.

'Farmers are in some cases being forced to drastically reduce stock numbers,
have been carting in feed and water for some time and have been forced to
offload livestock at reduced prices to saleyards and abattoirs, which are
reporting extremely high levels of throughput.

'While the NSW Government recognises that producers must make sound management
decisions and implement extensive preparedness measures to deal with adverse
seasonal conditions, no matter how well a farmer may prepare for drought, it is
impossible to completely drought-proof a property.'

Mr Marshall welcomed the extension of emergency assistance measures.

'Primary producers in the Northern Tablelands region are world class and have
prepared as well as they could for this drought, but as it has moved beyond any
reasonable level of preparedness, I know many will welcome this assistance
package,' he said.

Mr Anderson said the emergency drought assistance measures include funding to
appoint a Rural Support Worker based in Tamworth, with recruitment to begin
immediately.

'This new position will work with farm families and rural communities across the
New England, Upper Hunter and Northern Tablelands ' using Tamworth as a base '
and I look forward to someone being appointed as soon as possible,' he said.

The Regional Assistance Advisory Committee and Local Land Services will continue
to monitor seasonal conditions across NSW and will provide advice and
recommendations to the NSW Government as required.

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2014 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              195 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 8, 2014 Friday

SCHUMER, GILLIBRAND ANNOUNCE MORE THAN $235,000 IN FEDERAL FUNDS FOR HUDSON
VALLEY FIRE DEPARTMENTS

LENGTH: 774  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Charles E. Schumer, U.S Government has issued the
following news release:

U.S. Senators Charles E. Schumer and Kirsten Gillibrand today announced $235,973
in federal funding for three Hudson Valley fire departments. The Marlborough
Fire District in Ulster County will receive $34,699, the Arlington Fire District
in Dutchess County will receive $130,500 and the Sloatsburg Volunteer Fire
Department in Rockland County will receive $70,774. The funding was allocated
through the Department of Homeland Security's Assistance to Firefighters Grant
Program (AFG).

"These much-needed funds will allow three of our Hudson Valley Fire Departments
to invest in the equipment they need to do their jobs effectively and save
lives," said Senator Schumer. "Making sure the brave men and women that serve in
our fire departments have the resources they need has always been a top priority
of mine. Our firefighters are our local heroes--they protect our residents and
our property. These funds will allow those heroes to continue their important
work of keeping the community safe."

"These are important investments for the Hudson Valley," said Senator
Gillibrand. "When our first responders go into harm's way, we need to make sure
they have the right equipment to save lives. The Marlborough Fire District,
Arlington Fire District and the Sloatsburg Volunteer Fire Department will use
this funding to purchase critical, life-saving equipment that will help them
better serve their communities and save more lives."

"We are extremely excited about the additional federal funding for much needed
equipment, which will help the firefighters of the Marlborough Fire District
provide even better fire suppression and fire rescue capabilities to the
townspeople of Marlboro and surrounding communities," said Mark Ciaglia,
Chairman, Marlborough Fire District. "With additional Thermal Imaging Cameras,
firefighters will be better equipped to search for trapped victims, and Rapid
Intervention Packs will allow a downed firefighter or trapped victim a much
needed air supply during the extrication efforts. The suction hoses and
associated equipment will better allow firefighters to use water in ponds,
streams and other sources for firefighting efforts when there are no fire
hydrants available. On behalf of the Marlborough Fire District, the Marlboro
Hose Company #1, and the residents of the town of Marlboro, we are very grateful
to Senator Gillibrand, Senator Schumer, and the FEMA Assistance to Firefighters
Grant program."

The Marlborough Fire District, located in Southeastern Ulster County, is
completely volunteer-run and consists of more than 50 members. They will use
this federal funding to purchase new thermal imaging cameras, emergency
breathing equipment as well as suction hoses, to utilize alternative water
sources when there are no fire hydrants in close proximity.

"The Arlington Fire District is thrilled to receive this crucial funding from
the Assistance to Firefighters Grant program. Since 1922, our dedicated staff
has served the residents and visitors of Dutchess County," said Tory Gallante,
Chief, Arlington Fire Department. "We currently provide fire and emergency
medical services to an estimated population of over 33,000 individuals, and
respond to an average of 14 incidents a day. With these new resources, the
Arlington Fire Department will be better prepared to protect the safety of the
region. We are thankful to Senator Gillibrand, Senator Schumer, Congressman
Mahoney, and Congressman Gibson for their support."

The Arlington Fire District is the largest of three fire departments to serve
the town of Poughkeepsie. It is made up of 74 career and 90 volunteer
firefighters who serve more than 33,000 residents. They will use this federal
funding to purchase new life support cardiac monitors and defibrillators.

"The Sloatsburg Volunteer Fire Department is grateful to be a recipient of the
2013 FEMA Assistance to Firefighters Grant.  We are an all-volunteer fire
department serving a small village, and as is the case throughout the State, our
budget for necessary equipment is incredibly tight," saidMatthew Stritmater, 2nd
Assistant Chief, Sloatsburg Volunteer Fire Department. "We will be using the
funds from this grant to purchase radio equipment so we can fully participate in
the brand new, state-of-the-art Rockland County Public Safety Communications
System. We would like to thank Senator Gillibrand, Senator Schumer and
Congresswoman Lowey for their continued support of our department and the entire
volunteer fire service."

For further information please visit: http://www.schumer.senate.gov

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              196 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    Columbia Basin Herald, Moses Lake, Wash.

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             March 21, 2017 Tuesday

Grant, Adams counties covered in emergency proclamation

BYLINE: Richard Byrd, Columbia Basin Herald, Moses Lake, Wash.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 404 words


March 21--OLYMPIA -- Grant and Adams counties were included in Governor Jay
Inslee's emergency proclamation to make available state resources to deal with
possible flooding or other damages caused by wet weather.

Inslee's proclamation, which was issued on Friday, covers Adams, Asotin, Benton,
Chelan, Columbia, Douglas, Ferry, Franklin, Garfield, Grant, Kittitas,
Klickitat, Lincoln, Okanogan, Pend Oreille, Spokane, Stevens, Whitman, Walla
Walla and Yakima counties. The proclamation was issued in anticipation of wet
weather that has previously impacted, and is expected to again, several eastern
Washington counties in the upcoming days.

"The continual rain showers and early snow melt create the potential for rising
waters, destructive landslides and damage to our critical infrastructure,
including our power grid and transportation system," Inslee said. "This is a
proactive move to ensure that state agencies are able to do everything
reasonably possible to help communities recover quickly in the event major
damage occurs."

State emergency management officials have already responded to requests for
state assistance. Washington Conservation Corps crew members responded to
Sprague in Lincoln County to help fill sandbags over the weekend and to help
find pumps to manage flood water, as the city has been dealing with extreme
flooding.

Inslee directed state agencies and departments to use state resources in
accordance with the Washington State Comprehensive Emergency Management Plan to
aid flood affected areas.

"I also hereby order into active state service the organized militia of
Washington state to include the National Guard and the State Guard, or such part
thereof as may be necessary in the opinion of the adjutant general, to perform
such duties as directed by competent authority of the Washington Military
Department in addressing this event," reads Inslee's proclamation. "In addition,
the Washington Military Department, Emergency Management Division, is instructed
to coordinate all incident related assistance to the affected areas."

Grant and Adams counties were previously included in Inslee's state of emergency
proclamation to help with recovery from this winter's storms.

Richard Byrd can be reached via email at city@columbiabasinherald.com

___ (c)2017 the Columbia Basin Herald, Wash. Visit the Columbia Basin Herald,
Wash. at www.columbiabasinherald.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20170321-1CO-Grant-Adams-counties-covered-in-emergency
-proclamation-0321-20170321

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1CO


                      Copyright 2017 Columbia Basin Herald


                              197 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Glasgow Daily Times (Kentucky)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             July 9, 2016 Saturday

Park City fire department gets grant for tanker truck

BYLINE: Melinda J. Overstreet, Glasgow Daily Times, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 547 words


July 09--PARK CITY -- The Federal Emergency Management Agency has approved a
grant for the Park City Volunteer Fire Department that will be used to replace a
1985 International truck the department modified itself for use as a water
tanker.

A press release from U.S. Sen. Mitch McConnell's office announced the award of
$247,620 from FEMA's Assistance to Firefighters Grant program Friday.

"This is great news for the Park City Volunteer Fire Department, and I was
pleased to work with Chief [Ronnie] Stinson to help make it happen," McConnell
said via the press release. "This funding will help the department replace their
only water-tanker trunk, which is outdated and has been repeatedly out of
service. The new vehicle will help them better serve the community and keep
people safe."

Stinson is quoted in the press release as saying: "We appreciate Senator
McConnell's assistance in securing this grant. Procuring a new tanker truck for
our department is critical to continuing to provide adequate fire protection to
Park City and the surrounding area."

Stinson, who has been with the department since 1989 and chief for all but two
years since 1995, told the Daily Times that McConnell provided a letter of
support, as requested, to go with the grant application.

The old tanker used to be an oxygen-tank delivery truck with a flat bed.

"I think we bought it around 1996 and made it [what it is]," he said, roughly
estimating it has 200,000 miles on it.

"It had major issues, electrical and water leaks, and we just tried to keep it
in service as long as we could," Stinson said. "It was one of those things where
we were working on it every time we used it."

The Park City City Commission approved a resolution for the department to apply,
and the request was submitted in November, he said.

Now that the funding is secured, the purchase will go through a bid process and
the truck will have to be built, so it may be six months or more before it
actually arrives, Stinson said.

The truck provides a means for the department to take a water supply to places
where there is no hydrant, including along Interstate 65, where the department
frequently responds to vehicle fires and has to shuttle water, the chief said.
Approximately 21,000 gallons of water were carried there in 2015, he said.

The new truck will hold 2,500 gallons, the same capacity as what they have now,
he said.

The department will be responsible for 5 percent of the total cost, but Stinson
said it has the funds.

"I've been saving for a few years now for this, trying to get this," he said.
"But if anyone would like to make an extra donation, it will be accepted. I've
been lucky. I've kept a good department for the last 20 years, but it's been
hard sometimes, just barely scrimping by."

Unless something major happens unexpectedly, this should put them in good shape
for a couple of years truck-wise, Stinson said in the phone interview.

"I try to save a little bit each year, just in case," he said.

Stinson said he appreciated the help from McConnell and the support from the
community and city.

"They've been awfully good to me over the years," he said.

___ (c)2016 the Glasgow Daily Times (Glasgow, Ky.) Visit the Glasgow Daily Times
(Glasgow, Ky.) at www.glasgowdailytimes.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160709-GK-Park-City-fire-department-gets-grant
-for-tanker-truck-0709-20160709

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GK


                       Copyright 2016 Glasgow Daily Times


                              198 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                             May 30, 2009 Saturday

Safety-net charities get a safety net;
A fund has distributed emergency assistance to various area agencies.

BYLINE: JOSH SALMAN

SECTION: Pg. B-2

LENGTH: 640 words


Demand for charitable services is outgrowing supply at a record pace since the
economy has declined.

Shelters are filling, lines at free meal services are growing, food banks are
running dry and donations are receding.

But Jacksonville philanthropies have been thrown a safety net in the form of
$1.5 million.

The Community Safety Net Fund, established last year to help First Coast
families in need, has exceeded its goal of raising $1.5 million in emergency
assistance to support about a dozen agencies focused on the area's struggling
and homeless.

The goal of the campaign was to get the money out to these organizations
reaching "crisis levels" as quickly as possible. And it did just that, said Nina
Waters, president of the Community Foundation in Jacksonville, which helped
organize the run.

"People are making decisions now between paying the mortgage or rent, paying a
utility bill, or putting food on the table," she said. "It's not decisions over
the summer vacation anymore."

As need continues to increase, Waters said, people are accessing services they
have never before accessed. Volunteers who were helping serve the needy only a
few months ago are now on the other end of these food lines.

"This was critical," said Audrey McKibbin Moran, president and CEO of the
Sulzbacher Center, which received $231,000 through the grant. "We've seen an
unprecedented number of people seeking our help. Our turn-away numbers have
never been greater and lines never longer."

The Safety Net Fund was established in December with a $500,000 gift from the
Jessie Ball duPont Fund. The organization promised to match up to another
$500,000 in gifts from other donors.

After a meeting between representatives of the Mayor's Office, the duPont
Foundation, the Community Foundation and the Sulzbacher Center, they were able
to reach the goal.

"It's was a huge collaboration of city funders and city government," Moran said.
"It's really a model for the rest of the country."

The Second Harvest Food Bank of North Florida was among the organizations helped
by the grant.

During the past year, the food bank has seen a 32 percent increase in demand,
coupled with a 40 percent decrease in donations, said Tom Strother, the food
bank's communications manager.

The $140,000 in assistance money Second Harvest received allowed the non-profit
to provide 101,000 meals to Jacksonville families.

"It allowed us to purchase boatloads of food at an incredibly low price,"
Strother said. "... This was a godsend to us."

The funding also was a bail out for the Trinity Rescue Mission, which provides
food and shelter to the area's homeless.

Corporate donations to the shelter were rapidly dwindling and, before the grant
came, Trinity was anticipating eliminating services and closing one of its two
floors.

This closure would have forced 140 homeless men, women and children back onto
the streets, said Matthew Heavener, director of development at Trinity.

The $350,000 remaining in the Safety Net Fund will be used to address long-term
strategies to assure this problem won't repeat itself.

"We were very concerned that with the economy, donations weren't going to bounce
back," said Sherry Magill, president of the duPont Fund. "[The success] was a
testament to the generosity of the folks in Jacksonville, and we were able to
get the money into the right hands."

josh.salman@jacksonville.com, (904) 359-4351

SAFTEY NET FUND GRANTS AWARDED

Beaches Emergency Assistance Ministry: $35,000

Catholic Charities: $162,500

City Rescue Mission: $70,700

Clara White Mission: $50,000

Community Connections of Jacksonville: $37,500

Downtown Ecumenical Services Council: $34,000

Jewish Family and Community Services: $58,000

Mission House: $9,000

Salvation Army: $126,822

Second Harvest Food Bank: $140,000

Sulzbacher Center: $231,000

Trinity Rescue Mission: $60,000

Source: Community Safety Net Fund

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 The Florida Times-Union


                              199 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Newton Daily News, Iowa

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 16, 2010 Monday

Dry weather helping flood recovery efforts

BYLINE: John Jennings, Newton Daily News, Iowa

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 629 words


Aug. 16--Dry weather the last few days has been a godsend for folks trying to
recover from the flooding in Jasper County.

Jasper County Emergency Management Coordinator Jim Sparks said the South Skunk
River has dropped about 3 1â[#x201e]2 feet over the weekend, but is still about
three feet above flood stage. It is expected to drop below flood state midday
Tuesday. In the meantime, Colfax is pumping out the wastewater treatment plant.

"They are still pumping like crazy," Sparks said, and hope to continue to clear
areas so clean-up can begin.

In Reasnor, about half of that city's residents are without water. Some
residents who utilize the sandpoint wells are being told not to drink the water,
while those on the Jasper County Rural Water system are not affected. Water is
receding from the roadways west of Reasnor now, with some roadways still
affected today.

Sparks said the Jasper County Emergency Operations Center will convene again
today for a briefing, to develop a county-wide recovery plan, and discuss
infrastructure concerns along Highway 117.

Also, Polk and Jasper Counties have been declared state and federal disaster
areas. Homeland Security continues to gather more information/data and has
applied for approvals to seek federal assistance for individuals and
governments.

A Presidential Disaster Declaration was requested by Governor Culver for both
Polk and Jasper Counties on Tuesday, and this declaration was approved by the
president on Friday, April 13. FEMA will now enter the process, leading to the
availability of federal funds to assist those qualifying for residential and
business damages.  Patience will be a key aspect in working with FEMA. Other
info will be available via the media.

Iowa's Dept. of Human Services is implementing the state Individual Assistance
Program.  Income guidelines for eligibility are about $40,000 for a family of
four and $22,000 for an individual.  Iowans who qualify are eligible for up to
$5,000 in grants.  The number to call is 877-937-3663 or www.dhs.state.ia.us.
The application form is available on the DHS website.

FEMA number: 1-800-621-3362

Homeland security continues to work with communities downstream of Ames to make
sure they are prepared if there is additional rain.

The State Emergency Operations Center is up and running.

Numerous roads are closed.  For up-to-date information call:  866-452-8510 --
this hotline is open from 7 a.m to 9 p.m. and will be answered by individuals.
You can also call "511."  The DOT website www.iowadot.gov will have an
interactive map regarding road closings.

Public Safety Commissioner Meyer emphasized that public safety is our number one
concern.  If you see water on the road, it is wise not to proceed.  The
electrical inspections division of the Fire Marshall's hotline is 866-923-1082
or go to www.dps.state.ia.us/fm/electrician.

If communities request National Guard support -- Gov. Culver is ready to call
them up.   At this time the Guard has been supplying technical and logistical
support.

Governaor Culver has initiated a state program, termed "Iowans Helping Iowans,"
that will be administered by the Iowa Department of Economic Development. The
agency is in the process of preparing guidelines for financial assistance to
residential and business, and will be identified in media releases in the near
future.

To see more of the Newton Daily News or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.newtondailynews.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, Newton Daily News, Iowa
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail services@mctinfoservices.com, or
call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States, call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100816-1NI-Dry-weather-helping-flood-recovery-efforts-20100816

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1NI


                     Copyright 2010 Newton Daily News, Iowa


                              200 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Mudgee Guardian

                                 March 30, 2014

Mid-Western Region drought declared

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 524  words


By LAUREN STANFORD

It's news as welcome as the rain that has fallen over the last few days.

The Mid-Western Region has been included in the NSW Government's latest drought
assistance package after expert advice from the Regional Assistance Advisory
Committee.

'It's just great news,' Chairman of the Mudgee District Council of the NSW
Farmers Association Mitchell Clapham said.

'It's almost as good as listening to the rain on the roof.

'We've been campaigning to be added to the list for months now and I know there
are a lot of farmers across the region who will be extremely happy that it's
paid off.'

The Mid-Western Region will join local government areas Gloucester, Liverpool
Plains and Oberon as the latest LGA's to be included in the $14.6 million
drought assistance package, with measures to be backdated to February 1, 2014.

Farmers across the Mid-Western Region will now be able to claim up to $20,000
per producer in the form of Transport Assistance Reimbursement, up to $30,000
per producer for Emergency Water Infrastructure Grants, and the waiving of
Western Lands lease payments, Local Land Services rates and Wild Dog Destruction
Board rates for a year.

The announcement was made on Friday by Deputy Premier Andrew Stoner and Minister
for Primary Industries Katrina Hodgkinson, who said the government understood
the extreme effects of drought could not be confined within the lines of maps.

'We are listening to the recommendations of the Regional Assistance Advisory
Committee and other regional agencies and are well aware of the financial
pressures and emotional stress our farmers are facing in this drought crisis,'
Mr Stoner said.

'While the current spell of wet weather in many parts of the state has come as a
welcome reprieve to our primary producers, it is still not enough, and we have
acted to ensure the remain supported,' he said.

Member for Orange Andrew Gee said the announcement was welcome news for farmers
across the electorate he had worked with or heard from about drought assistance.

'I've been working closely with farmers from across the region on this issue for
a number of months now and it's great to see we finally have an outcome,' he
said.

The expanded emergency assistance measures are in addition to assistance the NSW
Government has made available to all landholders in NSW, which include Transport
Subsidies for Animal Welfare, focused on stock going to sale, and increased
funding for the Rural Support Worker Program.

In November 2013, the NSW Government announced a $7.6 million emergency
assistance package for the Bourke, Brewarrina and Walgett LGA's, which was
increased to $14.6 million in February and extended to an additional 20 LGA's
and the far west Unincorporated area.

Scheme guidelines and application forms for the drought assistance measures are
available from:

- Transport Assistance Reimbursement and Transport Subsidies for Animal Welfare
- raa.nsw.gov.au/assistance/rebate-on-road-transport;

-Emergency Water Infrastructure Grants - raa.nsw.gov.au/assistance/
emergency-water-infrastructure-rebate;

- Rural Support Worker Program - dpi.nsw.gov.au/aboutus/services/community/
support-workers.

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2014 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              201 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 4, 2015 Wednesday

Washington: Manchin and Capito Announce More Than $12 Million in Funding from
U.S. Department of Agriculture

LENGTH: 384  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Senator Joe Manchin has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Senators  Joe Manchin (D-WV) and Shelley Moore Capito (R-WV) today
announced loans and grants for five projects in West Virginia to develop water
and wastewater infrastructure. The funds have been awarded by the United States
Department of Agriculture (USDA) and will provide rural communities with the
resources necessary to improve or repair their water and wastewater systems.





 USDA has awarded $12,246,000 to four West Virginia communities for projects in
the Water and Waste Disposal Loan and Grant Program. This program provides
crucial funding for projects that promote clean drinking water systems, sanitary
sewage and solid waste disposal, and storm water drainage to households and
businesses.



 Additionally, a $500,000 grant has been awarded to the Mingo County Public
Service District for the Emergency Community Water Assistance Grant (ECWAG)
program, which assists in the preparation or recovery process for emergencies
threatening the availability of safe and reliable drinking water.



 &ldquo;It is important to invest in infrastructure projects like these that
make sure our communities are connected to the basic necessities of life, like
water,&rdquo; Senator Manchin said. &ldquo;All West Virginians deserve access to
clean and safe water, and this funding will improve our water systems to ensure
the health and safety of our residents. This project will also help boost
economic development, protect tourism activities in these regions and improve
the prosperity of our families, businesses and communities. I will continue to
work to make these commonsense infrastructure investments a reality.&rdquo;



 &ldquo;It is essential that every West Virginian have access to clean water.
This funding will not only assist rural communities throughout the state in
repairing and establishing safer and more reliable water and waste systems, but
it will also help solidify local economies,&rdquo; said Senator Capito. &ldquo;I
am pleased to join Senator Manchin in announcing this important funding that
will help to strengthen our communities and keep our residents healthy.&rdquo;



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              202 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         Blackwater Herald (Queensland)

                                 March 3, 2009

B'water shoppers fill baskets for farmers

SECTION: Pg. 9

LENGTH: 338  words


QUEENSLAND Country Women's Association president, Mrs Marian Mudra, has thanked
all 1790 shoppers who made a purchase last Friday at Blackwater Woolworths as
they contributed to the $7,067,992 raised nationally for Backing our Farmers
Day.

Last Friday's profits from Woolworths and Safeway stores will be given to the
CWA to distribute to farming families and rural communities in drought affected
areas throughout Australia.

"In our members' work around the Blackwater region, we know that there are
people who need assistance and we encourage them to call 1800 237 876 for an
application form," said Mrs Mudra.

In addition to providing Emergency Assistance Grants funding to farmers, some of
the $7 million will be given as support for projects that rural communities
haven't had the resources to undertake themselves.

Woolworths director of food, liquor and petrol, Greg Foran, said Blackwater
shoppers had made a great contribution to the day.

"Nationally we've had some 2,480,977 customers come in and fill their shopping
baskets to benefit Australian farmers and their families and it's great that the
Blackwater region was able to make such a significant contribution last Friday,"
said Mr Foran.

"There has been great support from both urban, rural and regional shoppers all
keen to do their bit to help our farming communities.

"Since our partnership with the CWA started in 2007, the 'Backing our Farmers'
days have raised over $17.5 million for drought affected families and now rural
communities who are experiencing drought. You cannot underestimate the work the
CWA does throughout Australia and we are pleased to continue our work with
them," he said.

The processing of applications and the allocation of funds will be made after
March 2, for Emergency Assistance Grants by the CWA.

Applications for the Community Infrastructure Grants will close on April 30, and
will be processed thereafter.

For information about Backing our Farmers Day go to www.woolworths.com.au.

Application forms are available by calling 1800 237 876.

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RBH


                    Copyright 2009 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              203 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           The Ironton Tribune, Ohio

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 28, 2009 Tuesday

Aid gets first new fire truck

BYLINE: Teresa Moore, The Ironton Tribune, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 425 words


Jul. 28--AID TOWNSHIP -- Rural volunteer fire departments often find themselves
in a bind: They are expected to provide as good a service as paid municipal
departments but with a fraction of the budget and a staff of volunteers who work
solely because of a desire to help their neighbors.

So last week's delivery of a brand new pumper/tanker truck to the Aid Township
Volunteer Fire Department was sweet indeed to Chief Joe Justice, who said his
department has never had a new fire truck before -- ever. The truck was paid for
by a $232,000.00 grant through the Assistance to Firefighters Grant (AFG)
Program, administered through the U.S. Department of Homeland Security's Federal
Emergency Management Agency and the U.S. Fire Administration.

"When you look at the budget, once you take out the basic bills, gasoline,
insurance, there's no way we could ever have afforded this," Justice said.

The 2009 Smeal/Kenworth 1,500 gallon pumper-tanker will replace two older
vehicles, a 1976 pumper and a 1978 tanker.

"The importance of this truck is really immeasurable," Justice said. "The
ability to respond with 1,500 gallons of water on board will be a huge asset.
The pumper it replaces carried 750 gallons. The truck will not only service our
coverage area, but will be available to mutual aid with departments in Lawrence
County, and our neighboring townships in Gallia County."

Aid has never gotten this kind of grant before and never one so large. Previous
grants have averaged $8,000, enough to purchase turnout gear and other
necessities but not enough for a new truck. With its heavy frame and large water
capacity, this new addition is built specifically for rural use and has a
roughly 20-year lifespan.

Aid Township usually handles 80-100 calls for help each year. While some are
first responder calls (the truck is not used for medical calls) Aid Township
also provides mutual assistance to other townships and to the U.S. Forestry
Service.

"This wasn't a frivolous purchase," Justice said. "This is something we really
needed. This helps not only our community but also the communities around us."

The truck was delivered Thursday.

To see more of the Ironton Tribune or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.irontontribune.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, The Ironton Tribune, Ohio
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: December 25, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090728-1IR-Aid-gets-first-new-fire-truck-0728

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1IR


                                 Copyright 2009


                              204 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     August 13, 1993, Friday, Final Edition
                              CORRECTION APPENDED

More Welcome Than Disaster;
For Once -- in Midwest -- FEMA Is Relatively Well Received

William Claiborne, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A23; THE FEDERAL PAGE

LENGTH: 1364 words

DATELINE: DES MOINES, Aug. 12, 1993


Bernard Dew, a usually unflappable disaster relief official, knew the minute he
walked into a recent community outreach meeting in the flood-ravaged Valley
Junction neighborhood here that there was going to be trouble.

"They were just hollering and yelling, and there I was, right in the lion's den,
wearing my pork chop suit," said Dew, a Washington state emergency management
specialist on loan to the beleaguered Federal Emergency Management Agency
(FEMA).

Dew was harangued that night. He remembers being introduced and hearing one man
yell, "Yeah, we're going to hang him!" But, Dew said, it could have been worse.

In fact, FEMA -- the agency that everyone loves to hate -- has been relatively
well received in Iowa and many other parts of the Midwest during the Great Flood
of '93, despite some sporadic grumblings of too much red tape, too many delays
and too little flexibility in the system.

At least the agency is getting far higher marks than it did after Hurricane Hugo
in 1989, when Sen. Ernest F. Hollings (D-S.C.) called its staff "the sorriest
bunch of jackasses I've ever known," and after Hurricane Andrew last year, when
FEMA was criticized for being four days late getting any serious relief effort
underway.

State and local relief officials here said they have been impressed by a number
of changes in the response this time. They cited a visit to Des Moines last
month by FEMA's new director, James Lee Witt; more autonomy given to state and
local coordinators, and even a blank report card FEMA sent to community groups
-- a first -- asking them to rate the agency's performance and spot areas where
improvement is needed.

They also cited an aggressive community outreach program conducted by the
agency, which did not happen during previous floods here, and a new, simplified
application process available through a toll-free telephone number. More than
three-fourths of all emergency aid requests went to FEMA that way.

Many Midwest residents said they have been disappointed at not receiving larger
outright disaster grants, as opposed to low-interest loans, and by a shortage of
trailers for emergency housing. But they also said they felt FEMA was trying to
meet the needs that can be met under law, and was explaining why the agency
cannot fulfill requests that are not covered by the law.

Nongovernment relief officials also said that FEMA simply is trying harder than
before, although some said agency officials need to listen more and preach less
when they confront flood victims whose lives have been turned upside down. FEMA
also has expanded its staff. It has assigned state emergency management
officials from across the country to temporary duty at disaster assistance
centers in the Midwest, more than in previous natural disasters, officials said.

The nature of the process is inherently frustrating to people who have not been
through it before, James D. Aipperspach, president of the United Way of Central
Iowa, said. Victims often are traumatized twice, first by the flood and then by
a bureaucratic process they do not understand.

"It all gets down to basic communication and understanding, and in that I think
they [FEMA officials] are trying to do the right things for the right reasons.
Our community would be in a much worse state if FEMA wasn't here," Aipperspach
said.

The frustration level, FEMA officials and independent relief workers said, is
higher in regions like St. Charles County, Mo., which is still under water, than
areas like Des Moines, where the floods have receded and where FEMA has begun to
assess damage and get assistance applications verified and processed.

In many cases, FEMA inspectors have had to wait until flood waters recede before
assessing damage and verifying applications for individual sustenance grants, or
requests to such agencies as the Small Business Administration, which offers low
interest loans of up to $ 100,000 for repairing damaged houses.

As of Friday, FEMA had received just over 16,000 applications for all forms of
individual assistance in Iowa and had distributed a total of $ 5.9 million to
over 4,200 families for emergency housing aid, which covers rent, repairs and
help with mortgages on damaged houses.

In the nine-state disaster area, FEMA had logged more than 80,000 callers and
visitors to application centers as of Tuesday, agency officials said. Of about
42,000 applications for temporary housing aid, it had approved about half for a
total of $ 20 million; but of 18,000 applicants for sustenance grants for
clothing, food and other necessities, it had issued a total of $ 2.7 million to
2,500 victims.

Of the $ 5.8 billion in emergency relief appropriated by Congress, FEMA will be
responsible for $ 2 billion. However, the majority of that money will go for
public works projects such as repairing damaged roads and bridges, rather than
to individual assistance.

The SBA distributed about 40,000 loan applications, but because of the
complexity of the paperwork about 3,000 have been completed and returned. About
half of them, loans with interest as low as 4 percent, have been approved so
far.

FEMA's biggest problem, officials said, continues to be the gulf between public
perceptions of what the agency can do and the reality of its mandate under
disaster assistance rules and regulations.

"Expectations are far above what the realities are. That's a little bit our
fault and a little bit of the public's fault, I suppose. But the fact is, while
we sure can help people, we can't put them back the way they were before," said
Alex Webster, a FEMA spokesman.

For example, he said, the widely publicized individual and family grant program,
three-quarters of which is funded by FEMA and one-quarter by the state, provides
outright grants of up to $ 11,900 for eligible disaster victims to meet expenses
not covered by insurance or other relief programs.

However, what is not generally known is that the program is aimed at families
living at or below the poverty level and persons who are jobless or unable to
qualify for low interest loans under other federal assistance programs.

"We're applying the rules as the government requires us to. But if someone gets
it in their head that we're here passing out free checks for $ 11,900 and then
we tell them they don't qualify for that particular program because their income
is too high, well, it's like a positive and negative wire coming together. The
sparks start flying," Dew said.

The result often is that the homeowner is advised by an impersonal and
bureaucratic-sounding letter that an application has been denied, but that they
may apply for an SBA loan.

"I can understand that," Dew said. "If I was on their side of the fence and did
not understand the system, I'd be mad also. What we have to do is get that
understanding of what we can legally do right up front."

Sometimes, FEMA also suffers by comparison when charities like the Salvation
Army and church groups move quickly into a devastated neighborhood and begin
passing out food, clothing and vouchers for other necessities with little more
than a brief interview and a glance at a driver's license.

Flood victims who have benefited from such largess -- made possible because the
private groups, unlike federal agencies, simply can take a victim's word at face
value -- often contrast that kind of quick gratification with their experience
at a FEMA application center, where they are handed a sheath of forms and
brochures and are told to wait for days or weeks for a response.

Keith Collings, an eighth-grade public schoolteacher, watched as volunteers from
the United Council of Churches in Harrisburg, Pa., installed new drywall in his
damaged house this week. He then made the inevitable comparison to FEMA.

"Look at them. They're just great. Everyone was talking about FEMA promising $
11,900, but no one I know has received anything like that. But these Christian
groups are saving our houses," said Collings. He said he had been told he could
apply for an SBA loan, but did not pick up an application because "I still have
an SBA loan from a flood three years ago. I don't want to get any more in debt."


LOAD-DATE: October 14, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

CORRECTION-DATE: August 14, 1993, Saturday, Final Edition

CORRECTION: The name of disaster relief official Benard Dew was misspelled
yesterday in a Federal Page article about the Federal Emergency Management
Agency.

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, DISASTER AID OFFICIAL BERNARD DEW, LEFT, LISTENS TO THE WOES OF
FLOOD VICTIM JERRY GOLWAY NEAR DES MOINES YESTERDAY. BUZZ ORR FOR TWP

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1993 The Washington Post


                              205 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Star-News (Wilmington, NC)

                            November 21, 2010 Sunday
                                  1ST Edition

BYLINE: Ken Little; Citydesk@StarNewsOnline.com

SECTION: Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 798 words


Disaster recovery centers offering grants to those affected by Tropical Storm
Nicole are now closed in three area counties, but assistance remains available
through the Federal Emergency Management Agency until Dec. 13.

The same is true for the Small Business Administration, which offers
low-interest loans to businesses and individuals impacted by the record-breaking
storm.

The public is taking advantage of FEMA grants and SBA loans, FEMA spokesman Ted
Stuckey said.

Through the end of business Tuesday, more than $5.4 million in FEMA grants and
SBA loans hed been approved in the 14-county federal disaster area that includes
New Hanover, Brunswick and Pender counties, Stuckey said.

Nearly $4 million is in the form of FEMA grants. More than 530 people registered
at the Brunswick County disaster recovery center, 335 in Pender County and 168
in the New Hanover County center.

"I think the response has been pretty good, and I think people have been out
there doing what they are supposed to do," Stuckey said.

SBA spokesman Richard Daigle said a total of $1.69 million in SBA low-interest
loans had been approved in the 14-county disaster area.

"That number is growing every day as loans are approved," Daigle said.

Once the SBA receives a loan application, it takes about 14 days for a decision
to be made on home loans and 10 days for business loans.

"The clock doesn't start ticking until we get a completed loan application,"
Daigle said.

The public may have some misconceptions about SBA loans, which cover uninsured
losses and can be obtained for as low as 2.5 percent interest, Daigle said.

"These are not loans from banks. These are direct federal loans specifically
intended for disaster victims," he said.

Daigle said it's a good idea for business owners, homeowners and renters who
sustained physical damage or "economic injury" in the storm to fill out an SBA
application, whether or not they actually plan to follow through.

"Once they are accepted, they can see what it can do for them and use it or not
use it," Daigle said. "If (the loan application) is not approved, it
automatically gets referred to FEMA to get additional grant assistance. For
these reasons we strongly encourage everyone who was affected to apply for SBA
disaster loans."

One business that felt the brunt of Tropical Storm Nicole was Carolina Beach
Bait & Tackle at 616 S. Lake Park Blvd., not far from the 11-acre lake in
Carolina Beach that overflowed into the surrounding properties during the severe
storms and flooding between Sept. 27 and Oct. 1.

About 22 to 24 inches of rain fell on the island.

At least 35 residential and commercial properties were impacted, causing an
estimated loss of $143,000, town officials said.

About 15 inches of standing water collected inside the bait and tackle shop and
remained there three days, manager Ron Glass said.

Economic damage

The mess was cleaned up in time to open for business by Oct. 2, but economic
damage at the peak of the fall fishing season had already been done.

Other businesses along the stretch of South Lake Park Boulevard near the lake
also sustained losses, Glass said.

"The main thing is that we lost three days of business between Thursday and
Saturday," said Glass, who estimated at least $1,500 in sales lost each day.

Carolina Beach Bait & Tackle's owners are considering federal aid options, he
said.

"It hit us in our pocketbook because fishermen want to come down and fish, but
if there's water in the road they will turn around and fish somewhere else," he
said.

"If they would have drained the lake, it wouldn't have flooded around here."

Tim Owens, Carolina Beach town manager, said the town "did everything we could
do to contain the rising waters."

The small lake holds about 11 million to 11.5 million <0x000A>gallons of water,
and an <0x000A>estimated 150 million gallons of water flowed through it over the
course of the four-day rain event, Owens said.

Across the 14 counties in the presidential disaster declaration area, FEMA
community relations teams distributed assistance <0x000A>information to more
than 4,500 individuals through door-to-door canvassing.

Information was also circulated to 1,484 businesses, 568 houses of worship and
352 community-based organizations, according to a Nov. 15 letter from FEMA to
Warren Lee, New Hanover County emergency management director.

Through Nov. 14, $50,270 was provided to New <0x000A>Hanover County residents
for temporary housing needs and $8,207 for other needs, according to FEMA.

Individuals can register with FEMA online at www.DisasterAssistance.gov or by
calling toll-free 800-621-FEMA (3362), or TTY 800-462-7585.

For more information about SBA loans, call (800) 659-2955. To apply for a loan
online, go to www.sba.gov

Region desk: 343-2389

On Twitter.com: <0x000A>@StarNewsOnline

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2010 Star-News, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              206 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Fergus Falls Daily Journal, Minn

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 26, 2014 Tuesday

A shiny, new truck: Ashby Fire getting new equipment

BYLINE: Seth Johnson, Fergus Falls Daily Journal, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 468 words


Aug. 26--The 1979 Chevrolet tanker will be taken out of operation sometime
within the next 10 months to make room for a new truck thanks to an Assistance
to Firefighters grant administered by the Federal Emergency Management Agency
and the Department of Homeland Security.

"It means less time, more water and more safety," said fire chief Mark Zlotnick.

The tanker truck is a crucial part of rural firefighting. While cities have fire
hydrants that provide large amounts of water with the turn of a wrench, most of
the calls the Ashby Fire Department receives are miles from hydrants. Tanker
trucks act as mobile water supplies that can be filled up in town or at a lake,
said Zlotnick.

It is unsure exactly what truck the fire department will get because FEMA has
very specific grant guidelines that will dictate the purchase. The bid
specifications have been published and will open Sept. 5.

"We hope to have a shiny new truck by June 30, 2015," he
said.0826.OTR.Ashby.Fire.Truck.After

Fire departments throughout the U.S. apply for funding through the Assistance to
Firefighters Grant program each year. Grants are given to purchase equipment,
protective gear, emergency vehicles, training and other resources. Vehicle
grants are the most difficult to receive. About 40 percent of total applications
are submitted for vehicle acquisition, but only about 2 percent are awarded.

The deal became official on July 4 when the grant approval was posted online.
Zlotnick received a call from Senator Al Franken's office and the State Fire
Marshal notifying him of the approval.

Ashby's new truck will carry a price tag of $210,000. AFG will pay $199,500 (95
percent), and the local fire department will cover $10,500 (5 percent).

"You can't ask for a better deal than that," Zlotnick said.

The biggest issue with the tanker truck being used now is safety, he said.

"It's old and tired, and it's leaking," said Zlotnick.

The truck is also missing some key safety features like adequate emergency
lights and shoulder safety belts in the cab.

"The safety of our personnel has to be our first priority," he said.

Along with significantly updated safety features, the new truck will bring with
it some improved firefighting capabilities.

It will carry a 2,000-gallon tank compared to the current 1,500-gallon tank, and
it will also have pumping capabilities, so fires can be fought from the tanker
itself if needed.

"This new truck will be instrumental in improving our ability to respond safely
and effectively to fires in our 108 square-mile primary response area and to
provide mutual aid to our neighboring communities," Zlotnick said.

___ (c)2014 the Fergus Falls Daily Journal (Fergus Falls, Minn.) Visit the
Fergus Falls Daily Journal (Fergus Falls, Minn.) at www.fergusfallsjournal.com
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20140826-1FF-A-shiny-new-truck-Ashby-Fire-getting-new-equipment-0826-20140826

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1FF


                Copyright 2014 Fergus Falls Daily Journal, Minn


                              207 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Palestine Herald-Press (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 19, 2009 Sunday

Texas receives $2B in disaster aid

BYLINE: Palestine Herald-Press, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 704 words


Apr. 19--AUSTIN  -- Federal assistance to help Texans recover from the Hurricane
Ike disaster has topped $2 billion, the Federal Emergency Management Agency
announced Friday.

The disaster assistance  -- in the form of grants and low-interest disaster
loans from the U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA)  -- now totals just over
$2 billion, and continues to increase daily as communities, homeowners, renters
and business owners move forward with their recovery efforts, said officials
from FEMA and the Texas Governor's Division of Emergency Management.

"The $2 billion mark is an important milestone in the Hurricane Ike recovery
effort," Brad Harris, federal coordinating officer, said. "Those dollars have
helped put roofs over displaced Texans' heads and they have contributed to the
recovery from storm-related losses. They also have helped get roads cleared and
repaired, communities operating and much more."

--More than $526.4 million has been disbursed for disaster assistance under the
Individuals and Households Program. This includes $406.4 million in housing
assistance and $120.4 million in other needs assistance. Additionally, Texans
who lost jobs as a result of the storm have received a total of nearly $6.8
million in disaster unemployment assistance.

--FEMA has paid more than $96 million for the hotel stays of displaced Texans
under the transitional sheltering program.

--Total public assistance grants to the state, to local governments and
nonprofit groups total $773.9 million. Included in that total is $360.5 million
for debris removal, $335.4 million for emergency protective measures, and $69.4
million for repairs to roads and bridges, water control facilities, public
buildings, public utilities, and recreational and other areas. Also included are
$8.5 million in grants for state management costs.

--The SBA has approved $602.4 million in low-interest disaster loans, including
$422.9 million to individuals and $179.5 million to businesses of all sizes.

Meanwhile, FEMA and its state and local partners are nearly complete with
several important missions.

The clean-up of debris in areas eligible for FEMA funding is 97 percent complete
and the direct housing mission is more than 99 percent complete.

"Seven months into the recovery effort, with an enormous effort by everyone
involved, we are seeing progress in Texas communities," Joan Haun, state
coordinating officer, said. "Although there is still work to do, the federal
funds have certainly helped us along the road to recovery."

The presidential disaster declaration for Hurricane Ike included public
assistance funding for 50 counties and one tribal nation, and individual
assistance for 34 counties and the tribal nation. In all, the area affected by
Hurricane Ike covered more than 42,000 square miles, almost the size of the
state of Tennessee.

More information is available online at www.fema.gov/ike or
www.txdps.state.tx.us/dem.

Disaster recovery assistance is available without regard to race, color,
religion, nationality, sex, age, disability, English proficiency or economic
status. If you or someone you know has been discriminated against, call FEMA
toll-free at 800-621-FEMA (3362). For TTY call 800-462-7585.

The Small Business Administration (SBA) is the federal government's primary
source of money for the long-term rebuilding of disaster-damaged private
property. SBA helps homeowners, renters, businesses of all sizes, and private
nonprofit organizations fund repairs or rebuilding efforts, and cover the cost
of replacing lost or disaster-damaged personal property. These disaster loans
cover uninsured and uncompensated losses and do not duplicate benefits of other
agencies or organizations.

For information about SBA programs, applicants may call 1-800-659-2955 (TTY
1-800-877-8339).

To see more of the Palestine Herald-Press, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.palestineherald.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, Palestine Herald-Press,
Texas Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090419-PQ-Texas-receives-2B-in-disaster-aid-0419

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PQ


                                 Copyright 2009


                              208 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           The Orange Leader (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 6, 2011 Thursday

BRIEF: River authority helping communities to develop economically

BYLINE: David Ball, The Orange Leader, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 226 words


Oct. 06--ORANGE -- In addition to tending to the area's water needs, the Sabine
River Authority of Texas also acts as a catalyst for economic development,
according to Ann Galassi, economic development manager.

The SRA board of directors approved community assistance program grants at their
last meeting held in September in Many, La.

"We've been doing an economic development initiative since 2002 in 21 counties.
We assist with grants for water and waste water projects in our basin," she
said.

Some of the types of projects may range from water supply and conservation, to
filtration and lift stations. In fact, the Orangefield Water Supply Corporation
applied to purchase a generator for emergencies so customers won't lose service
during a power outage. The SRA also funded projects for the cities of Orange,
Pinehurst, Bridge City and West Orange in the past.

The Community Assistance Program is to help promote the improvement of the
quality and quantity of services essential for the development of a viable
community.

Galassi said entities may apply for funds four times a year. The fund may be up
to 15 years. The first round of funding started September 1 and lasts through
August 31 for the fiscal year.

___ (c)2011 The Orange Leader (Orange, Texas) Visit The Orange Leader (Orange,
Texas) at www.orangeleader.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111006-XY-BRF-River-authority-helping-communities
-to-develop-economically-1006-20111006

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: XY


                        Copyright 2011 The Orange Leader


                              209 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 Moree Champion

                               February 12, 2014

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 461  words


<b><p>Minister for Western NSW and Member for Barwon Kevin Humphries has
welcomed today's announcement the NSW Government will provide additional
assistance for drought-stricken farmers.</p></b>

Minister for Western NSW and Member for Barwon Kevin Humphries has welcomed
today's announcement the NSW Government will provide additional assistance for
drought-stricken farmers.

Mr Humphries said that among the range of measures contained within the
emergency drought assistance package included the expansion of a temporary
package of emergency in-drought support measures to an additional 19 local
government areas (LGAs) in NSW.

The temporary emergency assistance package will be expanded to include the LGAs
of: Armidale; Bogan; Central Darling; Cobar; Coonamble; Gilgandra; Glen Innes;
Gunnedah; Guyra; Gwydir; Inverell; Moree Plains; Narrabri; Tamworth Regional;
Tenterfield; Uralla; Walcha; Warren; and Warrumbungle, as well as the
Unincorporated Area.

 'These new measures will help many communities across Western NSW at a time
when they need help most,' Mr Humphries said.

 'Most of our primary producers in Western NSW have only had two of the past ten
years free of either drought or flood and although landholders had been well
prepared, the current drought has been longer and dryer than anticipated.

 'These assistance measures will make a significant difference to the ability of
primary producers in communities throughout Western NSW to deal with the tough
conditions they are currently facing.

 In November 2013 the NSW Government announced a $7.6 million emergency
assistance package for the Bourke, Brewarrina and Walgett LGAs. Today's
announcement increases the amount allocated to the support package to $14.6
million.

 Minister for Primary Industries Katrina Hodgkinson said the measures - which
are back-dated to 1 July 2013 for the Bourke, Brewarrina and Walgett local
government areas and will be back-dated to 1 January 2014 for the new areas -
include:

' Up to $20,000 per producer in the form of a Transport Assistance
Reimbursement;

' Up to $30,000 per producer for Emergency Water Infrastructure Grants; and

' The waiving of Western Lands Lease payments, Local Land Services rates and
Wild Dog Destruction Board rates for a 12-month period, where applicable.

'Seasonal conditions are deteriorating at a rapid rate across a large portion of
NSW and I am concerned at the severity and speed at which this drought is moving
across the landscape,' Ms Hodgkinson said.

'While the NSW Government recognises that producers must make sound management
decisions and implement extensive preparedness measures to deal with adverse
seasonal conditions, no matter how well a farmer may prepare for drought, it is
impossible to completely drought-proof a property.'

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2014 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              210 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 10, 2014 Thursday

Owens announces emergency funding grants for May flood victims

LENGTH: 281  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the House of Representative Bill Owens, U.S Government has issued the
following news release:

The Federal Emergency Management Administration (FEMA) today announced the
availability of emergency grant funding for Herkimer and Lewis counties
following a major disaster declaration for flooding that took place in New York
State from May 13-22, 2014. Public Assistance (PA) grants are available to
assist with emergency work and the repair or replacement of disaster-damaged
facilities.

To assist in the flooding recovery, PA grants are available to local governments
and some private non-profit organizations that provide educational, utility,
emergency, medical, custodial care, irrigation, rehabilitation, shelter
workshops, health and safety services, and other essential services.  Non-profit
museums, zoos, community centers, libraries, homeless shelters, and senior
citizen centers affected by this flooding may also be eligible for PA grants.

Disaster assistance is also available for all counties in New York State for
Hazard Mitigation (HM), which includes actions taken to prevent or reduce
long-term risk to life and property from natural hazards.

HM grants are provided to state, local and tribal governments to implement
long-term hazard mitigation measures after a major disaster declaration, to
reduce the loss of life and property due to natural disasters and support
disaster mitigation. FEMA can fund up to 75 percent of the eligible costs of
each project. Individual homeowners and businesses may not apply directly to the
program; however, a community may apply on behalf of homeowners and businesses.

For further information please visit: http://owens.house.gov

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              211 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Tenterfield Star

                               February 18, 2014

Temporary drought package announced

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 484  words


AFTER continued pressure the State Government has announced additional
assistance measures for drought-stricken farmers in NSW.

The measures include the expansion of a temporary package of emergency
in-drought support measures to Tenterfield and an additional 19 other local
government areas.

The announcement increases the amount allocated to the support package to $14.6
million.

The temporary emergency assistance package will be expanded to include the LGAs
of Tenterfield, Armidale, Glen Innes, Guyra, Gwydir, Inverell and Walcha among
others.

Minister for Primary Industries Katrina Hodgkinson and NSW Deputy Premier Andrew
Stoner made the announcement in Tamworth last week.

As part of the extra funding, farmers will have access to transport subsidies,
water infrastructure grants and Local Land Services rates will be waived for 12
months, backdated to January.

Mr Stoner said the NSW Government's temporary measures are funded through to 30
June 2014, and called on the Commonwealth Government to urgently release details
of its own proposed assistance package.

'The NSW Liberal and Nationals Government have taken the extra steps to ensure
drought-affected communities and primary producers receive vital support,' the
Deputy Premier said.

'While the NSW Government has expanded its assistance measures, there is a clear
need for the Commonwealth to now put forward a comprehensive package to assist
primary producers to respond to this drought.

'Despite our landholders being drought-prepared and on the front foot when it
comes to maximising their properties' water storage, this extreme weather has
delivered a real blow to their way of life.

'This comprehensive package will ensure these landholders and communities are
assisted now while they deal with this crisis.'

Member for Northern Tablelands Adam Marshall welcomed the extension of emergency
assistance measures.

'Primary producers in the Northern Tablelands region are world class and have
prepared as well as they could for this drought, but as it has moved beyond any
reasonable level of preparedness, I know many will welcome this assistance
package,' he said.

Tenterfield Shire mayor Peter Petty said the area was struggling through a
difficult period.

'Adam (Marshall) has done a great job in pushing this,' Cr Petty said.

Cr Petty said areas to the western side of the shire like Mingoola were in
desperate need of assistance.

'My word they do, the rivers are a problem and there's no feed ' we're in a very
dry time,' he said.

While other areas in the New England have introduced water restrictions Cr Petty
said the decision to follow suit would rest with the Director of Engineering.

Prime Minister Tony Abbott said on Monday that struggling farmers should also be
able to access emergency income support by next month.

Agriculture Minister Barnaby Joyce is reportedly pushing for a further $280
million of loans to be made available to farmers.

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2014 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              212 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                  OCTOBER 26, 1999 Tuesday CNEW JERSEY EDITION

WHITMAN SIGNS BILL FOR DISASTER RELIEF THE $80 MILLION WILL GO TO HELP RESIDENTS
HIT BY TROPICAL STORM FLOYD AND DROUGHT. HER ACTION CAME QUICKLY AFTER PASSAGE.

BYLINE: Suzette Parmley, INQUIRER TRENTON BUREAU

SECTION: SOUTH JERSEY; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 651 words

DATELINE: TRENTON


An $80 million disaster relief bill became law yesterday, clearing the way for
New Jersey to begin distributing financial aid to residents hardest hit by
Tropical Storm Floyd and the summer drought.

Gov. Whitman announced that one-fourth of the aid, or $20 million, would be in
the form of block grants to nine counties declared disaster areas by President
Clinton. The grants will be awarded to each county, depending on the severity of
the damage and needs unmet by the Federal Emergency Management Agency. Those
grants would be distributed by the state Department of Community Affairs.

"Over the past several weeks, it has become increasingly clear that Tropical
Storm Floyd was the worst natural disaster to strike New Jersey," Whitman said
at the bill-signing ceremony in her outer office. "We've seen an enormous
outpouring of help.

"But it's not going to be enough. That's why we're here today - to offer
additional assistance from the state to those most severely affected by this
disaster."

Whitman said that to expedite the application process for grants and loans and
to prevent duplication in aid, the state Office of Emergency Management would
review all FEMA applications to determine the difference between what FEMA would
cover and what the state would now cover.

The Emergency Disaster Relief Act of 1999 was passed by the Senate, 35-0, and
the Assembly, 76-0, 30 minutes before its signing. The money for the program
will be taken from the state's surplus, called the Rainy Day Fund.

About $20 million of the $80 million will be in grants and loans to flood
victims who suffered losses not covered by any other source, such as federal
assistance or insurance.

The Department of Agriculture will get an additional $20 million to provide
grants, zero- and low-interest loans, and other financial assistance to farmers
who suffered crop loss or damage as a result of the drought.

The bill's remaining $20 million will be split as follows: $10 million for
flood-mitigation expenses, such as removing home furnaces and hot-water heaters;
$5 million to the Department of Community Affairs to aid distressed
municipalities; and $5 million for the Department of Treasury to reimburse state
agencies for administrative costs.

Whitman said the nine counties that were declared federal disaster areas were
sent guidelines yesterday on how to apply for the $20 million in block grants.
The counties are Mercer, Somerset, Middlesex, Hunterdon, Union, Essex, Morris,
Bergen and Passaic.

"Keep in mind that these are grants," Whitman said. "They do not have to be paid
back like loans."

The state's remaining 12 counties are eligible for public assistance only for
emergency protective measures and debris removal.

Floyd's aftermath and the issue of who should bear the financial burden of
recovery - whether it be the state, federal government, or both - became
enmeshed in politics. Whitman wrote several letters to President Clinton saying
emergency federal assistance was critical because New Jersey could do only so
much.

A week after Floyd hit, Senate President Donald T. DiFrancesco (R., Union)
sponsored the $80 million disaster relief bill, but there was no companion bill
in the Assembly because it was on a four-month hiatus until after the Assembly
elections next Tuesday.

But with growing public pressure and fears that Democrats would use the flood
controversy as an election issue in Republican-controlled districts, Assembly
Speaker Jack Collins (R., Salem) summoned the Assembly Appropriations Committee
last week to craft companion legislation and scheduled a floor vote for today.

Considered the worst natural disaster to ever hit New Jersey, Floyd caused
anywhere from $500 million to $1 billion in property damage in the state. It
destroyed 71 homes, 1,208 apartment units and 25 businesses.

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1999 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              213 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                           January 10, 1998, Saturday

Victims of flood can learn about aid

BYLINE: GRAHAM BRINK

SECTION: HERNANDO TIMES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 358 words

DATELINE: RIDGE MANOR



Officials from federal, state and county disaster relief agencies will  explain
assistance programs to flood victims and answer questions at the Ridge  Manor
Community Center at 10 this morning.

Representatives of the Federal Emergency Management Agency, the U.S. Small
Business Administration and the American Red Cross will explain how victims  can
receive temporary housing, mortgage and rental assistance, repair loans  and
grants, food and other necessities.

State and county emergency management officials will answer questions about
what flood victims can expect in the coming weeks. The county's engineering  and
health departments also plan to send representatives to help with  inquiries.

County Engineer Charles Mixson will bring aerial photographs of the flood  zone.

The Ridge Manor Property Owners Association, which organized today's  meeting,
has scheduled a similar meeting at the community center at 7:30 p.m.  Monday.
The community center is at 34240 Cortez Blvd., about a quarter-mile  west of
U.S. 301.

Here is other news from the flood zone:

The Sheriff's Office does not plan to increase patrols now that the river
officially is closed to all watercraft, spokeswoman Deanna Dammer said.

The sheriff's helicopter will continue flyovers, and marine and road units  will
proceed with regular patrols. Anyone caught on the river could receive a
citation for violating a county ordinance. Flood victims who can access their
homes only by boat are exempt from the ban but should keep wakes to a minimum.

FEMA will open a disaster assistance center Monday at 31138 Cortez Blvd. in  the
Sunrise Plaza near Ridge Manor. The county is providing furniture, copiers  and
fax machines to get the center running. Residents needing assistance are  asked
to register with FEMA at (800) 462-9029 before going to the center.

The river receded slightly, to 15.9 feet Friday, almost 4 feet above flood
stage. The weekend forecast called for little or no rain.

Flood zone residents should continue drinking bottled water, and anyone with
open wounds should stay out of the water, authorities said.

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: HERNANDO TIMES

                    Copyright 1998 Times Publishing Company


                              214 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Andover Townsman (Massachusetts)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             May 20, 2010 Thursday

Feds bail out 145 Andover flood applicants

BYLINE: Judy Wakefield, Andover Townsman, Mass.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 593 words


May 20--Andover home and business owners who suffered damage from this spring's
heavy rains are taking better advantage of federal assistance than people in
surrounding communities.

Two very rainy weekends in March will never be forgotten by many residents.
Numerous residents and small business owners pumped out basements for days as
Mother Nature dropped some 10 inches of record-setting rain one weekend, March
13 and 14, and dropped more rain the following weekend.

Now, two months later, FEMA has announced that 145 Andover residents without
flood insurance applied for federal aid, and will receive some $204,000 in
grants and low interest loans to help cover the cost flood-related repairs. The
aid comes in the form of disaster assistance grants and low-interest disaster
loans, according to Omar Fraser, public information officer, FEMA External
Affairs.

"We update the list about every two weeks," Fraser said. "Right now, those are
the totals for Andover."

Lawrence, Methuen and North Andover have fewer claims than Andover and as a
result, less money is expected to help residents there.

Andover Police Lt. James Hashem serves as the town's emergency director and he
believes the town's push to get flood-related financial help information to
residents is why the town leads FEMA's local list.

"We had phone numbers and website addresses on our town website," Hashem said.
"We were very aggressive."

Residences and businesses in flood zones require flood insurance and those
owners could file claims through their insurance company, Hashem said. In
Andover, many affected properties were not located in flood zones and those
homeowners and businesses filed with FEMA, he said.

Hashem said rising levels of ground water was a major problem in Andover.

"Those other communities had damage from the overflowing rivers, and properties
near those rivers had flood insurance. We got hit harder with the ground water
damage outside flood zones," he said.

In total, FEMA claims in Massachusetts due to the March rains exceeded $54
million as some 30,000 applicants applied for aid.

The list of FEMA claimants is not public information, Fraser said. Only town
tallies are being released by FEMA.

Meanwhile, Andover town government will also file for FEMA help as a result of
the March rain. Hashem said that process just started and it will be weeks
before the town government finds out if any relief money is coming to it.

Aid applications for businesses and residences are being accepted by FEMA until
next Friday, May 28. Recovery officials urged homeowners, renters and business
owners who sustained losses to apply for assistance by registering online at
www.DisasterAssistance.gov, or by calling 800-621-FEMA (3362). The number is
800-462-7585 (TTY) for people with speech or hearing disabilities. The toll-free
telephone numbers are open daily from 7 a.m. to 10 p.m. Multilingual assistance
is available.

FEMA HELP

Federal Emergency Management Agency assistance totals, by town, for residents
and small businesses as a result of the record-setting rainfall in March:

ANDOVER$204,070.92

METHUEN$149,810.53

NORTH ANDOVER$143,409.61

LAWRENCE$ 81,908.85

To see more of the Andover Townsman or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.andovertownsman.com. Copyright (c) 2010, Andover Townsman, Mass.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100520-XA-FLOOD-ASSISTANCE-20100520

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: XA


                        Copyright 2010 Andover Townsman


                              215 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 23, 2013 Monday

Louisiana: NM Officials face Dec. 27 Deadline For Requests For Public Assistance

LENGTH: 418  words

DATELINE: Baton Rouge


Emergency Management Agency, The State of Louisiana has issued the following
news release:

Severe storms and flooding that took place Sept. 9th through 22nd damaged public
facilities and roads in15 New Mexico counties. President Barack Obama signed a
disaster declaration for 15 New Mexico counties on Oct. 29.

On Nov. 27, De Baca, Dona Ana, Harding, Lincoln, Otero, Rio Arriba, San Juan
counties, and the Isleta, Sandia, and Taos Pueblos and the Navajo Nation were
added to the declaration.

Now, state agencies, local governments, tribal entities, community ditch
associations and certain private nonprofit agencies must file Requests for
Public Assistance (RPA) with the State of New Mexico for reimbursement under the
Federal Emergency Management Agency's (FEMA) Public Assistance (PA) Grant
Program.  Officials in these counties and pueblos who have not already done so
must file their RPAs with the State of New Mexico no later than Close of
Business on Dec. 27.

Filing such a request with the state is the first step in the process of
applying for federal reimbursements under FEMA's PA Grant Program.

These grants are obligated to the state in order to reimburse eligible
applicants for expenses incurred while taking emergency measures to protect
lives and property. These measures include cleaning up downed trees, power poles
and other debris and repairing public infrastructure, including roads, bridges
and public utilities. Under a cost-sharing formula, FEMA reimburses the state
for 75 percent of the total costs, while the state and/or applicant pay the
remaining 25 percent.

This deadline does not apply to counties not included in this declaration.
Officials in these counties who have questions about Requests for Public
Assistance should contact Brian Williams at 505-476-9601.

"Recovering from such widespread flooding takes a lot of effort and can be
expensive," said Federal Coordinating Officer Nancy Casper. "The process of
getting reimbursed for these expenses starts with filing an RPA."

Although the program is oriented to public entities, certain private nonprofit
organizations may apply directly to FEMA via the RPA for uninsured costs of
debris removal and emergency protective measures. Additionally, nonprofits may
qualify for FEMA assistance to make infrastructure repairs if they provide
critical services, such as fire and emergency rescue; medical treatment; power,
water and sewer resources and communications systems.

For further information please visit: http://www.fema.gov/

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              216 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                           December 5, 2012 Wednesday

Former Jamaica homeowners updated on Irene buyout process

BYLINE: By CHRIS MAYS / Reformer Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1014 words


Wednesday December 5, 2012

JAMAICA -- The four homeowners who lost their entire homes in a flood during
Tropical Storm Irene received an update Tuesday on the future of their
properties.

"It's been a struggle," said Tracy Payne. "But, I have hope."

Payne went from owning her house at 317 Water Street to renting a place in
Boston that costs her $1,500 a month.

She had bought the house in September of 2010 and lived in it for six months
until Irene came and took it away. She had gutted the house, hung the ceiling
and painted the whole house. Not being able to enjoy the fruit of her labors has
been frustrating, Payne told the Reformer.

"It was the most charming place to live. I had wonderful neighbors."

Her residence was one of four homes on Water Street, near the Depot Street
Bridge, that was washed down the West River by the Irene flood waters.

On Tuesday afternoon, the Jamaica Selectboard met with FEMA officials and other
interested parties to discuss potential buyouts of the properties destroyed in
Irene. Since the town had put in applications for the Hazard Mitigation Grant
Program, there has been concern over the homeowners' eligibility for the
program.

The special meeting took place to discuss alternative routes to getting buyouts
for the homeowners, whether or not FEMA approves their applications, which were
submitted in February.

"We all had big houses," said David Kaneshiro, another homeowner whose house was
destroyed in Irene. "It's all imagination now."

Kaneshiro told the Reformer that this was the only case of a row of houses being
completely destroyed in Vermont during the storm.

The homes on Water Street that Irene destroyed were all outside of a FEMA flood
zone map. So, although there hasn't been a definite answer about the homeowners'
eligibility, the FEMA officials wanted to inform the Selectboard and the
homeowners that there is a chance that the homes will not meet requirements for
HMGP buyouts.

Homeowners had assumed that they were located in a flood zone because their
homes were along the Bald Mountain Stream, which had seen an earlier disaster in
1976. But because the homes weren't in a designated flood zone, FEMA won't
automatically buy out the properties. Regulations for applicants who were not
included on the map must prove to be "price beneficial" and have significant
documentation to become eligible for HMGP buyouts, according to FEMA.

Unfortunately, none of the property owners had flood insurance when Irene hit.

A 100-year flood point was tested, which could have helped the homeowners become
eligible for the program. In testing, the base flood elevation was measured near
the property destroyed on Water Street. The height measurements came back and
proved that the homes on this street didn't meet standards that show a 1-percent
chance the structure could be affected by a flood in a given year.

"How far do we ask homeowners to chase this?" asked Paul Fraser, a Selectboard
member who also works with emergency management for the town. "They have been
homeless for 16 months. We're looking for hope."

State Rep. Oliver Olsen, R-Jamaica, who was also at the meeting, told the
Selectboard that it should continue to pursue HMGP funds and not give up just
yet. He believes the houses on Water Street clearly met the program's criteria
when the applications were first submitted.

Thad Leugemors, project manager for Science Applications International
Corporation, thought an idea worth presenting to FEMA could be improving the
road to better prepare for potential emergencies in the future and then FEMA
would have to offer buyouts.

If the HMGP process fails to help the homeowners, Community Development Block
Grant funds may be available. Since it is a form of community development, in
the sense that it is taking people out of a flood plain, this plan may be a good
alternative, according to several attendees of the meeting.

FEMA would pay 75 percent of the cost to buy out the property if the
applications meet the regulations. CDBG would most likely pick up the additional
25 percent if the HMGP buyouts were to occur.

So, funds from a CDBG were always in the picture.

The CDBG will most likely get assistance for funding from U.S. Housing and Urban
Development. HUD usually helps with non-competitive and non-recurring disaster
recovery projects by giving grants. The program aids recovery where needs were
left unmet by other federal disaster assistance programs.

"It's hard to hear, 'Here's some hope, but don't hope too much,'" Payne told
everyone at the meeting.

"It may not be a consolation, but I can tell you that it is unusual for a
community, CDBG and the Regional Planning commission to come together like
this," replied HMGP Task Force Leader Robert Bohlmann. "I've seen denials happen
fast. It's enlightening to see this."

"It makes me miss Vermont," said Payne.

Vermont has become known for its extensive help to homeowners using funds from
CDBGs. In other states, such as New York, it is practically unheard of. Usually,
money from those grants is used for more public work in the community.

"The thing that concerned me was, I said to myself, 'Why is all this power,
politicians included, coming down to potentially face a bunch of really angry
people with bad news?'" said Fraser. "They could of sent me an e-mail saying no.
But instead we have all this horsepower down here. We have resources that are
being identified by people who are in a position to make some decisions. We are
still stumbling in the dark but there is a difference in how the state has been
addressing this issue compared to other states. Even though they don't like the
results, they're still going to fight for them."

Several of the speakers discussed "rocks left unturned," which referred to the
HGMP applications that have still not been completely denied by FEMA as well as
alternative ways to make the buyouts still happen.

"Once again, I'm hopeful," said Payne. "I'm humbled by all of the time and
energy that everyone's put in to make sure we don't get left behind."

Chris Mays can be reached at 802-254-2311, ext. 273, orcmays@reformer.com .

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Water Street in Jamaica was severely damaged by Tropical Storm Irene,
including several homes that were completely washed away. (Zachary P.
Stephens/Brattleboro Reformer)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2012 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              217 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               India Energy News

                      November 26, 2012 Monday 6:30 AM EST

National Grid Announces Hurricane Sandy Emergency Economic and Community
Redevelopment Program for Gas Customers

LENGTH: 1047  words


New Delhi, Nov. 26 -- Thousands of National Grid's gas customers and communities
on Long Island and Brooklyn, Staten Island, Queens and the Rockaways have
experienced unprecedented devastation as a result of Hurricane Sandy and the
nor'easter that struck a week later. As the holidays rapidly approach, and as
the massive effort to recover continues, the company is launching a $30 million
aid program specifically to assist its hardest hit gas customers rebuild and
reconnect to the gas network.



Thousands of National Grid employees, supplemented by workers from across the
country, have been working around the clock for more than three weeks conducting
safety inspections and restoring service to customers affected by the storm.

"We've been doing everything we can to help our gas customers and communities
begin to recover after the devastating storms, and we greatly appreciate the
support for our customers from New York State, New York City, and other local
communities" said Ken Daly, president, National Grid - New York. "But we know we
need to do more, and that's why National Grid is providing $30 million in aid to
help our gas customers rebuild from this disaster. We live and work here, too.
This is our home and we are determined to help our communities recover and
rebuild."

National Grid's Hurricane Sandy Emergency Economic and Community Redevelopment
Program is designed to provide assistance to communities and customers who need
it now. The three-tier program is designed to complement funding allocated to
communities and businesses through federal and state/city programs, insurance or
other emergency sources. The company will be filing the program with the New
York State Public Service Commission shortly, and will be working with
HeartShare Human Services of New York to bring the program benefits to the
affected communities. HeartShare is a nonprofit human services agency dedicated
to improving the lives of people in need of special services and support.

Program funding is available within the entire designated disaster area in
National Grid's service areas on Long Island and in Brooklyn, Queens and Staten
Island, but is targeted to those gas customers, businesses, and communities most
impacted by the hurricane and flooding. The program is designed to support
vulnerable customers, encourage job retention in heavily impacted communities,
and to promote installation of energy efficient equipment and systems. A summary
of the program follows:

Tier 1

* Provides critical early-stage emergency funding to help National Grid's most
severely impacted residential customers receive inspections and re-establish
their natural gas service.

* Funds will be provided through a credit automatically applied to eligible
customer bills.

Tier 2

* Provides additional emergency funding to our most vulnerable residential
customers in the most impacted areas, to assist them in restoring natural gas
heat and hot water to their homes.

* HEAP eligible customers will be offered assistance to fully repair or replace
their boiler, natural gas furnace, and/or water heater up to $6,000.

* Customers not eligible for HEAP but who meet certain other need-based criteria
may also be eligible for funding to repair or replace their gas equipment up to
$3,000.

* The use of high efficiency heating equipment will be strongly encouraged for
all Tier 2 applications.

Tier 3

* Provides emergency grants of up to $250,000 to commercial, industrial and
multi-family housing customers in the most heavily impacted areas, to help
offset the costs of reconstructing buildings and restoring business activity.

* Program funds can be used for energy infrastructure repair and/or replacement,
construction, renovation and rehabilitation of eligible buildings.

* Customer applications must be reviewed and endorsed by a state, regional or
local economic development agency that is familiar with both the customer's
application and National Grid's program requirements.

Tier 1 credits will be applied automatically and do not require any action by
our customers. The company has been and will continue to contact customers who
might be eligible for Tier 2 and Tier 3, and additional information can be
obtained through the company's website at: www.nationalgrid.com

"Hurricane Sandy was an unprecedented storm and National Grid stepped up quickly
to help the most vulnerable New Yorkers. We have partnered with National Grid
for many years to help people heat their homes and we are happy to work with
them to help families repair and replace their heating equipment so they will
have heat again," said William R. Guarinello, president and chief executive of
HeartShare in New York. "All around New York we see signs of hope through
neighbors helping neighbors during this crisis. The road to recovery from Sandy
will happen one family at a time."

National Grid has been doing much more than restoring the physical damage
wrought by the storms. Community outreach and information centers have been set
up in the hardest-hit communities, and workers have been going door-to-door in
many areas making sure that customers understand the steps required to have
natural gas service safely restored in the wake of high winds and flood waters
that damaged their property. Hundreds of National Grid employees also have been
in the community to give out batteries, blankets, flashlights and other critical
supplies to customers.

Last year, when Hurricanes Irene and Lee ravaged parts of Upstate New York,
National Grid launched successful emergency program to help those communities
rebuild, particularly in hard-hit areas like Amsterdam, Cobleskill and most of
Schoharie County where flood waters devastated entire communities. The company
developed and implemented a special economic development program that provided
community rebuild grants in those hard-hit areas.

As the recovery effort continues, safety remains a primary concern. If you do
not smell natural gas but have no gas service, please call:

* Brooklyn, Queens and Staten Island: 718-643-4050

* On Long Island and the Rockaways: 1-800-930-5003

If customers smell natural gas they should call National Grid as soon as
possible at the following numbers:

* Brooklyn, Queens and Staten Island: 718-643-4050

* On Long Island and the Rockaways: 1-800-490-0045

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2012 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              218 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                           September 17, 2002 Tuesday

Area Briefs

BYLINE: Telegraph Herald Staff

SECTION: Pg. a3

LENGTH: 370 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Northeast Iowa benefits from watershed program

U.S. Sen. Tom Harkin, D-Iowa, announced Monday that Iowa will receive funding
for watershed recovery projects under the Emergency Watershed Protection
program.

According to the U.S. Department of Agriculture, Iowa will receive more than $$
@1.3 million to fund recovery efforts.

The money includes funding for river bank stabilization projects to protect
roads and bridges in Jackson County, Jones County, and the city of Cascade.

"I am very pleased that Iowa will receive $$ @1.3 million for (emergency
watershed protection) projects - enough to fund the state's existing backlog of
recovery projects," Harkin said. "These projects will not only stabilize river
banks and resolve immediate environmental problems but also will save Iowa
roads, bridges, and infrastructure, as well as taxpayer dollars."

The program provides funding for technical and financial assistance to
communities for watershed restoration and recovery work, including stabilization
of river banks. It also provides for the purchase of floodplain easements.

The program is administered by the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Natural
Resources Conservation Service.

Maria House receives grant

The Chicago office of U.S. Cellular has awarded a $$ @1,500 grant to Dubuque's
Maria House. The grant is funded through U.S. Cellular's corporate charitable
contribution program entitled Connecting with Our Communities.

The purpose of the grant is to assist Maria House with recreation and wellness
programs targeted toward its residents. Some examples of these programs include
attending holistic events, which enhance an individual's cultural, personal,
social, spiritual and physical development and health. Other examples include
supporting memberships to the Boys and Girls Club of Greater Dubuque and the
Dubuque Community Y to promote physical fitness and to build positive
relationships.

The mission of Maria House offers hospitality and opportunity to women, alone or
with children, who are in need of emergency transitional housing and related
support services. Since opening its doors on Sept. 25, 2000, approximately 120
residents have been served.

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2002 Woodward Communications, Inc.


                              219 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  The State Journal-Register (Springfield, IL)

                            March 7, 2001 Wednesday

Latest round of state grants awarded

BYLINE: STATE CAPITOL BUREAU

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 449 words


Gov. George Ryan this week announced the release of more than $1.5 million in
grants to help capital development projects for central and western Illinois,
including $85,000 for restoration and additions to the Lincoln Memorial Garden
and Nature Center in Springfield.

The Springfield center is one 39 public museums in Illinois to receive state
dollars from the Museum Capital Grants Program. The museum grants total $10
million.

"The Museum Capital Grants Program is providing much-needed support to local
initiatives that are strengthening the ability of museums to meet their
educational missions," Ryan said in a written statement.

Also this week, Taylorville officials learned they'll be getting $336,000 in
state funding to cover approximately half the cost of continuing installation of
new storm sewers in Ward 3, part of a five-phase project that began in 1996 to
install storm sewers throughout the city.

This portion of the project extends the new storm sewer over six blocks in the
southwest corner of town from Vandeveer and Houston streets north one block to
Adams and Simpson streets.

Taylorville Mayor Jim Montgomery Jr. said the city had applied for $400,000 in
state assistance and has received $1.2 million from the state for the storm
sewer project as a whole.

Montgomery said the city hopes to have the Ward 3 phase of the project done by
the end of this year. Phase four of the five-step project is expected to cost
$685,000.

The Department of Commerce and Community Affairs announced Taylorville's grant
through the state's Community Development Assistance Program.

Among other communities that received a share of the $24 million doled out for
various community projects was the village of Tovey, which received $80,000 to
design a connecting water line to Pawnee.

Among other Springfield-area grants announced this week is Illinois FIRST
funding that includes:

*  $175,000 to the Bunker Hill Fire Protection District to buy a new fire truck.

* $170,000 to the Chapin Rural Fire Association to buy a new fire truck and
safety equipment.

* $102,400 to the Logan County Sheriff's Department to buy defibrillators for
Logan, Mason, DeWitt, Woodford and Tazewell counties.

* $100,000 to the Murrayville-Woodson Emergency Ambulance Service to buy a new
and a used ambulance.

* $100,000 to the Scottville-Modesto Rural Fire Protection District to renovate
its stations and purchase a new fire truck.

* $100,000 to the city of Jacksonville to renovate the indoor firing range in
the Jacksonville Police Department.

* $60,000 to the Kilbourne Fire Protection District to buy a new fire truck.

* $50,000 to the Rural Pittsfield Fire Protection District to buy new fire
truck.

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: LOCAL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2001 The State Journal-Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              220 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 29, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: Labor Department announces up to $15M to aid recovery effort
following the water contamination crisis in Flint, Michigan

LENGTH: 426  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: U.S.Department of Labor has issued the following news release:



 The U.S. Department of Labor today announced a National Dislocated Worker Grant
for up to $15 million to the Michigan Strategic Fund to assist with humanitarian
and recovery efforts resulting from the contaminated water crisis in Flint,
Michigan. Of the $15 million announced today, $7.5 million will be released
initially to provide temporary employment for eligible individuals to assist
with the recovery work, as well as to offer these individuals career and
training services to help them find permanent work. Additional funding, up to
the amount approved, will be made available as the state demonstrates a
continued need for assistance.





 In 2015, the Hurley Children's Hospital in Flint began documenting elevated
levels of lead in the blood of its patients. After this phenomenon was traced to
the water supply, the Genesee County Health Department issued a "Do Not Drink"
advisory to the customers of the Flint Water Treatment Plant, which was followed
by numerous state and local emergency declarations in response to the crisis.



 "National Dislocated Worker Grants are an important way that the federal
government can assist workers, businesses and entire communities as they recover
from crisis," said U.S. Secretary of Labor Thomas E. Perez. "The investments
announced today will help the people of Flint repair the physical damage and
care for their neighbors, while also helping put area workers back on track to
sustainable careers in and around the community they love."



 The temporary jobs funded through this grant will focus on humanitarian
assistance, such as delivering water, water filters, replacement cartridges and
lead-testing kits to Flint residents affected by the water contamination. Other
activities may include repair, renovation and reconstruction work on the damaged
water lines, and subsequent clean up and recycling work. Approximately 400
temporary jobs will be created through these funds.



 This funding will also provide career and training services to participants to
assist them in finding permanent work. This project will allow temporary workers
to offer critical support to the relief operation itself, while also providing
them with much-needed workforce development opportunities. Participants will
receive structured and soft-skill training, assistance with career planning and
connections with local employers.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              221 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 10, 2016 Saturday

Washington: SCHUMER, GILLIBRAND ANNOUNCE MORE THAN $1.2 MILLION IN FEDERAL
FUNDING FOR KENSICO RESERVOIR IN WESTCHESTER COUNTY; FUNDING TO HELP FIX DAMAGE
CAUSED BY HURRICANE SANDY

LENGTH: 359  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Charles E. Schumer has issued the following
news release:



 U.S. Senators Charles E. Schumer and Kirsten Gillibrand today announced
$1,260,794.59 in federal funding for the Kensico Reservoir in Westchester County
to repair damages caused by Hurricane Sandy. This funding was provided through
the U.S. Department of Homeland Security's Federal Emergency Management Agency
(FEMA). The funds will be allocated to the New York Department of Environmental
Protection (DEP) and allow the state to make improvements to the reservoir
following its damage in the storm.





 "It is not enough to simply rebuild and repair; we must also prepare ourselves
for the next storm and the next potential flood. That's exactly what this
federal grant will do by helping ensure this reservoir is fully restored and
strengthened in order to protect against the next storm," said Senator Schumer.
"This federal funding will protect the Kensico Reservoir and allow it to deliver
the drinking water that millions of New York City residents rely on each day."



 "These federal funds will allow New York City to move forward with critical
water infrastructure renovations at Kensico Reservoir," said Senator Gillibrand,
a member of the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee. "Our communities
still feel the devastating effects of Superstorm Sandy; these funds are an
essential investment towards building necessary safeguards for when the next
storm hits to help maintain water quality and ensure residents have safe
drinking water. These renovations will help safeguard and reinforce our water
infrastructure."



 This funding is being provided under authority of Section 406 of the Robert T.
Stafford Act. This act was signed into law to deliver federal assistance to
states and localities during declared major disasters or emergencies. Assistance
can take the form of direct federal aid in terms of services, grants, and
technical support, or as reimbursement for services provided by or contracted
for by affected states.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              222 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 9, 2016 Friday

Washington: Schumer, Gillibrand Announce More Than $1.2 Million In Federal
Funding For Kensico Reservoir In Westchester County; Funding To Help Fix Damage
Caused By Hurricane Sandy

LENGTH: 359  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Kirsten Gillibrand has issued the following
news release:



 U.S. Senators Charles E. Schumer and Kirsten Gillibrand today announced
$1,260,794.59 in federal funding for the Kensico Reservoir in Westchester County
to repair damages caused by Hurricane Sandy. This funding was provided through
the U.S. Department of Homeland Security's Federal Emergency Management Agency
(FEMA). The funds will be allocated to the New York Department of Environmental
Protection (DEP) and allow the state to make improvements to the reservoir
following its damage in the storm.





 "It is not enough to simply rebuild and repair; we must also prepare ourselves
for the next storm and the next potential flood. That's exactly what this
federal grant will do by helping ensure this reservoir is fully restored and
strengthened in order to protect against the next storm," said Senator Schumer.
"This federal funding will protect the Kensico Reservoir and allow it to deliver
the drinking water that millions of New York City residents rely on each day."



 "These federal funds will allow New York City to move forward with critical
water infrastructure renovations at Kensico Reservoir," said Senator Gillibrand,
a member of the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee. "Our communities
still feel the devastating effects of Superstorm Sandy; these funds are an
essential investment towards building necessary safeguards for when the next
storm hits to help maintain water quality and ensure residents have safe
drinking water. These renovations will help safeguard and reinforce our water
infrastructure."



 This funding is being provided under authority of Section 406 of the Robert T.
Stafford Act. This act was signed into law to deliver federal assistance to
states and localities during declared major disasters or emergencies. Assistance
can take the form of direct federal aid in terms of services, grants, and
technical support, or as reimbursement for services provided by or contracted
for by affected states.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com a

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              223 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 9, 2016 Friday

Washington: Schumer, Gillibrand Announce More Than $1.2 Million In Federal
Funding For Kensico Reservoir In Westchester County; Funding To Help Fix Damage
Caused By Hurricane Sandy

LENGTH: 359  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Kirsten Gillibrand has issued the following
news release:



 U.S. Senators Charles E. Schumer and Kirsten Gillibrand today announced
$1,260,794.59 in federal funding for the Kensico Reservoir in Westchester County
to repair damages caused by Hurricane Sandy. This funding was provided through
the U.S. Department of Homeland Security's Federal Emergency Management Agency
(FEMA). The funds will be allocated to the New York Department of Environmental
Protection (DEP) and allow the state to make improvements to the reservoir
following its damage in the storm.





 "It is not enough to simply rebuild and repair; we must also prepare ourselves
for the next storm and the next potential flood. That's exactly what this
federal grant will do by helping ensure this reservoir is fully restored and
strengthened in order to protect against the next storm," said Senator Schumer.
"This federal funding will protect the Kensico Reservoir and allow it to deliver
the drinking water that millions of New York City residents rely on each day."



 "These federal funds will allow New York City to move forward with critical
water infrastructure renovations at Kensico Reservoir," said Senator Gillibrand,
a member of the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee. "Our communities
still feel the devastating effects of Superstorm Sandy; these funds are an
essential investment towards building necessary safeguards for when the next
storm hits to help maintain water quality and ensure residents have safe
drinking water. These renovations will help safeguard and reinforce our water
infrastructure."



 This funding is being provided under authority of Section 406 of the Robert T.
Stafford Act. This act was signed into law to deliver federal assistance to
states and localities during declared major disasters or emergencies. Assistance
can take the form of direct federal aid in terms of services, grants, and
technical support, or as reimbursement for services provided by or contracted
for by affected states.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com a

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              224 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 September 26, 1993, SUNDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

FLOOD OF MONEY; FEDERAL AID IS SOMETIMES UNCOORDINATED AND ARBITRARY

BYLINE: William H. Freivogel Of the Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: WAR PAGE; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 7080 words


UNCLE SAM HAS a thick bankroll for rebuilding levees, but loose change for
turning flooded farms into wetlands.

He has four different agencies to fund housing, but limited funds for moving
homes from the flood plain.

He has three accounts and billions of dollars to compensate farmers for lost
crops, but he does little to prevent those farmers from getting flooded again in
two or five or 10 years.

In short, the $ 5.7 billion-plus federal flood relief effort is a patchwork of
sometimes uncoordinated programs that puts greater emphasis on helping the
victims than making sure they won't become victims again.

That is what the Post-Dispatch found in a line-by-line analysis of how the money
appropriated by Congress last month is trickling down from Washington to the
flood victims.

By distributing money in the usual way - government agency-by-government agency
- key responsibilities are divided among two, three or even four federal
agencies, creating a crazy-quilt of regulations and bureaucracies.

In some cases there are excess funds in one government account and a shortage in
another. For example, while there is more money than needed in some Farmers Home
Administration programs, there is less than needed for buying out flooded
communities.

A particularly vexing problem is a law that skews the federal effort away from
"hazard mitigation" - a fancy term for preventing future flood damage.

The law says that the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) may not fund
hazard mitigation efforts that cost more than 10 percent of what it spends in
"public assistance grants" to rebuild communities after the flood.

That amount is unrealistically low, say federal officials and members of
congress.

Members of the Missouri congressional delegation hope to lift that cap this
fall. A bill introduced in the House by Rep. Harold L. Volkmer, D-Hannibal, and
a similar Senate bill introduced by Sen. Tom Harkin, D-Iowa, would raise the cap
to 15 percent and permit FEMA to waive it for the flood.

Here is a breakdown of where the federal money has gone: Crop Payments

Ten days ago, Andy Simon stood at the counter of the Agricultural Stabilization
and Conservation Service in St. Charles County. The mud caked on the boots of
this 31-year-old farmer from Portage des Sioux told part of the story of the
government's complex, expensive, duplicative crop program.

That morning, Simon had walked into his wet fields to take one last look at his
corn to see if he should harvest it or plow it under. By destroying the crop, he
would become eligible for a government price support check.

A clerk behind the counter used a hand computer to figure Simon's payment.
"Sometimes I don't understand how this program works myself," she muttered as
she pounded the keys.

When the math was done, Simon decided to destroy two-thirds of his corn and
harvest the best third.

In addition to this price support payment, Simon and other farmers will qualify
for a crop disaster payment. Nearly two out of every five dollars in the federal
flood relief bill were earmarked for this purpose.

Some farmers qualify for a third check to recover crop losses - a crop-insurance
payment for those with the foresight to buy one of the federally backed
insurance policies.

Simon didn't have one. Like 99 percent of the farmers in the flood plain in St.
Charles County, he thinks crop insurance is an expensive luxury.

Next year he'll have to buy crop insurance if he wants to collect his disaster
payment this year. But, after that, he can drop the insurance.

For Simon, government payments only recoup the costs of planting and allow him
to limp into next year when he can hope for a better crop on the two small farms
that he runs while working part-time at an agricultural co-op.

Although the crop payments are not a get-rich-quick scheme for farmers,
Agriculture officials concede that there are ways in which farmers unaffected by
the flood can take advantage of this year's flood relief bill

For example: A farmer can collect a price support payment even though he or she
never planted a crop. Farmers need only say they planned to plant.

Jean Robuck, executive director of Agricultural Stabilization in St.  Charles
County, acknowledges that this rule could be abused but says she doesn't think
false claims are widespread.  Soil Repair

At the same time the federal government is paying farmers for damaged crops, it
also is rebuilding the levees that protect their farms and it is paying to
repair the frequently flooded farmland.

From the point of view of farmers who have spent their lives on the bottom
lands, this makes sense. They want to keep farming their land.

From the perspective of environmentalists and some government managers, it
doesn't. The government is spending millions to keep farmers on land that will
inevitably flood again and trigger a new cycle of government payments.

A farmer can apply for a soil repair grant at the same Agricultural
Stabilization office where he or she applies for crop disaster payments.

At first, many area farmers feared they would not qualify for the $ 30 million
that Congress set aside for this "emergency conservation program." That's
because the Agriculture Department had a rule disqualifying farms involved in
three or more disasters within the last 25 years - a rule that appeared to apply
to area farms because many have flooded three times in two decades.

Under pressure from Volkmer, however, the Agriculture Department tossed out the
"3 in 25" rule. This was particularly important for St. Charles County farmers
on the Missouri River where the flood covered some farm land with several feet
of sand.  Levees

Across the still swollen Missouri River from the Agriculture office in St.
Charles is the FEMA disaster headquarters.

Ironically, FEMA is situated in an office building in Earth City, the industrial
park that was built two decades ago over the objections of environmentalists
upset about flood plain development.

In one corner of the FEMA office is a six-agency task force in charge of
deciding which levees should be rebuilt. The task force is supposed to provide
owners of damaged levees with alternatives.

The Army Corps of Engineers tells the owner if the levee qualifies for repair
and puts a price tag on the project. The Soil Conservation Service and U.S. Fish
and Wildlife Service provide other options, such as converting the fields to
wetlands.

The Corps of Engineers is the 1,000-pound gorilla of this task force for two
reasons. It has the most money, and nearly all the owners of damaged levees want
them rebuilt.

So far, the federal wetland reserve program has fizzled.

The Agriculture Department announced earlier this month that it expected to
commit as much as $ 92 million toward turning flooded farmland over to wetland
reserve.

But after long, involved discussions in Washington over what rules to follow, a
slimmed down, $ 15 million program is expected to emerge from the bureaucracy
next week, federal officials say.

Mike Wells, the Agriculture Department's assistant state conservationist in
Missouri, says that is too little money.

"Fifteen million will not be a whole lot of value for us," he said. "It's hardly
worth advertising to the farmers."

Partly because of the uncertainty over the program, local Agriculture officials
in Missouri and Illinois haven't received wetland reserve applications.

Even if farmers apply after the rules are known, they might not qualify, says
Renee Phillips, district conservationist in St. Charles County. Land covered
with several feet of sand does not make a good wetland because it supports
little growth, she said.

The bottom line is that despite the hoopla about wetland reserves, most of the
levees are being rebuilt.

As long as a levee meets Corps of Engineers criteria, there is enough money to
rebuild it, says Bob Florence, the recovery coordinator for the corps. In
addition to the $ 175 million to $ 235 million that Congress appropriated for
the corps in the flood relief bill, the agency has a regular account for
emergency reconstruction.

The corps has already decided to rebuild the main levees along the Missouri
River in St. Charles County.

Some environmentalists suggest that the corps is moving too fast. Timothy D.
Searchinger, a lawyer and wetlands expert for the Environmental Defense Fund in
New York, says it makes little sense to quickly rebuild levees around
communities that may relocate, such as Valmeyer, Ill. Corps officials have
noted, however, that other farm communities are protected by the levee that
protects Valmeyer.  Housing

Money for housing is divided among eight programs administered by four agencies.

The biggest housing problem is finding money for relocating homes from the flood
plain. Four accounts in two different agencies are available, but each has major
problems. For example:

FEMA has a fund to relocate houses covered by flood insurance, but many flood
victims didn't have flood insurance, and the account is underfunded.

FEMA has a "hazard mitigation" program, but it is starved by the 10 percent cap.

The Department of Housing and Urban Development has $ 200 million in community
development block grants and $ 50 million for a separate housing program. But
the community development block grants have been tied up until recently by a
legal snafu.

The flood relief law says the grants are for "repair, replacement, or
restoration" of facilities damaged by the flood. Cautious HUD lawyers suggested
that this might not permit the money to be used for buyouts.

House Majority Leader Richard A. Gephardt, D-St. Louis County, and other members
of Congress finally prevailed upon the administration to discard this
interpretation.

These community development grants are particularly valuable to local
governments. Through a convenient legal fiction, the federal money becomes local
money when it enters local treasuries and can be used as local matching funds.

While communities scrounge to find the money for relocation, the flood relief
bill has provided the Farmers Home Administration with more funds than it needs
for home and business loans in rural areas, officials acknowledge.

That's because it is easier and quicker for rural residents to obtain long-term,
low-rate loans from the Small Business Administration.

WHERE THE MONEY GOES

This is how the $ 5.7 billion in federal flood relief is being spent. The
amounts do not add up to $ 5.7 billion because some money is not yet committed
or accounted for. Contingency funds can only be used after a presidential
action.  FARMERS - 52.9% Purpose: Crop payments.  Agency: Commodity Credit Corp.
- administered by Agricultural Stabilization and Conservation Service (ASCS)
Money: $ 1.05 billion now, $ 900 million next year, $ 300 million contingent.
Two in five federal disaster relief dollars go to farmers to pay for crop
losses. A farmer applies for disaster relief at the county ASCS office and the
check comes from the Commodity Credit Corp., a government-owned corporation.
Farmers who participate in the government's price-support system receive larger
disaster payments than those who don't.

A farmer who suffers a total loss on a 100-acre cornfield with a 100 bushel/acre
yield can end up receiving one, two or three payments, depending on whether the
farmer has crop insurance and participates in the price support program.**

Farmer    Farmer       Farmer     Farmer

Jones     Smith        Brown      John Crop Insurance        NO         NO
         YES        YES Price supports        NO        YES           NO
YES Disaster            $ 6,708    $ 9,652       $ 7,194      $ 10,456 Price
support money            $ 2,592                    $ 2,700 Crop insurance money

                   Max. $ 9,933 Max. $ 14, 294

TOTAL           $ 6,708    $ 12,244 Max.$ 17,127 Max. $ 27,450 **Many St.
Charles County farmers who were flooded are in the price support system, but
only about 1 percent have crop insurance.  Purpose: Farmland repair.  Money: $
30 million Agency: Agricultural Stabilization and Conservation Service (ASCS)
Farmers can apply at their local Agriculture office for Eemrgency Conservation
grants to repair damaged farms by removing debris and sand from soil, repairing
the land and rebuilding damaged farm buildings. Until recently, federal rules
barred the use of this money to repair land that had been in three catastrophes
over 25 years. Under pressure from Congress, the Agriculture Department waived
that rule which would have prevented many area farmers from collecting because
they have suffered floods in 1973, 1986 and this year.  Purpose: Loans for
production losses Agency: Farmer's Home Administration Money: $ 20.5 million
(subsidizing $ 80 million in emergency disaster loans) Farmers may apply for
these subsidized loans to refinance debt, clean up their farms and repair farm
buildings. So far, there have been few applications because farmers are more
interested in grants than greater debt.  Purpose: Loans for land development
Agency: Farmers Home Administration FmHA Money: $ 1.285 million for $ 7 million
in loans Loans to farmers for land and water development such as digging wells,
building dikes, improving water supplies and erosion control.  LEVEES - 6.8%
Purpose: Repair agricultural levees Agency: Soil Conservation Service Money:  $
35 million now, $ 25 million contingent About $ 7 million of the $ 35 million
has gone to Missouri, and $ 2 million to Illinois. The money pays for clearing
logjams and streams and rebuilding agricultural levees on tributaries of the
Missouri and Mississippi rivers.  Illinois reports about 100 breaks on
agricultural levees on tributaries while Missouri reports about 400. These
levees each protect from 2 to 15 farms.  Some money from this account may be
used to buy out agricultural land to turn it over to the national watershed
reserve program.  Purpose: Repair major levees Agency: Army Corps of Engineers
Money:  $ 175 million now, $ 60 million contingent $ 55 million will repair the
Corps' own locks and dams and federal levees under corps control. The remaining
$ 120 million will repair federally constructed levees maintained by levee
districts along the major rivers. The Corps' St.  Louis District, which oversees
the Mississippi River basin, expects $ 40-45 million. The Kansas City District,
which oversees the Missouri River basin, expects the same. The Corps also can
dip into a permanent account for levee repair that is funded from its regular
congressional appropriation. There is enough money to repair any levee that
qualifies for assistance.  EDUCATION AND JOBS - 3.7% Purpose: Unemployment
compensation Agency: Federal Emergency Management Money: $ 8.5 million Purpose:
Temporary education expenses Agency: Department of Education Money: $ 70 million
contingent To pay for transporting students to other schools while flood-damaged
schools are repaired.  Purpose: College loans Agency: Department of Education
Money: $ 30 million Financial assistance to college students whose families
suffered a loss of income because of the flood.  Purpose: Temporary employment
Agency: Department of Labor - Employment and Training Administration Money: $
43.5 million now; $ 11.1 million contingent Help for workers dislocated by the
flood. The program can put a dislocated worker in temporary employment for up to
6 months or $ 6,000 in earnings.  The money is allocated by local private
industry councils.  FLOOD RESPONSE - 1.1% Purpose: Administer federal response
Agency: Federal Emergency Management Agency Money: More than $ 30 million
Purpose: Coast Guard response Agency: Coast Guard Money: $ 10 million Operating
expenses of Coast Guard operations, such as overtime, fuel, bottled water and
temporary housing of Coast Guard facilities. At least $ 2 million is being spent
within 100 miles of St. Louis.  Purpose: Repair weather equipment Agency:
National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration Money: $ 1 million Repair and
replace weather forecasting facilities; and pay for NOAA workers for overtime.
Purpose: Repair river gauges Agency: U.S. Geological Service Money: $ 1.439
million To repair broken electronic gauges for measuring river levels and pay
overtime for those who operated gauges during the flood.  Purpose: Cleanup
volunteers Agency: Commission on National & Community Service Money: $ 2 million
now and $ 2 million contingent To pay for efforts of the Youth Corps and other
volunteer organizations which worked to clean up after the flood.  LEGAL
SERVICES - 0.01% Purpose: Legal assistance to victims Agency: Legal Services
Corp.  Money: $ 300,000 Pays for the increased workload of legal services
lawyers resulting from the flood. The legal services office in St. Louis has
been inundated with legal problems faced by flood victims.  PUBLIC WORKS - 21.0%
Purpose: Roads, sewers, etc. for industrial parks Agency: Economic Development
Agency Money: $ 100 million now; $ 100 million in contingency funds Grants to
state and local governments for replacement of public buildings and construction
of roads, water and sewer facilities to industrial parks. The money can also be
used for industrial buildings for companies that want to move out of the flood
plain.  Purpose: Water assistance in rural areas Agency: Rural Development
Insurance Fund Money: $ 20 million now, $ 30 million contingent Emergency water
assistance to local governments to fix water lines and water treatment
facilities.  Purpose: Assistance to public entities Agency: FEMA Money: About $
468.6 million (Mo.: $ 112.5 million, Ill.: $ 144 million) Public works projects
like water treatment plants, roads, bridges, levees and public buildings, like
city halls. This money can also be spent on private non-profit organizations
with a public purpose, such as day-care centers. A 10% state/local match is
required.  Purpose: Rebuild highways Agency: Federal Highway Administration
Money: $ 100 million now; $ 75 million contingent Grants to states to repair
damaged highways and bridges.  Purpose: Repair damaged rail lines Agency:
Department of Transportation Money: $ 11 million for short-line railroads; $ 10
million for any railroad The biggest project is the damaged Gateway Western line
at Glasgow, Mo.  HOUSING - 10.3% Purpose: Temporary housing Agency: FEMA Money:
About $ 105.2 million dispersed to date FEMA's temporary rental assistance can
last up to 18 months. The agency also offers grants to individuals of up to $
21,900 to pay for temporary housing repairs and damage to personal belongings.
Purpose: Relocation Agency: FEMA Money: About $ 57 million FEMA administers two
funds to pay for relocation. One, under the flood insurance program, has about $
5 million. The other, called the hazard mitigation program, has about $ 52
million.  Purpose: Housing loans Agency: Small Business Administration Money:
About $ 30 million subsidizing loans of about $ 150 million Long-term loans to
repair homes and replace personal property. SBA loans can be as large as $
100,000 for homes and $ 20,000 for personal property.  Most are at 4 percent
with repayment periods up to 30 years. Already, SBA has approved $ 46.7 million
in housing loans in Missouri and more than $ 39 million in Illinois. The
agency's emergency loan fund has plenty of money; it had a $ 300 million balance
before the flood relief bill.  Purpose: Housing assistance to farmers Agency:
Farmers Home Administration - FmHA Money: $ 5.9 million (subsidizing $ 15
million in loan income housing loans); $ 15 million very-low-income housing
repair grants.  The FmHA loans are available only in rural areas. The
very-low-income grants are for poor, elderly rural residents for the purpose of
removing hazards, like a leaky roof.  Purpose: Housing Agency: Housing and Urban
Development Dept.  Money: $ 50 million Home Investment Partnerships Program
(HOME) funds - $ 200 million in community development block grants In both
programs, federal money is turned over to state and local governments.  All of
the HOME funds are for housing, including rental assistance, acquisition of a
housing site, new construction and rehabilitation.  Community development block
grants can be used for housing and for repair of water lines, sewer lines and
streets leading to housing. Block grants also can be used by the state as part
of its local matching funds. There is considerable confusion over what
regulations govern this money, according to local officials.  HEALTH AND
ENVIRONMENT - 2.49% Purpose: Protect health Agency: Public Health Service3
Money: $ 75 million in contingency funds The Public Health Service had asked for
$ 247 million and ended up getting $ 75 million in contingency funds. Doctors at
the service say it doesn't make sense to give health a back-seat. They say that
serious health hazards could still emerge.  Purpose: Assess environmental damage
Agency: Environmental Protection Agency Money: $ 33.95 million Money for
collection and disposal of pesticides, assessing chemical and biological
contamination and researching the flood's effect on hazardous waste facilities.
About $ 8 million is for cleanup of leaking underground storage tanks.  PARKS
AND HISTORIC BUILDINGS - 0.9% Purpose: Repair national parks Agency: National
Park Service Money: $ 5.9 million Repair of damaged national parks and
historical buildings. The largest sum, $ 400,000 goes to the Arch. About $ 2
million goes through the National Trust for Historical Preservation for repairs
on the more than 2,000 sites on the national register.  Purpose: Repair federal
refuges Agency: U.S. Fish and Wildlife Money: $ 30 million $ 1.04 million goes
to Squaw Creek near Mound City, Mo., and $ 1.995 million goes to Swan Lake near
Sumner, Mo. The largest sum $ 11.1 million, goes to the Mark Twain refuge near
Quincy, Ill., to replace roads, trails and park facilities.  Purpose: Repair
Indian reservations Agency: Bureau of Indian Affairs Money: $ 3.878 million
Bridges, roads and agricultural land on Indian reservations. The Bureau says
this is far less than needed and has been pressing other agencies to help.
REBUILDING BUSINESSES - 0.8% Purpose: Business loans Agency: Small Business
Administration SBA Money: Approx. $ 30 million subsidizing loans of about $ 150
million About half of the money in the flood relief act for SBA loans goes to
businesses. SBA can loan up to $ 1.5 million to a firm.  Purpose: Loans for
rural businesses Agency: Rural Development Insurance Fund Money: $ 2.7 million
guaranteeing $ 80 million in industrial development loans with an identical
amount in contingency funds.  There has been little demand for these loans.
There is plenty of less expensive money at the SBA that can be obtained more
quickly. The loans are only available to those with businesses in rural areas
affected by the flood, like an agricultural equipment dealer.  Helpful telephone
numbers for agencies disbursing federal flood assistance: Federal Emergency
Management Agency To apply for disaster assistance - 800-462-9029 FEMA
Information hotline - 800-853-3362 FEMA fraud hotline - 800-323-8603 Agriculture
Dept.  Agricultural Stabilization and Conservation Service - crop disaster
payments and farmland repair St. Charles County - 1-724-1264 St. Louis County -
453-9555 Franklin County - 1-583-2303 Jefferson County - 1-789-2441 Madison -
618-656-7300 Monroe - 618-939-6181 St. Clair - 618-235-2500 Small Business
Administration 800-462-9029 Housing St. Louis County Flood Relocation Assistance
- 621-4373 St. Charles County Emergency Management Agency - 949-3023 St. Louis
Housing Authority - 286-4313 Levees Army Corps of Engineers (St. Louis District)
for all the Mississippi River - 314-331-8570 Kansas City Corps District -
Missouri River basin - 816-426-6135 Legal Services Legal Services of Eastern Mo.
- 367-1700 Land of Lincoln Legal Assistance - 618-271-9140 for St. Clair and
Monroe; 618-462-0029 or 800-642-5570 for Madison.  source: Compiled by William
H. Freivogel

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, GRAPHIC; (1) Photo by Scott Dine/Post-Dispatch - A cornfield on
a flood plain at Alexandria, Mo., last month. Midwestern farmers say it will
take years to recover from the flood. (2) Photo by L.T. Spence/Post-Dispatch -
Members of the Dunkmann family wrestling with a boat last month on their farm in
the Black Walnut area of St. Charles County. The Dunkmanns expressed concern
over the future of their farmland. (3) Photo by AP - Firefighters rescuing a
resident of Pittsburgh, Kan., from his flooded home Friday after a local creek
overflowed. The city received more than nine inches of rain Friday. (4) Graphic
by Tom Borgman/Post-Dispatch - The Federal Flood Relief Dollar - graphic lists
breakdown of where the money goes including contingency funds that must be
approved by President Clinton on an emergency basis. Farmers - 52.9%, Public
Works - 21.0%, Housing - 10.3%, Levees - 6.8%, Education and jobs - 3.7%, Health
and environment - 2.49%, Flood response - 1.1%, Parks and historic buildings -
0.9%, Rebuilding businesses - 0.8%, Legal services - 0.01% (5) Graphic by Tom
Borgman/Post-Dispatch - Where the money goes. (see bottom of story).

TYPE: PROFILE FEDERAL FLOOD RELIEF

                  Copyright 1993 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              225 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            NORTHERN DISTRICT TIMES

                          February 22, 2006 Wednesday

BRIEFLY

SECTION: Pg. 3

LENGTH: 320  words


Clubs to save water

BOWLING clubs in the Epping area will be part of a $9 million State Government
project designed to save more than six million litres of scarce drinking water a
day. North Epping and Panthers West Epping clubs have been offered funding
assistance to install 248,000-litre storage tanks to recycle stormwater on their
greens and grounds. The government project, announced on Monday by Premier
Morris Iemma and Water Utilities Minister David Campbell, will finance 27 water
saving initiatives under the water savings fund.

Roundabout forum

A COMMUNITY forum will be held in March to find a solution to the traffic
problems in Boronia Park. Hunters Hill Council met residents to resolve the
issue of traffic problems being experienced along High St and Pittwater Rd. A
roundabout installed last year has divided the community with some residents
opposed to the traffic calming device, while others believe it is the only
option. A forum is to be held on March 6 at Boronia Park Scout Hall from 7.30pm.
Details: 9879 9400.

Economic strategy

HORNSBY Shire Council will prepare an economic development strategy to attract
new investment, business and employment to the shire. A council meeting earlier
this month endorsed the strategy, including the development of a business
website, the upgrade and consolidation of visitor information on the website,
and new planning and development frameworks for Hornsby, Epping, Thornleigh and
Pennant Hills.

Community grants

ELIGIBLE local organisations are encouraged to apply for emergency service
grants. The local grants scheme provides grants for projects that enhance the
capability of the community to prepare for, respond to, and recover from
emergencies and disasters. Read the local grants scheme guidelines and complete
the application form by 5pm Friday, March 3. For further information go to
www.ema.gov.au/communitydevelopment or phone John Muirhead on 8247 5916.

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NDG


                   Copyright 2006 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              226 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                          December 31, 2008 Wednesday

Fund set up to replenish nonprofits;
More than $1 million raised for local groups

BYLINE: TIA MITCHELL

SECTION: Pg. A-1

LENGTH: 771 words


Just weeks after Jacksonville's mayor lamented that demand for charitable
services had outgrown supply during the holidays and the economic downturn,
nonprofit agencies have been thrown a lifeline.

Local philanthropies, led by the Jessie Ball duPont Fund, announced Tuesday they
have raised $1.3 million behind the scenes this month to launch the Community
Safety Net Fund. It will allow nonprofit agencies to replenish their resources
and provide emergency assistance to residents in need.

One agency, Community Connections, is an example. It always budgets some reserve
funds, knowing that demand for services increases in the holidays and beyond.
But the money that usually stretches to the summer is almost gone, said Pat
Hannan, the CEO and executive director.

"We have never had the requests that we have had over the last month or two at
the holiday time for food, for help with electricity bills, and some help with
rent," she said.

But the agency received a $30,000 Safety Net grant this month, and its reserve
fund can continue to provide food, rent assistance and utility payments to
clients.

"We're just absolutely amazed that we have it and that we'll be able to help
people that way," Hannan said.

A PLEA TO THE MAYOR

Sherry Magill, president of the duPont Fund, approached Mayor John Peyton in
November about the dire need of the city's nonprofit service agencies.
Meanwhile, the pressure they were feeling because of ballooning demand was
becoming unbearable, Magill told the mayor.

Just after Thanksgiving, Peyton held a news conference to encourage residents to
donate to the Second Harvest Food Bank and other charitable organizations that
provide emergency services. By that time, the mayor's staff and leaders of the
local philanthropic community had also begun working behind the scenes. On Dec.
4, the Safety Net Fund was revealed to a meeting of members of The Community
Foundation's Donors Forum of Northeast Florida.

There, the duPont Fund announced its initial $500,000 donation and issued a
challenge by promising to match whatever else was raised up to an additional
$500,000.

Community Foundation President Nina Waters said leaders of 14 nonprofit agencies
jointly made their case. She said that helped paint the issue as a widespread
crisis that needed immediate attention.

"We were able to say, 'The food pantries are empty,' " Waters said. " 'Dignity U
Wear has no more children's clothing. There is no more rent assistance in the
community.' "

When donors understood the magnitude of the problem, she said, they were quick
to react - and generous. By the time the meeting adjourned, $285,000 had been
pledged.

So far, the Safety Net has allocated grants worth $175,000 to help four
organizations replenish their resources. Other organizations have requested an
additional $1.5 million, which is currently under consideration.

Less than a month of fund-raising has resulted in about $1.3 million. Waters is
confident the fund will reach or surpass its $1.5 million goal.

The Clara White Mission received $50,000 to reinstate daily meal service through
March. Budget cuts had caused the Mission to reduce its service to three days a
week. Ju'Coby Pittman-Peele, CEO and president, said demand has increased from
350 people a day to 550 or 600.

"It's not just homeless people coming to utilize our services anymore," she
said. "It's families that are driving up in their cars, people who volunteered
for us in the past."

tia.mitchell@jacksonville.com, (904) 359-4425

COMMUNITY SAFETY NET FUND

What: Community Safety Net Fund established by a group of Jacksonville
philanthropies.

Why: To help social service nonprofits meet increased demand.

How much has been raised? So far, $1.3 million. The Jessie Ball duPont Fund gave
an initial $500,000 and promised an additional $500,000 in matching funds.

Other parties making major contributions through Tuesday: The Lucy Gooding
Charitable Foundation Trust; the Henry and Lucy Gooding Endowment; David M.
Foster; the Fanny Landwirth Foundation; the Community Foundation in
Jacksonville; the Eartha M.M. White Memorial Fund; Lawrence DuBow; Martin E. and
Brooke Stein; and David Stein.

How to get a grant: Nonprofit agencies must apply for the Safety Net funds.

Source: The Community Foundation

COMMUNITY SAFETY NET FUNDS

So far, a total of $175,000 has been awarded to four organizations:

Sulzbacher Center: $81,000 to provide meals and shelter.

Clara White Mission: $50,000 to provide meals.

Community Connections of Jacksonville Inc.: $30,000 to provide food and
assistance with rent and utilities.

Downtown Ecumenical Services Council Inc.: $14,000 to provide food and clothing.

LOAD-DATE: January 2, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 The Florida Times-Union


                              227 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    The Orange County Register (California)

                          September 28, 2006 Thursday
                                   1 Edition

City increases money for community assistance;
Farmer's Market is coming to town, construction of antennas approved.

BYLINE: By SALVADOR HERNANDEZ; Aliso Viejo News

SECTION: LAGUNANIGUELAV; Pg. Jumps

LENGTH: 634 words


Sometimes there's not enough money to go around.

City Council members increased funding during their Sept. 20 meeting for their
Competitive Community Assistance Grant Funding Program, a program adopted in
April 2002 to help fund organizations that provided human, social, recreational
and cultural programs in the city.

About twice as many applications were received this year by the city than in
previous years, said Helen Wilson, the city's community services manager.

"It seems we are getting a lot of qualified groups and there isn't a lot of
money there," said Councilman William Phillips.

Eight organizations asked for a total of $28,300 this year. The city funds the
program, with a total of $10,000 available.

"It was a tough struggle to allocate the funding we do have," Wilson said.

The City Council unanimously approved increasing grant funding by $3,000, which
would be distributed between South County Outreach and South County Senior
Services.

The decision will increase funding for South County Outreach by $1,000 to a
total of $3,000. The organization provides emergency assistance to families
facing eviction, cancellation of utility services or hunger.

South County Senior Services, which was originally allocated no funds, will
receive $2,000. The program assists seniors who suffer from chronic illnesses.

"I think we need to start providing provisions for seniors," Mayor Carmen
Vali-Cave said. "I just see a greater need and lack of funding for senior
services."

Farmers Market

A farmer's market could be on its way to Aliso Viejo.

The council unanimously approved submitting an application to the Orange County
Farm Bureau to have a market within the city.

Organization and overall responsibility of the market would fall on the farm
bureau. City staff recommended Town Center as a possible location for the
market.

Antenna

Council members unanimously approved the construction of 12 unmanned Cingular
Wireless antennas on 22322 Pacific Park, next to the Moulton Niguel Water
District water tank on Moulton Peak.

The project will require that the equipment at the peak be hidden with
landscaping and a green chain-linked fence.

The city first received an application for the project on Feb. 24, 2003. The
project was appealed then by Mayor Carmen Vali-Cave based on the aesthetics of
the project, screening and landscaping.

The permit requires that the site be regularly maintained.

Foxborough Park restroom

The council approved the site development permit to install a pre-fabricated
restroom at Foxborough Park.

The permit was approved with a vote of 4 to 1, with Councilman Karl Warkomski
casting the dissenting vote.

"The intent is noble, but we're going to have unintended consequences,"
Warkomski said, adding that he was concerned about the restroom's location,
which will be near a county trail.

"Once this thing gets built, the county will put it on a map," and the restroom
could receive an unexpected higher use from people who used the trails, and the
homeless, Warkomski said.

"I don't want to be called the council that provided the homeless access for
facilities," he said.

GRANT FUNDING

Ariel Rescue -- provides pet adoption, care and education

Requested: $4,000

Received: $2,000

Laura's House -- domestic violence prevention/education

Requested: $2,500

Received: $2,000

South County Outreach -- emergency services

Requested: $10,000

Received: $3,000

South County Senior Services -- senior services

Requested: $3,000

Received: $2,000

Philharmonic Society of Orange County -- youth music education

Requested: $3,000

Received: $2,000

South Coast Symphony -- music programs for children

Requested: $2,500

Received: $2,000

Friends of Aliso Viejo Library -- literacy, cultural out-reach

Requested: $1,800

Received: None

Foundation for Hope -- mobile food pantry

Requested: $1,500

Received: none

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2006 The Orange County Register (California)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              228 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              Silver City Sun-News

                            February 18, 2005 Friday

Counties called disaster areas

BYLINE: Thomas J. Baird

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 668 words


Sun-News bureau chief

As expected, Gov. Bill Richardson signed an executive order Thursday declaring a
disaster in Grant, Hidalgo and Catron counties due to extensive flood damage
caused by recent storms.

The disaster declaration makes local communities eligible for financial
reimbursement, with the state providing 75 percent of the money and local
governments having to ante up 25 percent in matching funds. The money will cover
expenses such as overtime for public safety personnel, repairs to roads, water
lines, sewer lines and other public assistance needs created by the storm. The
money comes from a $750,000 state disaster relief fund.

"I want southwestern New Mexico to know that I have made all of the appropriate
state resources, including financial assistance, available to help communities
recover from this devastating storm," Richardson said.

As much as 4 inches of rain pelted parts of the region last week and throughout
the weekend. The severe weather, coupled with snow melt, resulted in flooding
that damaged or destroyed roads and bridges, acequias and irrigation
infrastructure throughout southwestern New Mexico.

The storms were blamed for at least one local death, as Brandon Whitworth, a
29-year-old Pinos Altos resident, apparently drowned Friday night after his
vehicle was stranded in flash flooding of Little Cherry Creek. Rescue workers
said the force of the water was moving 3-foot-wide boulders when they arrived at
the scene Sunday.

Damage assessments have been climbing all week. Initial estimates for damage to
county managed infrastructure began at $200,000, but had risen to $700,000 by
Wednesday. On Thursday, the governor's office said recent surveys put damage
totals at more than $1 million and added that number will grow as the
assessments are completed.

In Grant County alone, more than 600 miles of county roads need to be repaired
or rebuilt, and three county bridges were destroyed and must be replaced.

Tom Garrity, director of communications for the New Mexico Senate, said that
Senate President Pro Tem Ben Altamirano of Silver City had met with the governor
Wednesday night and again Thursday morning prior to Richardson signing the
executive order releasing emergency funds.

Anthony Gutierrez, superintendent of roads for Grant County, told county
commissioners in an emergency meeting Wednesday he would have better numbers on
damage assessment by the board's next meeting, which is a workshop session
slated for Tuesday.

Peter Pena, director of public works for the town of Silver City, said Wednesday
that the town is not facing the same problems as the county, but his department
will still be busy for the next several weeks filling potholes caused by
flooding. Unpaved roads in the city will have to dry out before they can be
regraded and repaired, he added, but more rain is in the forecast for the coming
week.

The executive order signed by the governor also authorizes Adjutant General
Kenny Montoya to deploy any New Mexico National Guard resources that may be
needed to support civil authorities, and directs all cabinet departments and
state agencies to provide any assistance that may be required.

In addition, Richardson directed the State Office of Emergency Management to
work with the Federal Emergency Management Agency to see if any federal
assistance is available.

In his executive order, the governor said damage from the flooding posed a
significant threat to the health and safety of area residents and visitors, as
well as to the economic base of the affected local governments.

"This situation constitutes a disaster with potentially catastrophic
consequences," he said in his order.

The governor directed the Department of Finance and Administration to provide
the $750,000 in emergency financial resources to the Department of Public
Safety, where the Office of Emergency Management will coordinate all requests
for assistance.

Thomas J. Baird can be reached at tbaird@scsun-news.com

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: #1: Courtesy photo; Gov. Bill Richardson signs an executive order
Thursday afternoon declaring Grant, Catron and Hidalgo counties as disaster
areas due to severe flooding caused by recent storms. Through the state Office
of Emergency Management, $750,000 in relief funds will be available.#2: Courtesy
photo; A gaping crevice in the bridge in San Lorenzo has forced the closure of
the structure after heavy rains and flooding took its toll on the region this
week. County infrastructure damage is already estimated to be in excess of $1
million.

                      Copyright 2005 Silver City Sun-News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              229 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           September 12, 2005 Monday

Piqua extends homeowner grant program;
Money available to help city residents buy, fix up houses

BYLINE: By Valryn Bush vbush@DaytonDailyNews.com

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 366 words


PIQUA - Piqua officials are scratching their heads as to why people didn't take
advantage of grants to help them buy, improve or hold onto their homes.

Community Development Director Andy Burner said applications for the Community
Housing Improvement Program have been reopened until Friday because some of the
money remained unused.

"This could be particularly timely for some people," Mayor Bob DeBrosse said at
Tuesday's City Commission meeting.

Initially, the city thought the federal program to assist low-tomoderate income
homeowners within Piqua city limits would get snapped up in the early months of
2005.

In light of escalating home foreclosures in Ohio and the Miami Valley, Burner is
particularly puzzled why so few took advantage of the Emergency Housing
Assistance program.

There's enough money left to do about 20 EHA grants even if the maximum of
$2,400 were allowed.

"This money is for the people of Piqua," Burner said. "We certainly don't want
to send any money back."

The following programs, which all require Piqua residency and low/moderate
income status, still have funds available:

* Emergency Housing Assistance: Up to three months (maximum $2,400) of mortgage
payments for homeowners facing foreclosure. Must complete credit counseling with
Lutheran Social Services and show ability to continue payment. Applications are
available by contacting Juanita Springer at the Piqua Salvation Army, 129 S.
Wayne St., (937) 773-7563, or the Community Development Department, 201 W. Water
St., (937) 778-2054.

* First Time Home Buyers: Down payment assistance of 5 percent of home price, up
to $5,000 for prospective homeowners who haven't owned a home in the past three
years. Zero interest, no fee loan that doesn't have to be repaid until house is
sold. May also qualify for a second rehabilitation loan to bring the house up to
city code (maximum $25,000 for both loans). Contact the Community Development
Department.

* Private Owner Rehabilitation: Up to $25,000 for major repairs to bring a
building up to code. Zero interest, no fee loan with 7 percent of the balance
forgiven each year up to 10 years. Balance not due until home is sold. Contact
the Community Development Department.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2005 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              230 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                    December 20, 2001 Thursday, Home Edition

County's wish list goes to D.C.;
HUD expected to OK $3 million in grants

BYLINE: DAVID PENDERED

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: City Life Midtown; Pg. 1JN

LENGTH: 633 words


Projects including new pools in College Park and Hapeville and better water
lines in Roswell and Mountain Park are on a wish list Fulton County is sending
to the federal government.

The list also includes a large number of relatively small human service programs
that aim to keep teens out of prostitution, help people keep their houses, and
encourage citizens to get or stay off drugs.

Every year, Fulton County receives about $3 million in grants from the federal
Department of Housing and Urban Development. Fulton officials expect the county
to receive about the same amount next year. Fulton County commissioners last
month approved a wish list recommended by county staffers, following input from
advocates and interested residents.

Unlike most Georgia counties, Fulton does not have to seek these Community
Development Block Grants through the state government. Fulton is entitled to
receive the money directly from Washington because it has more than 200,000
residents, said Chantal Matthews, a director with the state Department of
Community Affairs, which manages the CDBG program statewide.

HUD typically notifies the county by March as to how much it will provide
Fulton. The sum will be based on the overall funding approved by Congress for
CBDG and housing programs.

"The amount available from the federal government varies from year to year,
based on congressional decisions, based on population and various indicators of
need," Matthew said.

The funding requests break down as follows: Cities: $1.2 million, for 40 percent
of the allocation. Administration by the county: $606,400, for the maximum 20
percent of the allocation. Housing rehabilitation: $100,000, for 3 percent of
the allocation. Public service: $485,100, for 16 percent of the allocation.
Other projects: $627,700, for 21 percent of the allocation.

The county also has submitted its plans for two other programs --- housing
assistance and emergency shelter.

Fulton receives about $1.2 million a year in HUD funds to help low-income
residents buy houses in Fulton, except in Atlanta, which has its own HUD
funding.

This year, the county proposes to spend nearly half of its anticipated sum on
renovating single- and multifamily housing.

In regard to single-family housing, the county plans to provide deferred payment
loans to the poor, mainly the elderly, to help them repair or substantially
renovate their homes. The government program provides an alternative to
predatory lenders, who make loans and then charge high fees and interest rates
that can result in the borrower losing the house.

The multifamily rehab program would provide loans to companies to renovate
exisiting housing, such as duplexes, or build new multifamily housing.

To help provide emergency shelter for struggling residents, the county is
submitting plans for about $1.2 million worth of programs.

More than half the sum, nearly $703,000, would go for support services including
counseling, resettlement assistance, child care services and substance abuse
counseling. The county proposes to provide operation support for a 50-bed
transitional housing program and earmark $93,000 to upgrade the Jefferson Place
homeless shelter.

The federal government is expected to provide nearly $6.4 million to the Housing
Authority of Fulton County.

Nearly two-thirds of the sum is earmarked to subsidize rent paid by those
eligible for Section 8 housing. The housing authority proposes to spend a total
of $2 million to improve public housing and support its operations.

The remaining funds would go largely toward projects that intend to fight drug
abuse, improve safety in public housing communities and provide programs to help
residents become self-sufficient.

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graphic:
FULTON COUNTY GRANT DISTRIBUTION
Here's how Fulton County plans to spend money it expects to receive early next
year from the federal Department of Housing and Urban Development. The list also
notes some projects that are to receive county funding.
Nonprofits and interagencies
> Administration of grants in cities and unincorporated areas: $606,400
> Africa Children's Fund
Riverdale
$140,000 in development costs for Harmony Village Homes, a single-family
development providing 47 homes for low- and moderate income households.
> Atlanta Enterprise Center
Atlanta
 $20,000 to conduct needs assessments for the homeless, who are then referred to
other agencies for treatment.
> Atlanta Legal Aid Society
Atlanta
$30,000 to provide legal services and legal education to the poor.
> Alternate Life Paths Program
Atlanta
$30,000 to provide services to young offenders and homeless youth.
> Changes Recovery Center
Fairburn
$20,000 to provide counseling to those subject to prostitution, drug abuse and
domestic violence.
> Cooperative Resource Center
Atlanta
$25,000 to support services for the low-income residents of Genesis Garden
Apartments in Nu-Dimensions Apartments.
> DeKalb-Fulton Housing Counseling Center
Decatur
$45,000 to provide counseling on mortgage delinquency and default and issues
related to predatory lending.
> Families First
Atlanta
$20,000 to provide transitional housing to young, homeless mothers and their
infants, including day care services for the infants.
> Fulton County Business Improvement Loan Program
Atlanta
 $100,000 to fund low-interest loans designed to help small businesses buy
equipment, inventory, property and to provide working capital. The maximum loan
is $50,000 with payback due in three to seven years.
> Fulton County Human Services --- Workforce Development
Atlanta
$40,000 for training programs to provide permanent employment to 100 low-income
Fulton residents and to provide drug-free workers to Fulton businesses.
> Girls, Inc.
East Point
$30,000 to provide group activities for girls from low-income households during
nonschool hours.
> Habitat for Humanity
Roswell
 $73,000 to build 30 homes for low-income families in two new subdivisions.
> Housing Authority of Fulton County
Atlanta
$50,000 to buy two houses, rehabilitate them and help families now in the
rental-assistance program buy a house.
> In His G.R.E.A.T. Name Ministry
Fairburn
 $100,000 to buy, renovate a building to serve as a community center in the
Lightning community.
> Intergenerational Resource Center
Atlanta
 $100,000 to help build 14 affordable houses in the Nelson McGhee Retirement
Community off Old National Highway.
> Living Room
Atlanta
$15,000 to help persons with HIV/AIDS find and keep housing in hopes of
preventing the need for hospitalization.
> Marcus Jewish Community Center
Atlanta
 $20,100 to match elderly homeowners with young people with low incomes who need
affordable housing.
> Metro Fair Housing Services
Atlanta
 $45,000 to help persons resolve housing issues, predatory lending issues and
tenant-landlord issues. The service is jointly funded by Atlanta, Fulton and
DeKalb counties.
> North Fulton Child Development Association
Roswell
$60,000 to continue developing a playground and renovating facilities needed to
comply with licensing standards and federal standards for the handicapped at a
facility designed for those with low incomes.
$20,000 to provide child care to 60 children from low- and moderate-income
families.
> Senior Services of North Fulton
Roswell
$20,000 to serve a meal a day and other assistance to seniors still living in
their own homes.
> Southeast Energy Assistance
Atlanta
$4,700 to make minor plumbing repairs in homes occupied by the poor to reduce
water consumption and preserve the housing stock.
> Tapestry Youth Ministries
College Park
$35,000 to provide housing and other services to teen mothers at risk of losing
their babies or becoming homeless.
> Teens at Work
East Point
$25,000 to provide after-school programs to children.
> Women's Employment Opportunity Project
East Point
$20,000 for job training for low-income women, although some men will be
accepted.
> Young Adult Guidance Center
Atlanta
$25,000 to provide housing, meals transportation and other services to homeless
and runaway males age 13 to 21.
Municipalities
> Alpharetta
$60,000 to renovate and expand a senior center.
> College Park
$256,240 to improve the College Street Aquatics facility, including replacing
the main pool, children's pool, bath house and fencing.
> East Point
$130,560 to rehabilitate 10 to 12 houses
$150,000 to partly fund construction of a pedestrian bridge
> Fairburn
$30,000 to provide drainage, paving and sewer improvements in the Lightning Park
area.
> Hapeville
$73,000 to build a swimming pool and pool house.
> Mountain Park
$60,000 to continue upgrading water lines.
> Palmetto
$60,000 to upgrade sewer lines.
> Roswell
$303,000 to upgrade the water system.
> Union City
$90,000 to upgrade Burdette, Goodson, Jackson and Park streets and install fire
hydrants and upgrade the water line on Cotter Drive.
Home investments --- countywide
> Administration: $120,000
> $141,200 to provide loans for low-income home buyers, except in Atlanta.
> $96,900 to help the poor pay rent.
> $200,000 to fund loans to the poor, mainly the elderly, to repair their homes.

> $370,000 to fund loans to developers of affordable housing.
> $175,000 to fund loans to nonprofit developers of affordable housing.
> $96,000 to Roswell to buy affordable housing.
Emergency Shelter Grants ---
federal funds
> $93,000 to improve the Jefferson Place homeless shelter.
> $430,331 to help provide 50 beds in transitional housing facilities.
> $702,909 for support services, including counseling, child care and
substance-abuse counseling.
Emergency Shelter Grants --- county funds
> $767,395 for homeless prevention, including legal services, food, counseling,
financial assistance and job-readiness training.
> $73,500 to provide affordable housing.
> $671,000 to provide transitional housing for the homeless.
> $429,500 to provide general support services, including legal services, health
care, child care, detoxification services and financial counseling.
Housing Authority of Fulton County --- federal funds
> $953,490 to support public-housing operations.
> $1,106,466 to upgrade public housing.
> $3,928,079 to provide rental assistance for families eligible for Section 8
assistance.
> $132,428 to fund anti-drug-use programs, safety and security programs.
> $75,000 to support self-sufficiency programs in public housing.
> $43,000 to provide staff support for self-sufficiency programs.
> $61,800 for a resident-service delivery model.
> $97,855 to support resident leadership and organizational development
programs.
Housing Authority of Fulton County --- county funds
> $50,000 to help develop a tax allocation to support redevelopment in the Red
Oak community.
> $90,000 to help fund the authority's youth program.
Source: Fulton County Department of Environment and Community Development

                    Copyright 2001 The Atlanta Constitution


                              231 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                    December 20, 2001 Thursday, Home Edition

County's wish list goes to D.C.;
HUD expected to OK $3 million in grants

BYLINE: DAVID PENDERED

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: North Fulton; Pg. 1JH

LENGTH: 633 words


Projects including new pools in College Park and Hapeville and better water
lines in Roswell and Mountain Park are on a wish list Fulton County is sending
to the federal government.

The list also includes a large number of relatively small human service programs
that aim to keep teens out of prostitution, help people keep their houses, and
encourage citizens to get or stay off drugs.

Every year, Fulton County receives about $3 million in grants from the federal
Department of Housing and Urban Development. Fulton officials expect the county
to receive about the same amount next year. Fulton County commissioners last
month approved a wish list recommended by county staffers, following input from
advocates and interested residents.

Unlike most Georgia counties, Fulton does not have to seek these Community
Development Block Grants through the state government. Fulton is entitled to
receive the money directly from Washington because it has more than 200,000
residents, said Chantal Matthews, a director with the state Department of
Community Affairs, which manages the CDBG program statewide.

HUD typically notifies the county by March as to how much it will provide
Fulton. The sum will be based on the overall funding approved by Congress for
CDBG and housing programs.

"The amount available from the federal government varies from year to year,
based on congressional decisions, based on population and various indicators of
need," Matthews said.

The funding requests break down as follows: Cities: $1.2 million, for 40 percent
of the allocation. Administration by the county: $606,400, for the maximum 20
percent of the allocation. Housing rehabilitation: $100,000, for 3 percent of
the allocation. Public service: $485,100, for 16 percent of the allocation.
Other projects: $627,700, for 21 percent of the allocation.

The county also has submitted its plans for two other programs --- housing
assistance and emergency shelter.

Fulton receives about $1.2 million a year in HUD funds to help low-income
residents buy houses in Fulton, except in Atlanta, which has its own HUD
funding.

This year, the county proposes to spend nearly half of its anticipated sum on
renovating single- and multifamily housing.

In regard to single-family housing, the county plans to provide deferred payment
loans to the poor, mainly the elderly, to help them repair or substantially
renovate their homes. The government program provides an alternative to
predatory lenders, who make loans and then charge high fees and interest rates
that can result in the borrower losing the house.

The multifamily rehab program would provide loans to companies to renovate
exisiting housing, such as duplexes, or build new multifamily housing.

To help provide emergency shelter for struggling residents, the county is
submitting plans for about $1.2 million worth of programs.

More than half the sum, nearly $703,000, would go for support services including
counseling, resettlement assistance, child care services and substance abuse
counseling. The county proposes to provide operation support for a 50-bed
transitional housing program and earmark $93,000 to upgrade the Jefferson Place
homeless shelter.

The federal government is expected to provide nearly $6.4 million to the Housing
Authority of Fulton County.

Nearly two-thirds of the sum is earmarked to subsidize rent paid by those
eligible for Section 8 housing. The housing authority proposes to spend a total
of $2 million to improve public housing and support its operations.

The remaining funds would go largely toward projects that intend to fight drug
abuse, improve safety in public housing communities and provide programs to help
residents become self-sufficient.

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graphic:
FULTON COUNTY GRANT DISTRIBUTION
Here's how Fulton County plans to spend money it expects to receive early next
year from the federal Department of Housing and Urban Development. The list also
notes some projects that are to receive county funding.
Nonprofits and interagencies
> Administration of grants in cities and unincorporated areas: $606,400
> Africa Children's Fund
Riverdale
$140,000 in development costs for Harmony Village Homes, a single-family
development providing 47 homes for low- and moderate income households.
> Atlanta Enterprise Center
Atlanta
 $20,000 to conduct needs assessments for the homeless, who are then referred to
other agencies for treatment.
> Atlanta Legal Aid Society
Atlanta
$30,000 to provide legal services and legal education to the poor.
> Alternate Life Paths Program
Atlanta
$30,000 to provide services to young offenders and homeless youth.
> Changes Recovery Center
Fairburn
$20,000 to provide counseling to those subject to prostitution, drug abuse and
domestic violence.
> Cooperative Resource Center
Atlanta
$25,000 to support services for the low-income residents of Genesis Garden
Apartments in Nu-Dimensions Apartments.
> DeKalb-Fulton Housing Counseling Center
Decatur
$45,000 to provide counseling on mortgage delinquency and default and issues
related to predatory lending.
> Families First
Atlanta
$20,000 to provide transitional housing to young, homeless mothers and their
infants, including day care services for the infants.
> Fulton County Business Improvement Loan Program
Atlanta
 $100,000 to fund low-interest loans designed to help small businesses buy
equipment, inventory, property and to provide working capital. The maximum loan
is $50,000 with payback due in three to seven years.
> Fulton County Human Services --- Workforce Development
Atlanta
$40,000 for training programs to provide permanent employment to 100 low-income
Fulton residents and to provide drug-free workers to Fulton businesses.
> Girls, Inc.
East Point
$30,000 to provide group activities for girls from low-income households during
nonschool hours.
> Habitat for Humanity
Roswell
 $73,000 to build 30 homes for low-income families in two new subdivisions.
> Housing Authority of Fulton County
Atlanta
$50,000 to buy two houses, rehabilitate them and help families now in the
rental-assistance program buy a house.
> In His G.R.E.A.T. Name Ministry
Fairburn
 $100,000 to buy, renovate a building to serve as a community center in the
Lightning community.
> Intergenerational Resource Center
Atlanta
 $100,000 to help build 14 affordable houses in the Nelson McGhee Retirement
Community off Old National Highway.
> Living Room
Atlanta
$15,000 to help persons with HIV/AIDS find and keep housing in hopes of
preventing the need for hospitalization.
> Marcus Jewish Community Center
Atlanta
 $20,100 to match elderly homeowners with young people with low incomes who need
affordable housing.
> Metro Fair Housing Services
Atlanta
 $45,000 to help persons resolve housing issues, predatory lending issues and
tenant-landlord issues. The service is jointly funded by Atlanta, Fulton and
DeKalb counties.
> North Fulton Child Development Association
Roswell
$60,000 to continue developing a playground and renovating facilities needed to
comply with licensing standards and federal standards for the handicapped at a
facility designed for those with low incomes.
$20,000 to provide child care to 60 children from low- and moderate-income
families.
> Senior Services of North Fulton
Roswell
$20,000 to serve a meal a day and other assistance to seniors still living in
their own homes.
> Southeast Energy Assistance
Atlanta
$4,700 to make minor plumbing repairs in homes occupied by the poor to reduce
water consumption and preserve the housing stock.
> Tapestry Youth Ministries
College Park
$35,000 to provide housing and other services to teen mothers at risk of losing
their babies or becoming homeless.
> Teens at Work
East Point
$25,000 to provide after-school programs to children.
> Women's Employment Opportunity Project
East Point
$20,000 for job training for low-income women, although some men will be
accepted.
> Young Adult Guidance Center
Atlanta
$25,000 to provide housing, meals transportation and other services to homeless
and runaway males age 13 to 21.
Municipalities
> Alpharetta
$60,000 to renovate and expand a senior center.
> College Park
$256,240 to improve the College Street Aquatics facility, including replacing
the main pool, children's pool, bath house and fencing.
> East Point
$130,560 to rehabilitate 10 to 12 houses
$150,000 to partly fund construction of a pedestrian bridge
> Fairburn
$30,000 to provide drainage, paving and sewer improvements in the Lightning Park
area.
> Hapeville
$73,000 to build a swimming pool and pool house.
> Mountain Park
$60,000 to continue upgrading water lines.
> Palmetto
$60,000 to upgrade sewer lines.
> Roswell
$303,000 to upgrade the water system.
> Union City
$90,000 to upgrade Burdette, Goodson, Jackson and Park streets and install fire
hydrants and upgrade the water line on Cotter Drive.
Home investments --- countywide
> Administration: $120,000
> $141,200 to provide loans for low-income home buyers, except in Atlanta.
> $96,900 to help the poor pay rent.
> $200,000 to fund loans to the poor, mainly the elderly, to repair their homes.

> $370,000 to fund loans to developers of affordable housing.
> $175,000 to fund loans to nonprofit developers of affordable housing.
> $96,000 to Roswell to buy affordable housing.
Emergency Shelter Grants --- federal funds
> $93,000 to improve the Jefferson Place homeless shelter.
> $430,331 to help provide 50 beds in transitional housing facilities.
> $702,909 for support services, including counseling, child care and
substance-abuse counseling.
Emergency Shelter Grants --- county funds
> $767,395 for homeless prevention, including legal services, food, counseling,
financial assistance and job-readiness training.
> $73,500 to provide affordable housing.
> $671,000 to provide transitional housing for the homeless.
> $429,500 to provide general support services, including legal services, health
care, child care, detoxification services and financial counseling.
Housing Authority of Fulton County --- federal funds
> $953,490 to support public-housing operations.
> $1,106,466 to upgrade public housing.
> $3,928,079 to provide rental assistance for families eligible for Section 8
assistance.
> $132,428 to fund anti-drug-use programs, safety and security programs.
> $75,000 to support self-sufficiency programs in public housing.
> $43,000 to provide staff support for self-sufficiency programs.
> $61,800 for a resident-service delivery model.
> $97,855 to support resident leadership and organizational development
programs.
Housing Authority of Fulton County --- county funds
> $50,000 to help develop a tax allocation to support redevelopment in the Red
Oak community.
> $90,000 to help fund the authority's youth program.
Source: Fulton County Department of Environment and Community Development

                    Copyright 2001 The Atlanta Constitution


                              232 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 9, 2016 Wednesday

USDA Announces $331 Million Investment for Clean Water Infrastructure in Rural
Communities

LENGTH: 727  words

DATELINE: New York



 Richmond: VRWA, VA has issued the following  news release:



 Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that the U.S. Department of
Agriculture (USDA) is investing $331 million in 85 projects that will improve
water and wastewater infrastructure in rural areas in 39 states and American
Samoa. Community infrastructure investments are a key piece of USDA's mission to
support America's rural communities, and these investments build on the $13.9
billion USDA has invested over the course of the Obama Administration to support
5,825 water and waste infrastructure projects that currently benefit 19.5
million rural residents.





 "Strategic investments like these into community infrastructure provide a path
to rural economic growth," Vilsack said. "Water and wastewater upgrades protect
the health and safety of those who live and work in rural areas, and are
especially critical given today's aging infrastructure in areas that have not
fully benefited from rural America's economic rebound. Modernizing water and
wastewater systems improves the quality of life and can help attract jobs to
rural communities."



 USDA is providing $264 million in loans and $67 million in grants through Rural
Development's Water & Environmental Programs. These programs provide assistance
and financing to develop drinking water and waste disposal systems for
communities with 10,000 or fewer residents.



 For example, in South Carolina, the Laurens County Water and Sewer Commission
is receiving a $34.8 million USDA loan and a $1.2 million USDA grant to
construct a water treatment plant. Currently, the Commission purchases water
from three separate water systems, whose infrastructure is aging.



 The Summit Springs Regional Waste District in Henry County, Ind., is receiving
a $1.4 million loan and a $4.2 million grant for a sewer rehabilitation project
to address raw sewage leakages and to comply with environmental regulations.



 The city of Truth or Consequences in Sierra County, N.M., has been selected for
a $715,000 loan and a $4.5 million grant for the second phase of wastewater
treatment plant improvements to comply with environmental regulations. Sierra
County is included in USDA's StrikeForce for Rural Growth and Opportunity
initiative to address persistent poverty across America.



 Of the 85 projects announced today, 21 are located in StrikeForce areas, and
one project - an Emergency Community Water Assistance Grant in Jackson, Ky., -
is also in an area targeted for assistance by the Obama Administration's Promise
Zone initiative. These 21 projects are receiving more than $63 million in loans
and $30 million in grants, which is 28 percent of today's total investment and
nearly 45 percent of the grant funding.



 Funding for each project announced today is contingent upon the recipient
meeting the terms of the loan, grant or loan/grant agreement.



 Today's funding builds on USDA's historic investments in rural America over the
past seven years. Since 2009, USDA has worked to strengthen and support rural
communities and American agriculture, an industry that supports one in 11
American jobs, provides American consumers with more than 80 percent of the food
we consume, ensures that Americans spend less of their paychecks at the grocery
store than most people in other countries, and supports markets for homegrown
renewable energy and materials.



 Since 2009, USDA Rural Development (@USDARD) has invested $13.9 billion for
5,825 water and waste infrastructure projects, benefiting 19.5 million rural
residents; invested nearly $13 billion to start or expand nearly 112,000 rural
businesses; helped 1.1 million rural residents buy homes; funded nearly 9,200
community facilities such as schools, public safety and health care facilities;
and helped bring high-speed Internet access to nearly 6 million rural residents
and businesses. USDA also has invested $38.2 billion in 1,057 electric projects
that have financed more than 198,000 miles of transmission and distribution
lines serving 4.6 million rural residents. For more information, visit
www.usda.gov/results.



 To read more about USDA's investments in rural America and its successful
turnaround, visit USDA's entry on Medium.com , Rural America Is Back in
Business.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              233 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Daily News (Sri Lanka)

                          September 12, 2009 Saturday

Japan provides Rs. 36 million for livelihood project

LENGTH: 322  words

DATELINE: Sri Lanka


Sri Lanka, Sept. 12 -- The Government of Japan has provided $311US,814
(approximately Rs. 36 million) for the Support for Livelihood of Returnees in
Batticaloa District (Phase 2) to be implemented by JEN, a Japanese humanitarian
NGO, under the Japan-NGO Cooperation Grant Scheme.

The project contributes to construct 40 agro-wells, provide 40 water pumps, and
to conduct workshops to strengthen communities in the eight Grama Niladhari
Divisions of Kiran and Chenkalady Divisional Secretary divisions in Batticaloa.

It is envisaged that the project provides stable water supply, ensures
livelihood and food security, and improves income of 1,000 people.

The project is the forth phase of the Livelihood Project for Returnees in
Batticaloa that JEN has implemented since 2007 through the Japan-NGO Cooperation
Grant Scheme as well as the Japan Platform (JPF), an umbrella organization for
conducting emergency humanitarian assistance outside Japan under the partnership
among the Japanese Government, NGOs, private sector, and economic sector. JEN
also has been supporting the emergency water supply for the Internally Displaced
Persons (IDPs) in the North, utilizing Rs. 60 million through the JPF.

In addition to JEN, six Japanese Humanitarian NGOs, namely, Save the Children
Japan (SCJ), Japan Agency for Development and Emergency (JADE), World Vision
Japan, Japan Center for Conflict Prevention (JCCP), PARC Inter-Peoples
Cooperation (PARCIC), and Peace Winds Japan (PWJ) are providing emergency
support for the Internally Displaced Persons (IDPs) in the North through JPF.

The grant contract was singed between Kunio Takahashi, Ambassador of Japan and
Shu Nishimaru, Head of Colombo Main Office of JEN, on September 8, 2009 at the
Embassy of Japan in Colombo. Published by HT Syndication with permission from
Daily News Sri Lanka. For more information on news feed please contact Sarabjit
Jagirdar at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


            Copyright 2009 The Associated Newspapers of Ceylon Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              234 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          February 10, 2016 Wednesday

Utah: EPA's FY 2017 Budget Request Increases Support for Communities to Deliver
Core Environmental and Health Protection

LENGTH: 2626 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Salt Lake City: Environmental Protection Agency, The State of Utah has issued
the following news release:



 The Obama Administration's Fiscal Year 2017 budget announced today for the U.S.
Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) lays out a strategy to ensure that steady
progress is made in addressing known environmental problems and ensuring the
agency and its partners in environmental protection, states and tribes, are
positioned to meet the challenges of the future. EPA's FY 2017 budget request of
$8.267 billion provides resources vital to that overarching vision. The request
is $127 million above the agency's enacted level for FY 2016.





 "For 45 years, EPA's investments to protect public health and the environment
have consistently paid off," said EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy. "The proposed
budget reflects an understanding that a strong economy depends on a healthy
environment. The Administration is committed to continuing crucial work to curb
climate change while improving air quality, protecting our water, conducting
rigorous scientific research, maintaining an effective compliance and
enforcement program, and making sure the public is safe from toxic chemicals."



 Fiscal Year 2017 Budget Highlights Include:



 Making a Visible Difference in Communities Across the Country



 Helping all communities connect with the information and resources they need to
address local environmental concerns and issues remains a key element of EPA's
community-focused efforts. Coordination with other federal agencies, states,
tribes, and stakeholders will help to focus the work of diverse programs at the
community level. In response to feedback from across the country, this budget
proposes a multifaceted effort to enable communities of all sizes, rural and
urban, to find needed assistance and support for capacity building, planning,
and implementation of environmental protection programs. For example, in
addition to the $17 million provided for the Alaska Native Villages
infrastructure assistance program, and an additional $2.9 million is provided to
these communities to conduct resiliency planning exercises and capacity-building
efforts. This will build upon previous collaborative efforts with FEMA, NOAA and
HUD.



 In addition to existing cross-program efforts, including Community Resource
Coordinators, $2 million is requested for non-EPA Circuit Riders who will help
communities across the Nation connect with information and environmental
programs that address their local concerns. In order to help overburdened and
vulnerable communities address local environmental and public health issues, $5
million dollars will be available to provide financial assistance to eligible
organizations working on these issues. The budget includes $90 million in
Brownfields Project grants to local communities, an increase of $10 million.
These funds will help to return contaminated sites to productive reuse by
increasing investment in technical assistance and community grants for
assessment and cleanup. These efforts include helping communities adopt green
infrastructure, providing technical assistance for building resilience and
adapting to climate change, and helping communities to reduce environmental
impacts through advanced monitoring technology and decision making tools.



 Addressing Climate Change and Improving Air Quality



 The FY 2017 budget prioritizes actions to reduce the impacts of climate change,
one of the most significant challenges for this and future generations, and
supports the President's Climate Action Plan. EPA's FY 2017 Budget includes $235
million for efforts to cut carbon pollution and other greenhouse gases through
common sense standards, guidelines, and voluntary programs. EPA's Clean Power
Plan, which establishes carbon pollution reduction standards for existing power
plants, is a top priority for the agency and will help spur innovation and
economic growth while creating a clean energy economy. Implementing these plans
will involve innovative approaches and flexibility for achieving solutions, as
well as extensive and unprecedented work with states, tribes, and territories,
which is why this budget includes an increase of $25 million in grants to help
states implement their Clean Power Plan strategies.



 As part of the President's 21st Century Clean Transportation Plan, the
President proposes to establish a new mandatory fund at EPA. The existing fleet
of cars, trucks, and buses is aging, contributing to climate change and putting
our children's health at risk. To protect the health of the most vulnerable
populations and reduce childhood exposure to harmful exhaust, EPA will provide a
total of $1.65 billion through the Fund over the course of 10 years to retrofit,
replace, or repower diesel equipment. The proposed funding, which is separate
from the Agency's discretionary funding request, will provide up to $300 million
in FY 2017 to renew and increase funding for the Diesel Emissions Reduction
Grant Program, which is set to expire in 2016.



 Working with the National Highway Transportation Safety Administration, EPA
will continue to address greenhouse gas and fuel efficiency standards for mobile
sources. These standards will represent significant savings at the pump, reduce
carbon pollution, and reduce fuel costs for businesses, which is anticipated to
lower prices for consumers. An additional $1 million is included in the
President's request for this work. The budget also includes a $4.2M increase to
enhance vehicle, engine and fuel compliance programs, including critical testing
capabilities, to ensure compliance with emission standards.



 Protecting the Nation's Waters



 Protecting America's water resources is a critical part of EPA's mission. In FY
2017, the agency will continue to build upon decades of work to ensure our
waterways are clean and our drinking water is safe. There are far reaching
effects when rivers, lakes, and oceans become polluted. Polluted waters can
endanger wildlife, make our drinking water unsafe and threaten the waters where
we swim and fish.



 Building on the strong funding level of $2.0 billion provided through the Clean
Water and Drinking Water State Revolving Funds, $42 million is included for loan
financing, technical assistance, training, and other efforts to enhance the
capacity of communities and states to plan and finance drinking water and
wastewater infrastructure improvements. Twenty million dollars and 12 staff will
support the Water Infrastructure Finance and Innovation Act (WIFIA) program.
WIFIA will expand water and wastewater infrastructure work by making loans for
large innovative projects of regional or national significance. The WIFIA
program will also work to support investments in small communities and promote
public-private collaboration. The $15 million increase in the budget is the
beginning of funding for WIFIA projects and the program is designed to highly
leverage these funds. The Budget also provides $7.1 million for the Water
Infrastructure and Resiliency Finance Center to continue helping communities
across the country focus on financial planning for future public infrastructure
investments, expanding work with states to identify financing opportunities for
rural communities, and enhancing partnership and collaboration with the U.S.
Department of Agriculture on training, technical assistance, and funding
opportunities in rural areas. The Center is part of the Build America investment
initiative, a government-wide effort to increase infrastructure investment and
promote economic growth by creating opportunities for state and local
governments and the private sector to collaborate on infrastructure development.




 Taking Steps to Improve Chemical Facility Safety



 In support of the White House Executive Order on Improving Chemical Facility
Safety and Security, EPA is requesting $23.7 million for the State and Local
Prevention and Preparedness program, an increase of $8.4 million above the FY
2016 enacted level. This increase will allow EPA to continue to improve the
safety and security of chemical facilities and reduce the risks of hazardous
chemicals to facility workers and operators, communities, and responders. These
efforts represent a shared commitment among those with a stake in chemical
facility safety and security: facility owners and operators; federal, state,
local, tribal, and territorial governments; regional entities; nonprofit
organizations; facility workers; first responders; environmental justice and
local environmental organizations; and communities. In FY 2017, EPA will
develop, initiate and deliver training to aid with expansive outreach and
planning for local communities, emergency planners, and responders. This will
assist local emergency planners and first responders in using the risk
information available to them, educating the public about what to do if an
accident occurs; and working effectively with facilities to reduce the risks
associated with the chemicals that are stored, used, or produced on site.



 Protecting Our Land



 EPA strives to protect and restore land to create a safer environment for all
Americans by cleaning up hazardous and non-hazardous wastes that can migrate to
air, groundwater and surface water, contaminating drinking water supplies,
causing acute illnesses and chronic diseases, and threatening healthy
ecosystems. We preserve, restore, and protect our land, for both current and
future generations by cleaning up contaminated sites and returning them to
communities for reuse. Our funds will assist communities in using existing
infrastructure and planning for more efficient and livable communities, and
encouraging the minimization of environmental impacts throughout the full life
cycle of materials.



 In FY 2017, we will increase the Superfund Remedial program by $20 million to
accelerate the pace of cleanups and fund additional construction projects,
supporting states, local communities, and tribes in their efforts to assess and
cleanup sites and return them to productive reuse, and encourage renewable
energy development on formerly hazardous sites when appropriate. We also will
expand the successful Brownfields program, providing grants, and supporting
area-wide planning and technical assistance to maximize the benefits to the
communities. In FY 2017, EPA is investing $90 million in funding for Brownfields
Project grants to local communities, increasing the number of grants for
assessment and cleanup of contaminated sites. The investment in Brownfields
builds on the program's successful community-driven approach to revitalizing
contaminated land and further supports the agency's efforts to make a visible
difference in communities.



 Ensuring the Safety of Chemicals and Preventing Pollution



 EPA's chemical safety programs are integral to efforts to advance a sustainable
future. In FY 2017, we are requesting a total of $679.6 million, an increase of
$56.4 million over the FY 2016 Enacted Budget. EPA will work to expand the usage
of computational tools, and increase and enhance the quality, accessibility, and
usefulness of information about commercial chemicals and pesticides, thereby
strengthening the capability of EPA, other regulators, and the public to assess
chemical hazards and potential exposures, identify potential risks to human
health and the environment and take appropriate risk management action. EPA will
work aggressively to complete additional risk assessments from the TSCA Work
Plan list of existing chemicals and meet its requirement to review all current
pesticide registrations by 2022.



 In FY 2017, $5.9 million is requested to increase support for accelerated risk
reduction work on TSCA Work Plan Chemicals where completed assessments have
identified risks. The request supports efforts to address formaldehyde in
pressed wood products and public concerns associated with the presence of PCBs
in building materials in schools. In FY 2017, EPA's Office of Pesticide Programs
will continue the important work initiated by the Presidential Memorandum
Creating a Federal Strategy to Promote the Health of Honey Bees and Other
Pollinators to reverse pollinator losses and help restore populations to healthy
levels. EPA is committing $500,000 in funding to states to draft pollinator
protection plans.



 Continuing EPA's Commitment to Innovative Research & Development



 Environmental issues in the 21st century are complex because of the interplay
between air quality, climate change, water quality, healthy communities, and
chemical safety. They require different thinking and solutions than those used
in the past. In FY 2017, we will continue to strengthen the agency's ability to
develop solutions by providing $512 million to evaluate and predict potential
environmental and human health impacts for decision makers at all levels of
government. Activities in the FY 2017 Budget include providing support tools for
community health, investigating the unique properties of emerging materials,
such as nanomaterials, and research to support the nation's range of growing
water-use and ecological requirements.



 Supporting State and Tribal Partners



 Effective environmental protection is a joint effort of EPA, states and our
tribal partners. In FY 2017, we are requesting an increase of $77 million in
funding for State and Tribal Assistance categorical grants - for a total of
$3.28 billion. Recognizing the value of aligning and leveraging our efforts, we
are pursuing opportunities for closer collaboration with states and tribes,
including targeted joint planning and governance processes. One example is our
commitment to work collaboratively to streamline, reform, and integrate our
shared business processes and related systems through the E-Enterprise approach.
Joint State-EPA-Tribal governance serves to organize the E-Enterprise
partnership and elevate its visibility, boost coordination capacity, and ensure
the inclusiveness and effectiveness of shared process and management
improvements. This has been successful and will continue to yield the benefits
of increased transparency, efficiency, and burden reduction for communities,
businesses, and government agencies.



 Maintaining a Forward-Looking and Adaptive EPA



 EPA has strategically evaluated its workforce and facility needs over the last
several years. We will continue the comprehensive effort to optimize and update
our physical footprint in FY 2017 and prioritize efforts to save taxpayer
dollars through space optimization and essential renovations. These efforts will
include important laboratory buildings across the country but without
sacrificing high quality of research. Since FY 2012, EPA has released over 250
thousand square feet of office space nationwide, resulting in a cumulative
annual rent avoidance of nearly $9.2 million across all appropriations.
Additional planned consolidations and moves could release another 336 thousand
square feet of office space. The agency will continue on-going work to improve
processes and advance the E-Enterprise effort. The goals are leveraging
technology, streamlining workflow, and improving data quality, and increasing
data sharing and transparency. The agency also is making necessary investments
to improve internal IT services to support productivity and address the issue of
cybersecurity



 Reducing and Eliminating Programs



 EPA continues to examine its programs to find those that have served their
purpose and accomplished their mission. The FY 2017 President's Budget also
eliminates a number of programs totaling $85 million. Details are found in the
EPA FY 2017 Congressional Justification.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              235 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          February 10, 2016 Wednesday

Utah: EPA's FY 2017 Budget Request Increases Support for Communities to Deliver
Core Environmental and Health Protection

LENGTH: 2626 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Salt Lake City: Environmental Protection Agency, The State of Utah has issued
the following news release:



 The Obama Administration's Fiscal Year 2017 budget announced today for the U.S.
Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) lays out a strategy to ensure that steady
progress is made in addressing known environmental problems and ensuring the
agency and its partners in environmental protection, states and tribes, are
positioned to meet the challenges of the future. EPA's FY 2017 budget request of
$8.267 billion provides resources vital to that overarching vision. The request
is $127 million above the agency's enacted level for FY 2016.





 "For 45 years, EPA's investments to protect public health and the environment
have consistently paid off," said EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy. "The proposed
budget reflects an understanding that a strong economy depends on a healthy
environment. The Administration is committed to continuing crucial work to curb
climate change while improving air quality, protecting our water, conducting
rigorous scientific research, maintaining an effective compliance and
enforcement program, and making sure the public is safe from toxic chemicals."



 Fiscal Year 2017 Budget Highlights Include:



 Making a Visible Difference in Communities Across the Country



 Helping all communities connect with the information and resources they need to
address local environmental concerns and issues remains a key element of EPA's
community-focused efforts. Coordination with other federal agencies, states,
tribes, and stakeholders will help to focus the work of diverse programs at the
community level. In response to feedback from across the country, this budget
proposes a multifaceted effort to enable communities of all sizes, rural and
urban, to find needed assistance and support for capacity building, planning,
and implementation of environmental protection programs. For example, in
addition to the $17 million provided for the Alaska Native Villages
infrastructure assistance program, and an additional $2.9 million is provided to
these communities to conduct resiliency planning exercises and capacity-building
efforts. This will build upon previous collaborative efforts with FEMA, NOAA and
HUD.



 In addition to existing cross-program efforts, including Community Resource
Coordinators, $2 million is requested for non-EPA Circuit Riders who will help
communities across the Nation connect with information and environmental
programs that address their local concerns. In order to help overburdened and
vulnerable communities address local environmental and public health issues, $5
million dollars will be available to provide financial assistance to eligible
organizations working on these issues. The budget includes $90 million in
Brownfields Project grants to local communities, an increase of $10 million.
These funds will help to return contaminated sites to productive reuse by
increasing investment in technical assistance and community grants for
assessment and cleanup. These efforts include helping communities adopt green
infrastructure, providing technical assistance for building resilience and
adapting to climate change, and helping communities to reduce environmental
impacts through advanced monitoring technology and decision making tools.



 Addressing Climate Change and Improving Air Quality



 The FY 2017 budget prioritizes actions to reduce the impacts of climate change,
one of the most significant challenges for this and future generations, and
supports the President's Climate Action Plan. EPA's FY 2017 Budget includes $235
million for efforts to cut carbon pollution and other greenhouse gases through
common sense standards, guidelines, and voluntary programs. EPA's Clean Power
Plan, which establishes carbon pollution reduction standards for existing power
plants, is a top priority for the agency and will help spur innovation and
economic growth while creating a clean energy economy. Implementing these plans
will involve innovative approaches and flexibility for achieving solutions, as
well as extensive and unprecedented work with states, tribes, and territories,
which is why this budget includes an increase of $25 million in grants to help
states implement their Clean Power Plan strategies.



 As part of the President's 21st Century Clean Transportation Plan, the
President proposes to establish a new mandatory fund at EPA. The existing fleet
of cars, trucks, and buses is aging, contributing to climate change and putting
our children's health at risk. To protect the health of the most vulnerable
populations and reduce childhood exposure to harmful exhaust, EPA will provide a
total of $1.65 billion through the Fund over the course of 10 years to retrofit,
replace, or repower diesel equipment. The proposed funding, which is separate
from the Agency's discretionary funding request, will provide up to $300 million
in FY 2017 to renew and increase funding for the Diesel Emissions Reduction
Grant Program, which is set to expire in 2016.



 Working with the National Highway Transportation Safety Administration, EPA
will continue to address greenhouse gas and fuel efficiency standards for mobile
sources. These standards will represent significant savings at the pump, reduce
carbon pollution, and reduce fuel costs for businesses, which is anticipated to
lower prices for consumers. An additional $1 million is included in the
President's request for this work. The budget also includes a $4.2M increase to
enhance vehicle, engine and fuel compliance programs, including critical testing
capabilities, to ensure compliance with emission standards.



 Protecting the Nation's Waters



 Protecting America's water resources is a critical part of EPA's mission. In FY
2017, the agency will continue to build upon decades of work to ensure our
waterways are clean and our drinking water is safe. There are far reaching
effects when rivers, lakes, and oceans become polluted. Polluted waters can
endanger wildlife, make our drinking water unsafe and threaten the waters where
we swim and fish.



 Building on the strong funding level of $2.0 billion provided through the Clean
Water and Drinking Water State Revolving Funds, $42 million is included for loan
financing, technical assistance, training, and other efforts to enhance the
capacity of communities and states to plan and finance drinking water and
wastewater infrastructure improvements. Twenty million dollars and 12 staff will
support the Water Infrastructure Finance and Innovation Act (WIFIA) program.
WIFIA will expand water and wastewater infrastructure work by making loans for
large innovative projects of regional or national significance. The WIFIA
program will also work to support investments in small communities and promote
public-private collaboration. The $15 million increase in the budget is the
beginning of funding for WIFIA projects and the program is designed to highly
leverage these funds. The Budget also provides $7.1 million for the Water
Infrastructure and Resiliency Finance Center to continue helping communities
across the country focus on financial planning for future public infrastructure
investments, expanding work with states to identify financing opportunities for
rural communities, and enhancing partnership and collaboration with the U.S.
Department of Agriculture on training, technical assistance, and funding
opportunities in rural areas. The Center is part of the Build America investment
initiative, a government-wide effort to increase infrastructure investment and
promote economic growth by creating opportunities for state and local
governments and the private sector to collaborate on infrastructure development.




 Taking Steps to Improve Chemical Facility Safety



 In support of the White House Executive Order on Improving Chemical Facility
Safety and Security, EPA is requesting $23.7 million for the State and Local
Prevention and Preparedness program, an increase of $8.4 million above the FY
2016 enacted level. This increase will allow EPA to continue to improve the
safety and security of chemical facilities and reduce the risks of hazardous
chemicals to facility workers and operators, communities, and responders. These
efforts represent a shared commitment among those with a stake in chemical
facility safety and security: facility owners and operators; federal, state,
local, tribal, and territorial governments; regional entities; nonprofit
organizations; facility workers; first responders; environmental justice and
local environmental organizations; and communities. In FY 2017, EPA will
develop, initiate and deliver training to aid with expansive outreach and
planning for local communities, emergency planners, and responders. This will
assist local emergency planners and first responders in using the risk
information available to them, educating the public about what to do if an
accident occurs; and working effectively with facilities to reduce the risks
associated with the chemicals that are stored, used, or produced on site.



 Protecting Our Land



 EPA strives to protect and restore land to create a safer environment for all
Americans by cleaning up hazardous and non-hazardous wastes that can migrate to
air, groundwater and surface water, contaminating drinking water supplies,
causing acute illnesses and chronic diseases, and threatening healthy
ecosystems. We preserve, restore, and protect our land, for both current and
future generations by cleaning up contaminated sites and returning them to
communities for reuse. Our funds will assist communities in using existing
infrastructure and planning for more efficient and livable communities, and
encouraging the minimization of environmental impacts throughout the full life
cycle of materials.



 In FY 2017, we will increase the Superfund Remedial program by $20 million to
accelerate the pace of cleanups and fund additional construction projects,
supporting states, local communities, and tribes in their efforts to assess and
cleanup sites and return them to productive reuse, and encourage renewable
energy development on formerly hazardous sites when appropriate. We also will
expand the successful Brownfields program, providing grants, and supporting
area-wide planning and technical assistance to maximize the benefits to the
communities. In FY 2017, EPA is investing $90 million in funding for Brownfields
Project grants to local communities, increasing the number of grants for
assessment and cleanup of contaminated sites. The investment in Brownfields
builds on the program's successful community-driven approach to revitalizing
contaminated land and further supports the agency's efforts to make a visible
difference in communities.



 Ensuring the Safety of Chemicals and Preventing Pollution



 EPA's chemical safety programs are integral to efforts to advance a sustainable
future. In FY 2017, we are requesting a total of $679.6 million, an increase of
$56.4 million over the FY 2016 Enacted Budget. EPA will work to expand the usage
of computational tools, and increase and enhance the quality, accessibility, and
usefulness of information about commercial chemicals and pesticides, thereby
strengthening the capability of EPA, other regulators, and the public to assess
chemical hazards and potential exposures, identify potential risks to human
health and the environment and take appropriate risk management action. EPA will
work aggressively to complete additional risk assessments from the TSCA Work
Plan list of existing chemicals and meet its requirement to review all current
pesticide registrations by 2022.



 In FY 2017, $5.9 million is requested to increase support for accelerated risk
reduction work on TSCA Work Plan Chemicals where completed assessments have
identified risks. The request supports efforts to address formaldehyde in
pressed wood products and public concerns associated with the presence of PCBs
in building materials in schools. In FY 2017, EPA's Office of Pesticide Programs
will continue the important work initiated by the Presidential Memorandum
Creating a Federal Strategy to Promote the Health of Honey Bees and Other
Pollinators to reverse pollinator losses and help restore populations to healthy
levels. EPA is committing $500,000 in funding to states to draft pollinator
protection plans.



 Continuing EPA's Commitment to Innovative Research & Development



 Environmental issues in the 21st century are complex because of the interplay
between air quality, climate change, water quality, healthy communities, and
chemical safety. They require different thinking and solutions than those used
in the past. In FY 2017, we will continue to strengthen the agency's ability to
develop solutions by providing $512 million to evaluate and predict potential
environmental and human health impacts for decision makers at all levels of
government. Activities in the FY 2017 Budget include providing support tools for
community health, investigating the unique properties of emerging materials,
such as nanomaterials, and research to support the nation's range of growing
water-use and ecological requirements.



 Supporting State and Tribal Partners



 Effective environmental protection is a joint effort of EPA, states and our
tribal partners. In FY 2017, we are requesting an increase of $77 million in
funding for State and Tribal Assistance categorical grants - for a total of
$3.28 billion. Recognizing the value of aligning and leveraging our efforts, we
are pursuing opportunities for closer collaboration with states and tribes,
including targeted joint planning and governance processes. One example is our
commitment to work collaboratively to streamline, reform, and integrate our
shared business processes and related systems through the E-Enterprise approach.
Joint State-EPA-Tribal governance serves to organize the E-Enterprise
partnership and elevate its visibility, boost coordination capacity, and ensure
the inclusiveness and effectiveness of shared process and management
improvements. This has been successful and will continue to yield the benefits
of increased transparency, efficiency, and burden reduction for communities,
businesses, and government agencies.



 Maintaining a Forward-Looking and Adaptive EPA



 EPA has strategically evaluated its workforce and facility needs over the last
several years. We will continue the comprehensive effort to optimize and update
our physical footprint in FY 2017 and prioritize efforts to save taxpayer
dollars through space optimization and essential renovations. These efforts will
include important laboratory buildings across the country but without
sacrificing high quality of research. Since FY 2012, EPA has released over 250
thousand square feet of office space nationwide, resulting in a cumulative
annual rent avoidance of nearly $9.2 million across all appropriations.
Additional planned consolidations and moves could release another 336 thousand
square feet of office space. The agency will continue on-going work to improve
processes and advance the E-Enterprise effort. The goals are leveraging
technology, streamlining workflow, and improving data quality, and increasing
data sharing and transparency. The agency also is making necessary investments
to improve internal IT services to support productivity and address the issue of
cybersecurity



 Reducing and Eliminating Programs



 EPA continues to examine its programs to find those that have served their
purpose and accomplished their mission. The FY 2017 President's Budget also
eliminates a number of programs totaling $85 million. Details are found in the
EPA FY 2017 Congressional Justification.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              236 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 9, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: EPA's FY 2017 Budget Request Increases Support for Communities to
Deliver Core Environmental and Health Protection

LENGTH: 2623 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: U.S. Environmental Protection Agency has issued the following news
release:



 The Obama Administration's Fiscal Year 2017 budget announced today for the U.S.
Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) lays out a strategy to ensure that steady
progress is made in addressing known environmental problems and ensuring the
agency and its partners in environmental protection, states and tribes, are
positioned to meet the challenges of the future. EPA's FY 2017 budget request of
$8.267 billion provides resources vital to that overarching vision. The request
is $127 million above the agency's enacted level for FY 2016.





 "For 45 years, EPA's investments to protect public health and the environment
have consistently paid off," said EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy. "The proposed
budget reflects an understanding that a strong economy depends on a healthy
environment. The Administration is committed to continuing crucial work to curb
climate change while improving air quality, protecting our water, conducting
rigorous scientific research, maintaining an effective compliance and
enforcement program, and making sure the public is safe from toxic chemicals."



 Fiscal Year 2017 Budget Highlights Include:



 Making a Visible Difference in Communities Across the Country



 Helping all communities connect with the information and resources they need to
address local environmental concerns and issues remains a key element of EPA's
community-focused efforts. Coordination with other federal agencies, states,
tribes, and stakeholders will help to focus the work of diverse programs at the
community level. In response to feedback from across the country, this budget
proposes a multifaceted effort to enable communities of all sizes, rural and
urban, to find needed assistance and support for capacity building, planning,
and implementation of environmental protection programs. For example, in
addition to the $17 million provided for the Alaska Native Villages
infrastructure assistance program, and an additional $2.9 million is provided to
these communities to conduct resiliency planning exercises and capacity-building
efforts. This will build upon previous collaborative efforts with FEMA, NOAA and
HUD.



 In addition to existing cross-program efforts, including Community Resource
Coordinators, $2 million is requested for non-EPA Circuit Riders who will help
communities across the Nation connect with information and environmental
programs that address their local concerns. In order to help overburdened and
vulnerable communities address local environmental and public health issues, $5
million dollars will be available to provide financial assistance to eligible
organizations working on these issues. The budget includes $90 million in
Brownfields Project grants to local communities, an increase of $10 million.
These funds will help to return contaminated sites to productive reuse by
increasing investment in technical assistance and community grants for
assessment and cleanup. These efforts include helping communities adopt green
infrastructure, providing technical assistance for building resilience and
adapting to climate change, and helping communities to reduce environmental
impacts through advanced monitoring technology and decision making tools.



 Addressing Climate Change and Improving Air Quality



 The FY 2017 budget prioritizes actions to reduce the impacts of climate change,
one of the most significant challenges for this and future generations, and
supports the President's Climate Action Plan. EPA's FY 2017 Budget includes $235
million for efforts to cut carbon pollution and other greenhouse gases through
common sense standards, guidelines, and voluntary programs. EPA's Clean Power
Plan, which establishes carbon pollution reduction standards for existing power
plants, is a top priority for the agency and will help spur innovation and
economic growth while creating a clean energy economy. Implementing these plans
will involve innovative approaches and flexibility for achieving solutions, as
well as extensive and unprecedented work with states, tribes, and territories,
which is why this budget includes an increase of $25 million in grants to help
states implement their Clean Power Plan strategies.



 As part of the President's 21st Century Clean Transportation Plan, the
President proposes to establish a new mandatory fund at EPA. The existing fleet
of cars, trucks, and buses is aging, contributing to climate change and putting
our children's health at risk. To protect the health of the most vulnerable
populations and reduce childhood exposure to harmful exhaust, EPA will provide a
total of $1.65 billion through the Fund over the course of 10 years to retrofit,
replace, or repower diesel equipment. The proposed funding, which is separate
from the Agency's discretionary funding request, will provide up to $300 million
in FY 2017 to renew and increase funding for the Diesel Emissions Reduction
Grant Program, which is set to expire in 2016.



 Working with the National Highway Transportation Safety Administration, EPA
will continue to address greenhouse gas and fuel efficiency standards for mobile
sources. These standards will represent significant savings at the pump, reduce
carbon pollution, and reduce fuel costs for businesses, which is anticipated to
lower prices for consumers. An additional $1 million is included in the
President's request for this work. The budget also includes a $4.2M increase to
enhance vehicle, engine and fuel compliance programs, including critical testing
capabilities, to ensure compliance with emission standards.



 Protecting the Nation's Waters



 Protecting America's water resources is a critical part of EPA's mission. In FY
2017, the agency will continue to build upon decades of work to ensure our
waterways are clean and our drinking water is safe. There are far reaching
effects when rivers, lakes, and oceans become polluted. Polluted waters can
endanger wildlife, make our drinking water unsafe and threaten the waters where
we swim and fish.



 Building on the strong funding level of $2.0 billion provided through the Clean
Water and Drinking Water State Revolving Funds, $42 million is included for loan
financing, technical assistance, training, and other efforts to enhance the
capacity of communities and states to plan and finance drinking water and
wastewater infrastructure improvements. Twenty million dollars and 12 staff will
support the Water Infrastructure Finance and Innovation Act (WIFIA) program.
WIFIA will expand water and wastewater infrastructure work by making loans for
large innovative projects of regional or national significance. The WIFIA
program will also work to support investments in small communities and promote
public-private collaboration. The $15 million increase in the budget is the
beginning of funding for WIFIA projects and the program is designed to highly
leverage these funds. The Budget also provides $7.1 million for the Water
Infrastructure and Resiliency Finance Center to continue helping communities
across the country focus on financial planning for future public infrastructure
investments, expanding work with states to identify financing opportunities for
rural communities, and enhancing partnership and collaboration with the U.S.
Department of Agriculture on training, technical assistance, and funding
opportunities in rural areas. The Center is part of the Build America investment
initiative, a government-wide effort to increase infrastructure investment and
promote economic growth by creating opportunities for state and local
governments and the private sector to collaborate on infrastructure development.




 Taking Steps to Improve Chemical Facility Safety



 In support of the White House Executive Order on Improving Chemical Facility
Safety and Security, EPA is requesting $23.7 million for the State and Local
Prevention and Preparedness program, an increase of $8.4 million above the FY
2016 enacted level. This increase will allow EPA to continue to improve the
safety and security of chemical facilities and reduce the risks of hazardous
chemicals to facility workers and operators, communities, and responders. These
efforts represent a shared commitment among those with a stake in chemical
facility safety and security: facility owners and operators; federal, state,
local, tribal, and territorial governments; regional entities; nonprofit
organizations; facility workers; first responders; environmental justice and
local environmental organizations; and communities. In FY 2017, EPA will
develop, initiate and deliver training to aid with expansive outreach and
planning for local communities, emergency planners, and responders. This will
assist local emergency planners and first responders in using the risk
information available to them, educating the public about what to do if an
accident occurs; and working effectively with facilities to reduce the risks
associated with the chemicals that are stored, used, or produced on site.



 Protecting Our Land



 EPA strives to protect and restore land to create a safer environment for all
Americans by cleaning up hazardous and non-hazardous wastes that can migrate to
air, groundwater and surface water, contaminating drinking water supplies,
causing acute illnesses and chronic diseases, and threatening healthy
ecosystems. We preserve, restore, and protect our land, for both current and
future generations by cleaning up contaminated sites and returning them to
communities for reuse. Our funds will assist communities in using existing
infrastructure and planning for more efficient and livable communities, and
encouraging the minimization of environmental impacts throughout the full life
cycle of materials.



 In FY 2017, we will increase the Superfund Remedial program by $20 million to
accelerate the pace of cleanups and fund additional construction projects,
supporting states, local communities, and tribes in their efforts to assess and
cleanup sites and return them to productive reuse, and encourage renewable
energy development on formerly hazardous sites when appropriate. We also will
expand the successful Brownfields program, providing grants, and supporting
area-wide planning and technical assistance to maximize the benefits to the
communities. In FY 2017, EPA is investing $90 million in funding for Brownfields
Project grants to local communities, increasing the number of grants for
assessment and cleanup of contaminated sites. The investment in Brownfields
builds on the program's successful community-driven approach to revitalizing
contaminated land and further supports the agency's efforts to make a visible
difference in communities.



 Ensuring the Safety of Chemicals and Preventing Pollution



 EPA's chemical safety programs are integral to efforts to advance a sustainable
future. In FY 2017, we are requesting a total of $679.6 million, an increase of
$56.4 million over the FY 2016 Enacted Budget. EPA will work to expand the usage
of computational tools, and increase and enhance the quality, accessibility, and
usefulness of information about commercial chemicals and pesticides, thereby
strengthening the capability of EPA, other regulators, and the public to assess
chemical hazards and potential exposures, identify potential risks to human
health and the environment and take appropriate risk management action. EPA will
work aggressively to complete additional risk assessments from the TSCA Work
Plan list of existing chemicals and meet its requirement to review all current
pesticide registrations by 2022.



 In FY 2017, $5.9 million is requested to increase support for accelerated risk
reduction work on TSCA Work Plan Chemicals where completed assessments have
identified risks. The request supports efforts to address formaldehyde in
pressed wood products and public concerns associated with the presence of PCBs
in building materials in schools. In FY 2017, EPA's Office of Pesticide Programs
will continue the important work initiated by the Presidential Memorandum
Creating a Federal Strategy to Promote the Health of Honey Bees and Other
Pollinators to reverse pollinator losses and help restore populations to healthy
levels. EPA is committing $500,000 in funding to states to draft pollinator
protection plans.



 Continuing EPA's Commitment to Innovative Research & Development



 Environmental issues in the 21st century are complex because of the interplay
between air quality, climate change, water quality, healthy communities, and
chemical safety. They require different thinking and solutions than those used
in the past. In FY 2017, we will continue to strengthen the agency's ability to
develop solutions by providing $512 million to evaluate and predict potential
environmental and human health impacts for decision makers at all levels of
government. Activities in the FY 2017 Budget include providing support tools for
community health, investigating the unique properties of emerging materials,
such as nanomaterials, and research to support the nation's range of growing
water-use and ecological requirements.



 Supporting State and Tribal Partners



 Effective environmental protection is a joint effort of EPA, states and our
tribal partners. In FY 2017, we are requesting an increase of $77 million in
funding for State and Tribal Assistance categorical grants - for a total of
$3.28 billion. Recognizing the value of aligning and leveraging our efforts, we
are pursuing opportunities for closer collaboration with states and tribes,
including targeted joint planning and governance processes. One example is our
commitment to work collaboratively to streamline, reform, and integrate our
shared business processes and related systems through the E-Enterprise approach.
Joint State-EPA-Tribal governance serves to organize the E-Enterprise
partnership and elevate its visibility, boost coordination capacity, and ensure
the inclusiveness and effectiveness of shared process and management
improvements. This has been successful and will continue to yield the benefits
of increased transparency, efficiency, and burden reduction for communities,
businesses, and government agencies.



 Maintaining a Forward-Looking and Adaptive EPA



 EPA has strategically evaluated its workforce and facility needs over the last
several years. We will continue the comprehensive effort to optimize and update
our physical footprint in FY 2017 and prioritize efforts to save taxpayer
dollars through space optimization and essential renovations. These efforts will
include important laboratory buildings across the country but without
sacrificing high quality of research. Since FY 2012, EPA has released over 250
thousand square feet of office space nationwide, resulting in a cumulative
annual rent avoidance of nearly $9.2 million across all appropriations.
Additional planned consolidations and moves could release another 336 thousand
square feet of office space. The agency will continue on-going work to improve
processes and advance the E-Enterprise effort. The goals are leveraging
technology, streamlining workflow, and improving data quality, and increasing
data sharing and transparency. The agency also is making necessary investments
to improve internal IT services to support productivity and address the issue of
cybersecurity



 Reducing and Eliminating Programs



 EPA continues to examine its programs to find those that have served their
purpose and accomplished their mission. The FY 2017 President's Budget also
eliminates a number of programs totaling $85 million. Details are found in the
EPA FY 2017 Congressional Justification.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              237 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 1, 2014 Thursday

Washington: FEMA Awards $1.2M to Central Texas Governments for 2013 Halloween
Floods

LENGTH: 309  words

DATELINE: Washington


Federal Emergency Management Agency has issued the following news release:

Federal funding totaling more than $1.2 million from the Federal Emergency
Management Agency has been approved for eligible city, county and state
government agencies in central Texas following last year's Halloween floods.

The grant money reimburses eligible entities for costs incurred during the Oct.
30-31, 2013 flooding in Caldwell, Hays, Travis and Freestone counties for their
response activities and repairs to flood-damaged infrastructure.

More than $303,000 was approved for administrative costs associated with
disaster response and recovery efforts; another $369,671 reimburses for debris
removal and emergency protective measures; and $619,930 pays for eligible
repairs to road systems, bridges, water control facilities and public buildings,
contents and utilities, and parks and recreational facilities.

Additional funding is expected in the coming weeks, as FEMA continues to work
with its local and state partners to review and approve eligible projects. The
funding is authorized under a Dec. 20, 2013 federal disaster declaration, which
designated the four counties eligible for Public Assistance. The agency's Hazard
Mitigation Grant Program was approved statewide.

The mission of FEMA's Public Assistance Grant Program is to provide assistance
to state, tribal and local governments, and certain types of nonprofit
organizations so that communities can quickly respond and recover from major
disasters or emergencies declared by the president.

Through the program, FEMA provides supplemental federal disaster grant
assistance for debris removal, emergency protective measures, and the repair,
replacement, or restoration of disaster-damaged, publicly owned facilities of
certain nonprofit (PNP) organizations.

For further information please visit: http://www.fema.gov/

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              238 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                               May 4, 2015 Monday

Kentucky: President Grants Disaster Declaration Requested by Governor Beshear

LENGTH: 501  words

DATELINE: Frankfort


Department of Commonwealth, The State of Kentucky has issued the following news
release:

Governor Steve Beshear was notified late Thursday that President Barack Obama
has authorized assistance for certain Kentucky counties that suffered
significant damage as a result of the February severe winter storm event.

"Kentucky communities were hit hard by the devastation caused by this and other
subsequent storms," said Gov. Beshear.  "I am grateful that our request was
granted quickly, and our communities appreciate the assistance that will be
provided to the most severely impacted areas."

The President's action makes federal funding available to affected governments
and certain non-profit organizations under FEMA's Public Assistance Program.

Disaster requests are pending approval for a subsequent heavy snowstorm in March
and a flooding event in April.  FEMA has changed its policies regarding disaster
declarations, requiring states to gather much more information about damages
before filing a formal declaration request, which can take weeks or even months.
FEMA's review of those requests can be lengthy.  Fortunately, FEMA approved this
request within two weeks of receiving it.


Gov. Beshear declared a statewide emergency on Feb. 16 as a snowstorm dumped
record amounts of snow (up to a foot or more) in some counties, followed by
historic bitter arctic temperatures and localized flooding.  The extreme
temperatures caused significant damage to water plants in some eastern Kentucky
counties. Thousands of customers were without water service for several weeks,
prompting Kentucky Emergency Management (KYEM) to coordinate delivery of almost
450,000 gallons of water to the impacted counties.

"Bringing federal assistance to Kentucky has been a team effort among our local,
state and federal partners.  I am grateful that we can now begin the important
process of moving assistance into the declared areas," said Michael Dossett,
director of Kentucky Emergency Management.

The following counties met their federal thresholds for measurable damage, and
will be eligible for assistance for emergency work and the repair or replacement
of disaster-damaged public facilities:

Boyd

Boyle

Caldwell

Clark

Estill

Floyd

Harlan

Jackson

Jessamine

Knott

Knox

Lawrence

Lee

Letcher

Lyon

Marshall

Menifee

Metcalfe

Morgan

Pendleton

Perry

Pike

Powell

Simpson

Taylor

Washington

Wolfe


The following counties also qualified for emergency snow assistance:

Boyd

Boyle

Caldell

Estill

Floyd

Jackson

Jessamine

Knott

Lawrence

Lee

Lyon

Menifee

Morgan

Pike

Powell

Simpson

Taylor

Washington

Wolfe

During the disaster, Gov. Beshear implemented executive orders to protect
consumers from price gouging and to allow residents in affected areas to get
emergency refills of prescripions, excluding controlled substances.  He also
directed the temporary suspension of restrictions on certain motor carriers and
utility vehicles delivering disaster relief supplies.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              239 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 24, 2014 Tuesday

Minnesota: Protective Measures in Place As Rivers Begin to Crest

LENGTH: 543  words

DATELINE: Saint Paul


Department of Public Safety, The State of Minnesota has issued the following
press release:

Rivers across Minnesota continue to crest at or above major flood stage in many
areas following more than a week of heavy rain. Communities in the affected area
have protective measures in place and continue to monitor river levels.

Minnesota Recovers Task Force
Governor Mark Dayton will convene a meeting today of the Minnesota Recovers Task
Force (MRTF)  to discuss programs state agencies have available to assist with
the flood recovery.

The MRTF includes federal, state and local agencies working together to
prioritize and coordinate the disaster recovery efforts by its member agencies.
It was created to provide a one-stop-shop for local governments to seek recovery
assistance following a disaster.

Executive Council
Governor Dayton will also convene a meeting today of the Executive Council to
extend the State of Emergency for 35 Minnesota Counties. The Executive Council
consists of the Governor and constitutional officers. Executive Council action
is needed to extend the emergency declaration for up to 30 days.

Flooding impacts roads around the state
MnDOT has closed 15 river crossings or roadways due to flooding.

In the Twin Cities Metro area, two Minnesota River crossings, Hwy 41 near Chaska
and Hwy 101 in Shakopee, are closed. MnDOT has done work to protect I-35W near
Burnsville.
    The Stillwater Lift Bridge is closed.
    In greater Minnesota, the most significant closure is Hwy 169 between St.
Peter and Mankato.
    More closings may be required as rivers continue to rise across the state.
Check the MnDOT flood page and 511mn.org for updates.

Private water wells contaminated with flood water can pose health risk
Heavy rains causing overland and flash flooding have put some Minnesota
homeowners' private wells under water and threatens many others. The Minnesota
Department of Health (MDH) is advising well owners that private water wells
contaminated with flood water can pose a health risk. So it's important to take
precautions to protect your well and your health before flooding, if possible,
and take corrective actions if your well is flooded. Learn more from the
Minnesota Department of Health.

State Parks
Some state parks and state recreation areas have storm-related damage, flooding,
and closures.

Blue Mounds State Park is closed until further notice due to flooding.
    Fort Snelling State Park is closed due to flooding along the Mississippi
River in St. Paul.
    Franz Jevne State Park is closed due to flooding along the Rainy River.

Disaster Relief Grants Available for Minnesota Veterans and Families
The Minnesota Department of Veterans Affairs (MDVA) is offering Disaster Relief
Grants for reimbursable expenses to Veterans in the 35 counties named in
Governor Dayton's State of Emergency declaration. Veterans, their families, and
surviving spouses may be eligible for a disaster relief grant of up to $1,000 if
they have not received other state or federal assistance. Read more about the
MDVA grants.

Minnesota National Guard
The Minnesota National Guard missions continue with 100 soldiers in Koochiching
County and 20 soldiers in Henderson.

For further information please visit: https://dps.mn.gov/

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              240 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 4, 2016 Friday

Washington: USDA Announces $331 Million Investment for Clean Water
Infrastructure in Rural Communities

LENGTH: 733  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that the U.S. Department of
Agriculture (USDA) is investing $331 million in 85 projects that will improve
water and wastewater infrastructure in rural areas in 39 states and American
Samoa. Community infrastructure investments are a key piece of USDA's mission to
support America's rural communities, and these investments build on the $13.9
billion USDA has invested over the course of the Obama Administration to support
5,825 water and waste infrastructure projects that currently benefit 19.5
million rural residents.





 "Strategic investments like these into community infrastructure provide a path
to rural economic growth," Vilsack said. "Water and wastewater upgrades protect
the health and safety of those who live and work in rural areas, and are
especially critical given today's aging infrastructure in areas that have not
fully benefited from rural America's economic rebound. Modernizing water and
wastewater systems improves the quality of life and can help attract jobs to
rural communities."



 USDA is providing $264 million in loans and $67 million in grants through Rural
Development's Water & Environmental Programs. These programs provide assistance
and financing to develop drinking water and waste disposal systems for
communities with 10,000 or fewer residents.



 For example, in South Carolina, the Laurens County Water and Sewer Commission
is receiving a $34.8 million USDA loan and a $1.2 million USDA grant to
construct a water treatment plant. Currently, the Commission purchases water
from three separate water systems, whose infrastructure is aging.



 The Summit Springs Regional Waste District in Henry County, Ind., is receiving
a $1.4 million loan and a $4.2 million grant for a sewer rehabilitation project
to address raw sewage leakages and to comply with environmental regulations.



 The city of Truth or Consequences in Sierra County, N.M., has been selected for
a $715,000 loan and a $4.5 million grant for the second phase of wastewater
treatment plant improvements to comply with environmental regulations. Sierra
County is included in USDA's StrikeForce for Rural Growth and Opportunity
initiative to address persistent poverty across America.



 Of the 85 projects announced today, 21 are located in StrikeForce areas, and
one project - an Emergency Community Water Assistance Grant in Jackson, Ky., -
is also in an area targeted for assistance by the Obama Administration's Promise
Zone initiative. These 21 projects are receiving more than $63 million in loans
and $30 million in grants, which is 28 percent of today's total investment and
nearly 45 percent of the grant funding.



 Funding for each project announced today is contingent upon the recipient
meeting the terms of the loan, grant or loan/grant agreement.



 Today's funding builds on USDA's historic investments in rural America over the
past seven years. Since 2009, USDA has worked to strengthen and support rural
communities and American agriculture, an industry that supports one in 11
American jobs, provides American consumers with more than 80 percent of the food
we consume, ensures that Americans spend less of their paychecks at the grocery
store than most people in other countries, and supports markets for homegrown
renewable energy and materials.



 Since 2009, USDA Rural Development (@USDARD) has invested $13.9 billion for
5,825 water and waste infrastructure projects, benefiting 19.5 million rural
residents; invested nearly $13 billion to start or expand nearly 112,000 rural
businesses; helped 1.1 million rural residents buy homes; funded nearly 9,200
community facilities such as schools, public safety and health care facilities;
and helped bring high-speed Internet access to nearly 6 million rural residents
and businesses. USDA also has invested $38.2 billion in 1,057 electric projects
that have financed more than 198,000 miles of transmission and distribution
lines serving 4.6 million rural residents. For more information, visit
www.usda.gov/results.



 To read more about USDA's investments in rural America and its successful
turnaround, visit USDA's entry on Medium.com , Rural America Is Back in
Business.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              241 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 1, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: USDA Announces $331 Million Investment for Clean Water
Infrastructure in Rural Communities

LENGTH: 733  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that the U.S. Department of
Agriculture (USDA) is investing $331 million in 85 projects that will improve
water and wastewater infrastructure in rural areas in 39 states and American
Samoa. Community infrastructure investments are a key piece of USDA's mission to
support America's rural communities, and these investments build on the $13.9
billion USDA has invested over the course of the Obama Administration to support
5,825 water and waste infrastructure projects that currently benefit 19.5
million rural residents.





 "Strategic investments like these into community infrastructure provide a path
to rural economic growth," Vilsack said. "Water and wastewater upgrades protect
the health and safety of those who live and work in rural areas, and are
especially critical given today's aging infrastructure in areas that have not
fully benefited from rural America's economic rebound. Modernizing water and
wastewater systems improves the quality of life and can help attract jobs to
rural communities."



 USDA is providing $264 million in loans and $67 million in grants through Rural
Development's Water & Environmental Programs. These programs provide assistance
and financing to develop drinking water and waste disposal systems for
communities with 10,000 or fewer residents.



 For example, in South Carolina, the Laurens County Water and Sewer Commission
is receiving a $34.8 million USDA loan and a $1.2 million USDA grant to
construct a water treatment plant. Currently, the Commission purchases water
from three separate water systems, whose infrastructure is aging.



 The Summit Springs Regional Waste District in Henry County, Ind., is receiving
a $1.4 million loan and a $4.2 million grant for a sewer rehabilitation project
to address raw sewage leakages and to comply with environmental regulations.



 The city of Truth or Consequences in Sierra County, N.M., has been selected for
a $715,000 loan and a $4.5 million grant for the second phase of wastewater
treatment plant improvements to comply with environmental regulations. Sierra
County is included in USDA's StrikeForce for Rural Growth and Opportunity
initiative to address persistent poverty across America.



 Of the 85 projects announced today, 21 are located in StrikeForce areas, and
one project - an Emergency Community Water Assistance Grant in Jackson, Ky., -
is also in an area targeted for assistance by the Obama Administration's Promise
Zone initiative. These 21 projects are receiving more than $63 million in loans
and $30 million in grants, which is 28 percent of today's total investment and
nearly 45 percent of the grant funding.



 Funding for each project announced today is contingent upon the recipient
meeting the terms of the loan, grant or loan/grant agreement.



 Today's funding builds on USDA's historic investments in rural America over the
past seven years. Since 2009, USDA has worked to strengthen and support rural
communities and American agriculture, an industry that supports one in 11
American jobs, provides American consumers with more than 80 percent of the food
we consume, ensures that Americans spend less of their paychecks at the grocery
store than most people in other countries, and supports markets for homegrown
renewable energy and materials.



 Since 2009, USDA Rural Development (@USDARD) has invested $13.9 billion for
5,825 water and waste infrastructure projects, benefiting 19.5 million rural
residents; invested nearly $13 billion to start or expand nearly 112,000 rural
businesses; helped 1.1 million rural residents buy homes; funded nearly 9,200
community facilities such as schools, public safety and health care facilities;
and helped bring high-speed Internet access to nearly 6 million rural residents
and businesses. USDA also has invested $38.2 billion in 1,057 electric projects
that have financed more than 198,000 miles of transmission and distribution
lines serving 4.6 million rural residents. For more information, visit
www.usda.gov/results.



 To read more about USDA's investments in rural America and its successful
turnaround, visit USDA's entry on Medium.com , Rural America Is Back in
Business.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              242 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 1, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: USDA Announces $331 Million Investment for Clean Water
Infrastructure in Rural Communities

LENGTH: 733  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that the U.S. Department of
Agriculture (USDA) is investing $331 million in 85 projects that will improve
water and wastewater infrastructure in rural areas in 39 states and American
Samoa. Community infrastructure investments are a key piece of USDA's mission to
support America's rural communities, and these investments build on the $13.9
billion USDA has invested over the course of the Obama Administration to support
5,825 water and waste infrastructure projects that currently benefit 19.5
million rural residents.





 "Strategic investments like these into community infrastructure provide a path
to rural economic growth," Vilsack said. "Water and wastewater upgrades protect
the health and safety of those who live and work in rural areas, and are
especially critical given today's aging infrastructure in areas that have not
fully benefited from rural America's economic rebound. Modernizing water and
wastewater systems improves the quality of life and can help attract jobs to
rural communities."



 USDA is providing $264 million in loans and $67 million in grants through Rural
Development's Water & Environmental Programs. These programs provide assistance
and financing to develop drinking water and waste disposal systems for
communities with 10,000 or fewer residents.



 For example, in South Carolina, the Laurens County Water and Sewer Commission
is receiving a $34.8 million USDA loan and a $1.2 million USDA grant to
construct a water treatment plant. Currently, the Commission purchases water
from three separate water systems, whose infrastructure is aging.



 The Summit Springs Regional Waste District in Henry County, Ind., is receiving
a $1.4 million loan and a $4.2 million grant for a sewer rehabilitation project
to address raw sewage leakages and to comply with environmental regulations.



 The city of Truth or Consequences in Sierra County, N.M., has been selected for
a $715,000 loan and a $4.5 million grant for the second phase of wastewater
treatment plant improvements to comply with environmental regulations. Sierra
County is included in USDA's StrikeForce for Rural Growth and Opportunity
initiative to address persistent poverty across America.



 Of the 85 projects announced today, 21 are located in StrikeForce areas, and
one project - an Emergency Community Water Assistance Grant in Jackson, Ky., -
is also in an area targeted for assistance by the Obama Administration's Promise
Zone initiative. These 21 projects are receiving more than $63 million in loans
and $30 million in grants, which is 28 percent of today's total investment and
nearly 45 percent of the grant funding.



 Funding for each project announced today is contingent upon the recipient
meeting the terms of the loan, grant or loan/grant agreement.



 Today's funding builds on USDA's historic investments in rural America over the
past seven years. Since 2009, USDA has worked to strengthen and support rural
communities and American agriculture, an industry that supports one in 11
American jobs, provides American consumers with more than 80 percent of the food
we consume, ensures that Americans spend less of their paychecks at the grocery
store than most people in other countries, and supports markets for homegrown
renewable energy and materials.



 Since 2009, USDA Rural Development (@USDARD) has invested $13.9 billion for
5,825 water and waste infrastructure projects, benefiting 19.5 million rural
residents; invested nearly $13 billion to start or expand nearly 112,000 rural
businesses; helped 1.1 million rural residents buy homes; funded nearly 9,200
community facilities such as schools, public safety and health care facilities;
and helped bring high-speed Internet access to nearly 6 million rural residents
and businesses. USDA also has invested $38.2 billion in 1,057 electric projects
that have financed more than 198,000 miles of transmission and distribution
lines serving 4.6 million rural residents. For more information, visit
www.usda.gov/results.



 To read more about USDA's investments in rural America and its successful
turnaround, visit USDA's entry on Medium.com , Rural America Is Back in
Business.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              243 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           The Taos News (New Mexico)

                           February 24, 2011 Thursday

GOV. TO SEEK FED DISASTER DECLARATION

BYLINE: STAFF REPORT

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A-4

LENGTH: 369 words


Gov. Susana Martinez announced Wednesday (Feb. 23) she has asked the Obama
administration for a federal disaster declaration.

If granted, federal funds would be made available to offset costs to the state
and communities because of extreme cold weather and natural gas outages earlier
this month.

Federal laws require a governor to seek a presidential disaster declaration to
receive funds through the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA).

FEMA damage assessment teams have reported that uninsured damages will exceed
$4.6 million.

"We have been working with FEMA since day one to ensure that New Mexico's
cities, counties and pueblos are able to recover from the aftermath of the
numerous problems created by extreme cold weather and natural gas outages across
the state," said Martinez in a prepared statement. "We will continue the process
of rebuilding and recovering by asking the federal government for a disaster
declaration. This will allow us to work with local communities to process and
repair damage as quickly as possible."

State officials and FEMA personnel inspected damaged government buildings, roads
and other infrastructure to qualify for a presidential disaster declaration.

These federal funds would supplement $750,000 in emergency money the governor
authorized.

A $1.1 million fund created by the Department of Finance and Administration
through a U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development Community Development
Block Grant (CDBG) will provide disaster relief to low-income New Mexicans;
regional planning districts throughout the state will oversee that fund.

Inspections have been conducted in the counties of Taos, Río Arriba, Sandoval,
Bernalillo, Socorro, Sierra, Otero, and Lincoln.

In addition to widespread natural gas outages, Lincoln County had a massive
water outage due to frozen water mains in Ruidoso and other communities as
temperatures plunged.

The pueblos of Taos, Santa Clara, San Felipe, and Santa Ana, as well as the
Mescalero Apache Tribe, have also reported infrastructure damage.

The state Department of Homeland Security and Emergency Management will
coordinate all requests for assistance to counties and cities once the disaster
declaration is approved.

--Staff Report

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: See pdf's for exact rendition, caption, graphics and photographer info.


PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2011 The Taos News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              244 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Broomfield Enterprise, Colo.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            June 25, 2014 Wednesday

Broomfield to receive FEMA, state help to repair flood-damaged ditch structures

BYLINE: Megan Quinn, Broomfield Enterprise, Colo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 517 words


June 25--Nearly a year after the September floods, Broomfield is getting
financial assistance from FEMA and the state to repair some damaged water
structures.

Broomfield will receive funding to repair parts of two flood-damaged ditches
that provide non-potable water. Broomfield will pay the cost up front, but will
be reimbursed for most of it by the Federal Emergency Management Agency and
Colorado's disaster relief fund.

At its meeting Tuesday, City Council voted to fund the ditch repairs, which will
cost $457,198. In return, FEMA will reimburse 75 percent of the repair costs, or
$344,034.

The state will use its disaster relief funds to reimburse Broomfield for another
12.5 percent of the costs, or $56,582.

Broomfield will pay the remaining $56,582 in repairs, said City and County
Manager Charles Ozaki.

Just after the September floods, FEMA designated 18 counties as eligible for
financial assistance. Since Broomfield's flood damage was not as severe as
places such as Boulder, it did not qualify for assistance, Ozaki said.

Yet the two damaged ditches, the Upper Church Ditch and the McKay Ditch, are
eligible for financial assistance because they are located in Jefferson County,
a county FEMA designated for flood assistance, Ozaki said.

Broomfield is the sole owner of the two ditches, which divert water from Coal
Creek and into Great Western Reservoir, according to a staff memo.

The water is typically used for irrigation and on grass and foliage throughout
the city, but major flooding ruined head gates and diversion structures that
help get the water from Coal Creek into the reservoir.

In some places, flood debris damaged diversion structures of both ditches. Both
ditches also have problems with the headgates, which control water flowing
through the ditch. In the case of the Upper Church Ditch, the headgate was
completely washed away, while the McKay Ditch headgate is buried under debris
and can't be used or replaced until the debris is removed, according to the
memo.

Councilman Sam Taylor said the price tag for the repairs might seem like a lot,
but it "pales in comparison to other cities" that have experienced much more
severe flooding and now face more extreme repairs.

The FEMA assistance "is not chump change," he said.

Broomfield will pay for the repairs before receiving the reimbursement. Council
on Tuesday had to approve an amended water fund budget to cover those costs,
Ozaki said.

Though the damage occurred in September, Broomfield spent a few months working
with FEMA to document the damage before being able to receive funding approval,
according to the memo.

Broomfield estimates flood damage within the city and county totaled about
$782,907, Ozaki said. That includes damage to a few private homes, which are
eligible for grant money from United Way and the Community Development Block
Grant.

Contact Enterprise Staff Writer Megan Quinn at 303-410-2649 or
quinnm@broomfieldenterprise.com

___ (c)2014 the Broomfield Enterprise (Broomfield, Colo.) Visit the Broomfield
Enterprise (Broomfield, Colo.) at www.broomfieldenterprise.com Distributed by
MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: June 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20140625-1BE-Broomfield-to-receive-FEMA-state-help-to-repair-flood-damaged-ditch
-structures-0625-20140625

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1BE


                      Copyright 2014 Broomfield Enterprise


                              245 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            July 13, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: McConnell Works with Park City Volunteer Fire Department to Secure
New Water-Tanker Truck

LENGTH: 203  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Mitch McConnell has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell announced Friday that the Federal
Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) has approved a request to provide $247,620 in
funding for the Park City Volunteer Fire Department. The competitive grant,
awarded by FEMA's Assistance to Firefighters Grant program (AFG), will be used
to purchase a new water-tanker truck.





 "This is great news for the Park City Volunteer Fire Department, and I was
pleased to work with Chief Stinson to help make it happen," Senator McConnell
said. "This funding will help the Department replace their only water-tanker
trunk, which is outdated and has been repeatedly out of service The new vehicle
will help them better serve the community and keep people safe."



 Park City Volunteer Fire Department Chief Ronnie Stinson said: "We appreciate
Senator McConnell's assistance in securing this grant. Procuring a new tanker
truck for our department is critical to continuing to provide adequate fire
protection to Park City and the surrounding area."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              246 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                           December 22, 2011 Thursday

Full speed ahead -- a Code 1, perhaps? -- for emergency service upgrade

BYLINE: PAT McTAGGART For the TH

SECTION: A; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 400 words


ELKADER, Iowa - With the help of two Assistance to Firefighters grants, Clayton
County emergency communications is undergoing a significant update. Phase I, of
the three-phase project, is finished, includes simulcast paging and
interoperability repeaters for emergency personnel.

The simulcast paging eliminates much of the unwanted traffic on the paging
channel. There also is enhanced paging coverage by expanding the number of
towers from three to five, using existing water towers in various communities.

Interoperability repeaters replaced the old county fire and emergency
frequencies. Radios for emergency personnel are being reprogrammed to comply
with federal narrow banding requirements. The cost for Phase I was paid for with
a $320,000 Assistance to Firefighters grant and an additional $50,000 from the
county and Emergency Management.

Phase II, which is expected to be completed by the end of January, provides a
microwave system to the five communications towers to tie them together. It also
will provide for future expansion of the system if necessary. The second phase
was paid for with a $297,000 Assistance to Firefighters grant and a $15,600
county match.

"The technologies that Clayton County has replaced will help make the county
compliant with all the new FCC regulations," said Jeff Swift, who worked on the
project for ComElect Services, of Dubuque.

Phase III will get both hand-held and vehicle radios for emergency personnel
that can handle narrow band-mandated communications. Personal pagers for fire
and emergency personnel also will be purchased. Clayton County Emergency
Management Director Joel Biggs said the county has applied for a $250,000
Assistance to Firefighters grant for the equipment, which will be purchased if
the grant is approved by FEMA this month.

A $500,000 grant application also has been submitted for Phase IV, which will
provide a simulcast voice system for emergency personnel and will allow two-way
communications. The grant also is dependent upon FEMA approval sometime this
month.

"When completed, the new system will provide reliable and consistent
communications to all emergency personnel in the county and it will also enhance
communications to most of the dead spots in the county," Biggs said. "It will
also cut down on maintenance, since the equipment is brand new. Right now we
have to find parts for equipment that is 30 or 40 years old."

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2011 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              247 of 998 DOCUMENTS


              The Stanly News & Press (Albemarle, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             October 8, 2010 Friday

Commissioners authorize interim financing for Cottonville water project

BYLINE: Tiffany Thompson, The Stanly News & Press, Albemarle, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 409 words


Oct. 08--The Stanly County Board of Commissioners voted to authorize the signing
of an interlocal agreement between Stanly County and Stanly Water & Sewer
Authority for interim financing for the Phase 2 Cottonville project.

Stanly Water & Sewer Authority is working to construct a water line along N.C.
138 near the Cottonville community, funding for which will be from a U.S.
Department of Agricult-ure (USDA) loan, a USDA grant and a North Carolina
Department of Commerce Community Development Block Grant (CDBG).

The funds for the project, which is expected to cost approximately $4.42
million, will not be available until after its completion, though.

As a result, the commissioners voted unanimously to authorize the interlocal
agreement, which will provide the Sewer Authority with financing for the project
on an interim basis as needed until the completion of the project. The agreement
also requires a 3 percent interest rate for the financing to be reimbursed by
the Sewer Authority after receiving the CDBG grant and the USDA loan and grant.

The commissioners also agreed to execute an agreement with the North Carolina
Water and Wastewater Agency Response Network (Water WARN) for mutual aid and
assistance.

The agreement will make it possible for the county to receive assistance from
other public and private water and wastewater utilities throughout the state in
the event of an emergency. It also makes it possible for the county to offer
assistance to other agencies if the need arises.

"While we are not obligated by this agreement to provide aid, it does make it
possible," Utilities Director Donna Davis said.

Commissioner Lindsey Dunevant added that it would also be beneficial for the
county to take part in the agreement because he said it would be better to have
such an agreement in place should the county ever find itself in a situation
where water or wastewater assistance would be needed.

Contact Tiffany Thompson at (704) 982-2121 ext. 24 or
snaponline24@carolina.rr.com

To see more of The Stanly News & Press or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://thesnaponline.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Stanly News & Press,
Albemarle, N.C. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail
services@mctinfoservices.com, or call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States,
call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20101008-ZF-Commissioners-authorize-interim-financing-for-Cottonville-
water-project-1008-20101008

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZF


                     Copyright 2010 The Stanly News & Press


                              248 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                           February 28, 2009 Saturday

Ready for work ... if there is any;
Agencies develop plans to win stimulus money

BYLINE: CAREN BURMEISTER

SECTION: Pg. L-1

LENGTH: 1179 words


Beaches-area coordinators of public works projects and health and social service
programs are working feverishly to grab a piece of the $787-billion federal
economic stimulus package.

To compete for the grants, they have presented, or are quickly developing,
"shovel-ready" projects that will be ready to contract in 120 days.

"You hate to get too excited," said Cindy Funkhouser, who oversees the Beaches
Community Healthcare Clinic in Jacksonville Beach, which has seen about 300 new
patients this month. She will seek some stimulus money for the clinic's mental
health and information technology programs and met with Duval County Health
Department officials this week to coordinate a stimulus plan.

"We have to be ready," Funkhouser said. "We're trying to get our plan together
and be pro-active. Of course, mental health is at the top of my list."

Atlantic Beach Assistant City Manager David Thompson said he doesn't expect the
city to receive a "windfall." But he's hopeful the city will get assistance on
projects like its $11 million wastewater treatment plant upgrade, which is
required to make the facility more nitrogen- and pollution-friendly.

"We want to be in a position that we are poised to say, "Yes, we can make it
work.' We're gong to make sure we're not ignored," Thompson said.

The economic stimulus bill, signed into law Feb. 17, is meant to create and
preserve jobs and promote economic growth. It strives to do that through tax
breaks, thousands of local building projects, the promotion of science and the
renewable energy industry, and financially stabilizing state and local
governments.

The mammoth economic bill will touch Beaches residents' lives on many levels in
the upcoming months and years.

Workers will receive tax credits. For people who have lost their jobs,
unemployment benefits will be extended through Dec. 31 and increased by $25 a
week. The bill will also subsidize 60 percent of their health care insurance
premiums through their former employer and provide grants for job training
programs, particularly in the renewable energy and heath care fields.

Needy Beaches residents will be eligible for a 14 percent increase in food-stamp
benefits, which Beaches Emergency Assistance Ministry is preparing to administer
in April, said Vivian Southwell, BEAM's executive director.

Because the agency wants to help keep families in their homes, BEAM will also be
in a good position to receive homeless prevention funding through the economic
stimulus package, said Diane Gilbert, executive director of the Emergency
Services and Homeless Coalition of Jacksonville. The federal bill will provide
money to keep people in their homes or rapidly house people who have just lost
their homes through rental and mortgage assistance, housing search assistance,
utility payments and credit repair.

GRANTS TO EXPAND HEAD START

Meanwhile, agencies that provide, or planned to provide, child care for
low-income families, will be eligible for stimulus grants to expand the Head
Start program and fund child care and development block grants.

Emergency food and shelter assistance grants for the homeless will likely be
tapped by Mission House, a Jacksonville Beach-based day center that provides
meals, showers, clothing and health clinics for homeless people.

Police departments may seek stimulus bill grants for community policing
programs. Fire chiefs could get money to help build and upgrade fire stations.

Stimulus money distributed by the National Endowment for the Arts will help
preserve and create nonprofit art activities that have been threatened by the
economic recession.

The stimulus bill also supports military construction projects, which could
include Mayport Naval Station's preparation for a nuclear aircraft carrier. It
offers billions of dollars for military construction projects, including the
repair and modernization of Navy barracks and medical facilities; homeowner
assistance to soldiers harmed by the mortgage crisis; improvements to Coast
Guard shore facilities and navigational aids; and assistance grants for small
shipyards.

And that's just the tip of the iceberg.

Atlantic Beach and Jacksonville Beach have presented several "shovel-ready"
infrastructure projects to the state for infrastructure funding under the
economic stimulus bill. Their proposals are among hundreds of projects statewide
that could create 70,000 jobs, according to the Florida League of Cities, which
prepared the state infrastructure list.

"We have been working on this before Oct. 1 because we anticipated what was
coming," Thompson said. "Some of these things were natural fits. These are
projects that will truly provide employment and are unfunded right now."

In addition to the wastewater treatment plant upgrade, Atlantic Beach has asked
for stimulus money to construct a new public safety building, build a water
reuse program, replace deteriorated underground pipes that create problems with
rainwater intrusion in the wastewater treatment system and rehabilitate the
Royal Palms subdivision's drainage system.

Jacksonville Beach, which has submitted about five public works projects to the
state for stimulus funding, recently learned it will receive $5 million for the
Ninth Street South Improvement Project. That 1.5-mile project between Beach
Boulevard and Osceola Avenue will involve adding curbs and textured crosswalks
made of patterned concrete to slow motorists, as well as landscaping.

WASTEWATER TREATMENT PLANT

That city has also requested stimulus money to upgrade its wastewater treatment
plant to meet new nitrogen standards, a project that's expected to cost roughly
$20 million. It's also seeking stimulus money to improve traffic and pedestrian
safety and emergency evacuation; replace pump station equipment; and renovate
the central and south storm-water basins.

Since Neptune Beach doesn't have any "shovel-ready" infrastructure projects, it
doesn't appear on the Florida League of Cities' state infrastructure list.
However, the city is still seeking about $12 million worth of stimulus funding
for various programs and projects, said City Manager Jim Jarboe.

They include block grants for the Neptune Beach Senior Center; funding for
federal-aid roads such as First Street, Seagate Avenue and Florida Boulevard;
and grants for the city's wastewater treatment plant upgrade.

Southwell of BEAM is excited about the stimulus bill's potential. In January,
the agency helped 841 people with food pantry items, food stamps and mental
health counseling, which represents a 29 percent increase compared to January of
last year, she said.

BEAM has seen 11 homeless families since Jan. 1, she said, and about 90 percent
of the clients who have come in have lost jobs.

"We're seeing a whole new population of people," Southwell said. They're kind of
in shellshock."

"I'm hoping to get my hands on some of this pretty quickly," Southwell said.
"It's good news."

For more information on the economic stimulus legislation and where and how the
money will be spent, visit www.recovery.gov.

Caren Burmeister can also be reached at (904) 249-4947, ext. 6321.

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
Vivian Southwell, executive director of the Beaches Emergency Assistance
Ministry office in Jacksonville Beach, holds a food stamp card.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 The Florida Times-Union


                              249 of 998 DOCUMENTS



            The Daily Mercury and Rural Weekly (Mackay, Queensland)

                            March 25, 2010 Thursday

Tempers flare as hundreds seek help

BYLINE:  Melissa Grant

SECTION: Pg. 4

LENGTH: 654  words


TEMPERS were rising outside Beaconsfield's Church of Christ yesterday as
hundreds queued for emergency assistance payments.

Some people had driven more than 100 kilometres only to be told to come back
tomorrow, while others were refused assistance because they didn't meet the
criteria.

Some - including pensioners and single parents - said they were in desperate
need of financial help, while others joined the queue just to see what they
could get.

One couple was told not to bother to line-up after telling Community Services
workers they had an annual income of $130,000.

Department of Communities North Queensland regional director Peter Ryan
emphasised the payments were only available to those who were genuinely
struggling.

"It's not a universal payment - it's a hardship payment," he said.

"It's about hardship and helping people out because they can't meet the
immediate needs themselves."

The demand experienced at the disaster recovery centre on Beaconsfield Road
prompted Community Services to set-up another centre at the MECC yesterday
afternoon.

Mr Ryan said that more than 700 people had streamed through the Beaconsfield
centre since it opened its doors.

However, Mackay pensioner Herbert Ilsley feared some people would take advantage
of the system.

"I hope that no-one cashes in on the under-privileged," he said.

Mr Ilsley suffered a stroke in December and had only just got back on his feet
again when Ului hit. He said he would have a hard time replacing $300 of food
lost in the disaster unless he received financial assistance.

"All my money went on that (stroke) to get me well again - now this has happened
and I have no money to fall back on," he said.

Best friends Jodie Bugeja and Bev Watego drove all the way from Marian yesterday
to see if they could get financial help - but were told they would have to wait.

"We waited in line and grabbed a ticket to come back at 11am and there could be
a four-hour wait," Ms Bugeja said.

Ms Watego said her husband was a builder but work had been scarce because of the
rain and she now had to re-stock her fridge and freezer.

"We had to use the rent money this week to buy my kids' lunches because we have
no food," she said.

Roslyn Nicholson, of Walkerston, and her partner have been surviving off
disability pensions after a car crash two years ago and could not afford a
disaster like Ului.

She said her family was living off tinned food after losing $500 worth of frozen
and refrigerated products.

"We had no power for two days, no water, no nothing," she said.

Emergency assistance grants are available for those who can not meet basic
costs. This payment is not means tested. However, other grants are subject to
income and assets tests.

People have been urged to call 1800 173 349 to make a claim.

Recovery centres are also located at the Barrier Reef TAFE in Cannonvale and the
Proserpine Community Centre. All four centres operate from 9am to 4.30pm.

Those visiting centres must have a drivers licence or ID card; Medicare card and
a recent rates notice or electricity account showing their address.

Who can get what

· Emergency Assistance Grant: Once-off payment of $170 a person, up to a maximum
of $780 for family of five or more. It is available to those who can not meet
immediate, unexpected basic costs for food, clothing, medical supplies or
accommodation and is not means tested.

· Essential Household Contents/Structural Assistance Grant: Once-off payment of
$1660 an adult or up to $4980 a family and applicants need to satisfy income and
asset tests.

May be available to people who own essential house - hold contents that have
been lost or damaged in the disaster and who do not have contents insurance.

· Structural Assistance Grant: Once-off payment of up to $10,250 a person and up
to $13,800 a family. It is available to property owners whose homes have been
damaged. Income and asset tests apply.

For more guidelines visit: www.communityservices.qld.gov.au

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MDM


                    Copyright 2010 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              250 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Greeley Tribune (Colorado)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 10, 2006 Sunday

Ag notebook

BYLINE: Bill Jackson, Greeley Tribune, Colo.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 874 words


Sep. 10----  LIVESTOCK ASSISTANCE ... Colorado is eligible for $1.17 million of
the $50 million Livestock Assistance Grant Program, designed to help livestock
producers partially recover forage production losses due to drought conditions
during 2006. State governments will be responsible for conducting sign-ups and
issuing payments to producers and will announce program details. The Farm
Service Agency of USDA will not be involved in the program. For information,
call the Colorado Department of Agriculture, (303) 239-4103.

--  WATER SESSION ... R. H. Hergert and many sponsors will host the Fall 2006
conference on "Strategies for Milk Profits and Water for Colorado 2007 and
Beyond" Sept. 27 at the Eaton Country Club.The morning sessions runs form 8:45
a.m.-1:15 p.m. Sponsors include Addiseo, Agland Inc., Animal Feed Tech/Lextron,
Arm & Hammer/Church & Dwight Co., Balchem Co., BioZyme, Inc., Diamond V, Elanco,
H. J. Baker Products, Min-Ad, Inc., Monsanto/Dekalb Co., and Prince Agri
Products, Inc. Some of the speakers include Elliott Block from the Arm & Hammer
Division of Church & Swight Co.; Dan Luchinni, of Adisseo; and Larry Chase from
Cornell University.The panel on water includes Don Ament, Colorado Commissioner
of Agriculture, Alan Berryman of the Northern Colorado Water Conservancy
District, David Little of the Denver Water Department and Rick Brown from the
Colorado Water Conservation Board.

The charge for early registration, which includes lunch, is $60 per person and
$30 for students if registration with payment is received on or before Sept. 23.
Late registration is $75 and a meal is not guaranteed.

For more information contact Rich Hergert of Hergert Nutritional Services, LLC
at 396-8971 or www.milkprofits.com.

--  AID REQUESTED ... U.S. Sen. Ken Salazar, D-Colo., has sent a letter to the
United States Department of Agriculture's Risk Management Agency Administrator
Eldon Gould urging him to act swiftly to help Colorado farmers who had their
water wells shut off this year.The agency will visit Colorado on Tuesday to meet
with the Commissioner of Agriculture, the State Engineer, the Central Colorado
Water Conservancy District and several affected producers. The meeting could
determine whether farmers affected by the water well shut-down will receive full
crop insurance benefits for their losses.

--  EXPORT BIDS ... Cooperatives Working Together has accepted three export
assistance bid for the sale of cheese. The bids are from Dairy Farmers of
America of Kansas City, Mo. for 158,400 pounds of Monterey Jack cheese to Japan
and from Land O'Lakes of Arden Hills, Minn. for 558,800 pounds of Mozzarella
cheese to Saudi Arabia, and for 88,000 pounds of Cheddar cheese to South Korea.

--  ANGUS NETWORK ... The Angus Network, based in Montana, has launched a new
Web site -- www.TheAngusNetwork.com -- designed to assist Angus breeders with
additional marketing and purchasing options.It will allow breeders to list and
sell semen, embryos, live cattle and pregnancies from the convenience of their
own home. The Web site was built and designed by AgTown Technologies of Greeley.

--  INSURANCE DEADLINE ... Across the country, Oct. 2 is the deadline for
signing up for federally subsidized crop insurance on many fal-planted crops.
Those crops will be monitored using USDA's aerial photography map of America's
farms and through computerized data mining efforts.Through the summer, small
planes have been creating the photographic inventory that will allow USDA to
monitor the activity in every farm field in the country. Some of that monitoring
will include checking for possible fraud in the crop insurance program. Among
the most common fall-planted crops with the deadline are alfalfa seed, canola,
cultivated wild rice, mint, potatoes, rangeland, rye, sugarcane winter wheat,
barley, oats and forage production.

--  DROUGHT ASSISTANCE ... Farmers and ranchers in Colorado and across the
nation have suffered back-to-back years of devastating losses as a result of
ongoing drought conditions and higher input costs, such as fuel and
fertilizer.In response, a bipartisan group of senators, including Sen. Ken
Salazar, D-Colo., have introduced legislation to provide immediate emergency
relief to America's suffering rural communities. "After spending the last month
hearing from Colorado's farmers, ranchers and rural communities during listening
sessions around the state, the message was clear: the need for emergency relief
is more pressing than ever," Salazar said. "Washington must act now to prevent
these communities from withering on the vine, and I'm proud to continue to help
lead this renewed push for immediate emergency disaster assistance."

Submissions for the Ag Notebook should be sent to Bill Jackson,
bjackson@greeleytribune.com, |392-4442 or to Sharon Dunn,
sdunn@greeleytribune.com,392-4439. Deadline is 4 p.m. Wednesdays. Any submission
after that time will run the following week.

Copyright (c) 2006, Greeley Tribune, Colo. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune
Business News. For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call
800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The
Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20060910-GY-0910-Ag-notebook

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GY


                         Copyright 2006 Greeley Tribune


                              251 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                            February 20, 2015 Friday

Japan provides Rs.36 million for social uplift projects

LENGTH: 231  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


The Japanese Government has provided
financial assistance worth Rs.36 million to four NGOs for social
development projects in different parts of the country.


      The NGOs namely Ameer Begum Welfare Trust, Al-Mujtaba
Development Network, Community Development and Anti TB Program and
Obaid Noor Welfare Association.
      The financial support would be spent on implementation of
social development projects in disadvantaged areas of the country.
      In this regard, an agreement has been signed between Japanese
Ambassador to Pakistan, Hiroshi Inomata and heads of the four NGOs
here.
      According to detail, Ameer Begum Welfare Trust will utilize
its grant for the installation of six water filter plants in rural
areas of District Okara that are suffering from a high prevalence
water borne disease due to the unavailability of safe drinking
water.
      The grant to Al-Mujtaba Development Network will be used for
the improvement of the water supply and sanitation system in a
remote part of District Muzaffarabad.
      The grant to Community Development and Anti TB Program on the
other hand will enable the construction of a village road in
District Narowal, in order to enhance community accessibility of
facilities in the town centre.
      The grant to Obaid Noor Welfare Association will result in the
construction of a maternity and emergency hospital in a neglected
part of District Mianwali.

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              252 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           November 28, 2015 Saturday

Heating assistance available for Miami Valley residents;
Nonprofit helps enroll those in need in a variety of programs.;
NEW DETAILS

BYLINE: By Lauren Stephenson

SECTION: ; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 674 words


Several programs are available to help residents who need assistance paying
utility bills during the winter months.

Locally, the Community Action Partnership of the Greater Dayton Area, a
nonprofit organization, helps enroll residents in a variety of social service
programs. CAP provides assistance to homeowners in Darke, Greene, Preble and
Montgomery counties. The agency's home weatherization program also serves
residents in Mercer, Auglaize and Butler counties

Additionally, the city of Kettering has a homeowners loan program that can help
its residents during emergencies.

"In 2014, in our entire service area, which is multiple counties, we had about
1,300 customers for the home weatherization program, and about 10,000 customers
for our utility assistance programs which includes not only the winter program,
but also the emergency summer crisis program assistance," said John Bennett,
director of communications and public relations for CAP.

The federally funded home weatherization program provides no-cost weatherization
services to eligible households based on income.

"That goes to homes in the community and weatherizes them, makes them more
energy efficient, warmer, cooler in the summer," Bennett said.

The program is available to Ohioans with a household income at or below 150
percent of the federal poverty level. It allows people to pay a certain
percentage of their gross income towards their bill, as opposed to the full
bill, according to Ohio Development Services Agency.

CAP, like many community action agencies, offers a Winter Crisis Program. The
program provides assistance to low-income households that have been
disconnected, face disconnection or have less than a 10-day supply of bulk fuel,
according to ODSA. Assistance is available once per heating season to that
customer.

It's part of the federally funded Home Energy Assistance Program (HEAP) which is
a one-time payment to most regulated utility company customers that are at or
below 175 percent of the federal poverty level.

Tierra Rolland of Dayton enrolled in the home weatherization program and utility
assistance programs with CAP's help. She said she noticed a 20 percent drop in
her heating bill after getting her home weatherized.

"No matter how much money you make, it seems like it's never enough," Rolland
said.

Rolland, who is the mother of two and guardian of two other children, said she
has twice had her utilities shut off. She said it is a struggle to pay her
heating bills, even though she works as a state tested nursing assistant. The
Percentage of Income Payment Plan (PIPP) Plus allows her to pay her bills.

"You may use a lot of gas or a lot of electric, but you don't pay as much and
they help so that you can still afford your bills and not be in the dark," she
said.

People in need of energy assistance can also look to their cities.

Rolland said she's grateful for the assistance programs available in the Miami
Valley and said she urges others to get assistance.

The city of Kettering offers an emergency grant and loan program for low income
homeowners in the city to make emergency repairs. It receives its funding
through the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development.

"The grant is available for people that make - a family of four that would make
under $35,000 and we could get them a free furnace if their furnace goes out,"
said Angela Brown, Kettering's community development coordinator.

Another grant is available to homeowners with a higher income threshold - under
$50,000 for a family of four - and can be used for repairs like replacing a hot
water heater or patching a hole in the roof, Brown said.

"People seem to really love it because we not only help loan the money for it,
we manage the program as well. So they have kind of a city liaison that works
with the contractor," Brown added.

Brown said her office has already provided five emergency repair grants so far
this season.

"As it gets colder, we're starting to get more calls," she said.

Contact this reporter at 937-225-7381 or email Lauren. Stephenson@coxinc.com

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              253 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 15, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: Federal Disaster Aid to Local Governments Helping Rebuild Arkansas
Communities

LENGTH: 390 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Federal Emergency Management Agency has issued the following news
release:



 Federal officials today estimated more than $11.7 million in disaster
assistance will help fund local governments' recovery from this winter's severe
storms and flooding.





 That funding is in addition to more than $2 million in federal disaster
assistance to date that has helped individuals, families and businesses repair
property and replace essential household items.



 When disaster strikes, the first response is to ensure personal and family
safety and then address the loss of property and possessions. The federal
Individual Assistance program and U.S. Small Business Administration respond to
these urgent needs of individuals and business owners.



 Public Assistance is another essential element of disaster response. The PA
program benefits everyone - neighborhoods, cities and states, as well as certain
private nonprofit organizations.



 PA dollars:



     clean up the community and repair roads and bridges

     put water systems and utilities back in order

     repair hospitals and emergency services

     rebuild libraries and replace damaged books

     rebuild schools and universities and

     restore damaged public parks so families can enjoy them again.



 PA provides a minimum of 75 percent of the cost to repair or replace
disaster-damaged infrastructure.



  "Public Assistance grants support the work that helps an entire community
recover," said FEMA's Federal Coordinating Officer John Long. "These are federal
tax dollars coming back to Arkansas to rebuild taxpayer-funded infrastructure."



 Public Assistance grant recipients can include:



     state agencies

     local and county governments

     private nonprofit organizations that own or operate facilities that provide
essential government-type services



 Recovery officials are currently working with more than 88 applicants to
develop specifications and costs for about 310 projects in the 32 counties
eligible for disaster assistance.



 Other assistance helping to fuel the Arkansas recovery has come in the form of
low-interest loans from the U.S. Small Business Administration and claims
payments to households covered by the National Flood Insurance Program.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              254 of 998 DOCUMENTS



           Hart County's Newspaper News-Herald (Horse Cave, Kentucky)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 March 13, 2014

Bonnieville Swears in New Council member;
VOTES TO INCREASE WATER FEES

BYLINE: Hart Countys News-Herald staff

LENGTH: 675  words


Mozella Hornback was sworn in to fill the vacant seat on the Bonnieville City
Council Monday night at the council's rescheduled meeting. Hornback was one of
several who applied to Governor Bes-hear's office to fill the vacancy left when
Kim-my Cook resigned last April. Hornback's official appointment came from the
Governor's office last Friday. Water rates to increase

The Council, following the recommendations from the Budge and Administration
Committee, chaired by Council member Fran Bowsher, voted to raise water rates in
a two step process. The basic water rate for Bonnieville water customers has
been $16.15 since 2005. The Council voted to raise the rate to $17.75 beginning
July 1 of 2014 and to $18.75 in July of 2015.

Bowsher pointed out that Green River Valley Water (GRVWD) raised their rates in
both 2009 and 2010 and that Bonnieville city had absorbed those rate increases.
The Budget committee also recommends that flat rates for services like setting
meters, cutting off water, restoring water after a cut-off, also be increased
although no price schedule was discussed at Monday's meeting.

The rate increase will allow Bonnieville Water Company to pay off their loan to
GRVWD for previous water leaks and to begin to build an emergency fund to take
care of future problems that may arise.

Bowsher pointed out that Elizabethtown was also increasing their water rates. (

Application for Housing Assistance program

The Council authorized Tad Long and Bobbie Bryant with the Kentucky League of
Cities to sign and move forward with an application to a Kentucky Housing
Corporation program which will enable Bonnieville homeowners who meet the
criteria to apply for grant funding for home rehabilitation projects.

The program is intended to help low income, elderly, disabled and minority home
owners within the city limits to upgrade their existing residence with projects
ranging from $100 to $30,000.

Long and Bryant will submit the requisite paperwork to Kentucky Housing
Corporation for Bonnieville to participate in the program. Once approved for the
program, eligible homeowners will be encouraged to submit applications for home
repair projects.

Computer back-up contract

The Council voted to contract with Kentucky Computer Support Specialists, run by
Aaron Jag-gers, for backing up the city's data. Fran Bowsher reported that the
city of Munfordville uses Jagger's service and pays about $5 a month for data
backup and storage. Bowsher thought backups were performed every fifteen minutes
to half hour--frequently enough that there would be little risk that Bonnieville
Water Company would lose important data. City litter cleanups scheduled

Council member Sherman Bowman has selected April 25 or 26 and October 24 or 25
as street cleanup days to fulfill the city's Litter Abatement grant obligation.
Council members and volunteers will travel the city's streets and pick up
litter. The city was granted a little over $200 to pay for supplies needed for
the cleanups.

The city is also looking for volunteers to assist with maintaining the garden
behind city hall. Contact Council member Wanda Gregory with offers of assistance
. Miscellaneous business

New carpeting has been installed at City Hall. Fran Bowsher encouraged citizens
to sign up for the CodeRED emergency notification program by going to the
county's website or by calling Judge Executive Terry Martin's office. Sherman
Bowman announced that HB 331 which does away with classifications of city based
on size could hit the House floor soon for a vote. Bowman said that doing away
with the classifications could give smaller cities greater access to funding
possibilities.

Kentucky League of Cities will be updating Hart County's Comprehensive Land Use
Plan. First written thirty five years ago, the plan lays out the direction for
growth for the county. As part of the process, Tad Long and Bobbie Bryant will
help Hart County create a strategic plan for the county addressing
environmental, community facilities and economic development, among other
aspects of community growth.

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Community

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HCN

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
               Copyright 2014 Hart County's Newspaper News-Herald


                              255 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                             July 17, 1994, Sunday

THE FLOOD OF '94: THE ROAD TO RECOVERY THE COST: IN THE END, WE ALL PAY Federal
relief doesn't come free, victims find

BYLINE: By Ken Foskett STAFF WRITERreports; atlanta/journal/constitution;
disasters; business; economy; georgia; housing; agriculture; government; aid;
costs; finances

SECTION: STATE NEWS; Section E; Page 12

LENGTH: 1783 words


Costs to mount for years: But many grants for rebuilding must be matched by the
state or local governments and expenses not covered at all will have to be
absorbed by government treasuries or passed on to taxpayers.

Maffett's department store has been an anchor in Montezuma since 1977, selling
clothes and gifts to Macon County families in the tradition of a small,
family-run business.

Last week, after the Flint River put the store and three dozen others
underwater, what was left of Maffett's inventory lay scattered on the muddy
street: hundreds of shoes painted brown by the flood waters and racks of
clothing smelling strongly of the river.

Inside, Jack Maffett, the store's third-generation owner, leaned against a
squeegee in the gutted building and contemplated his fate after learning that an
8 percent loan was the best the federal government could do right now to make
him whole again.

"I always thought when they declared a disaster area, that was a lot of help,"
said Maffett, the same day President Clinton announced a $ 65 million aid
package for Georgia, Florida and Alabama. "It is for homeowners, but it's zero
for business owners."

Up and down the Flint and Ocmulgee rivers, business owners like Maffett,
homeowners and government officials are calculating their financial losses and
coping with the next phase of the disaster: how to pay for the damage.

They are learning that the federal relief, while significant, doesn't come free.
Many of the federal grants must be matched by the state or local governments.
Some expenses aren't covered at all and will have to be absorbed by government
treasuries or passed on to taxpayers.

"These programs in most cases are not designed to replace everything that these
folks lost," said Jerry L. Ostendorf, Emergency Management Bureau chief for Iowa
and the veteran of six floods since 1990. "They are designed to help people get
back on their feet. . . . But the bottom line is that people are not going to be
made whole."

Georgia confronts the rebuilding task with at least one piece of good news: a $
220 million budget reserve that will soften the flood's initial blow. But
veterans of disasters in Florida, Iowa and Illinois warn that indirect costs
will continue to mount for years to come.

Florida estimates it will be paying for the damage caused by Hurricane Andrew in
1992 for the next ten years.

Georgia officials say they won't have even preliminary damage estimates for
another two weeks. Those calculations will likely include only the immediate
cost of the clean up and the repair to roads and bridges.

The long-term damage to the state's economy and business environment, by the
flood losses in an area that has seen less economic growth than elsewhere, may
take many months to fully evaluate.

How, how not to share costs

In the coming weeks and months, policy-makers will make a number of key
decisions about how - or how not to - share the costs. They will also decide how
much state spending priorities will need to be shifted to help flood-ravaged
communities and pay for damage not covered by the federal government.

Local leaders and the state officials will be grappling with the side effects of
the disaster in ways they never imagined. "The costs ripple through your
system," said David Coburn, Florida's budget director.

In three budgets since Hurricane Andrew ripped through South Florida, state
officials have spent $ 82 million to match federal relief funds and nearly $ 600
million on hurricane recovery projects independent of the federal assistance.

Much of Florida's expense has gone to replace tax revenues that were lost when
homes and businesses were literally blown off the tax rolls, according to
Coburn.

While it's impossible now to estimate the economic impact on Georgia, the state
already knows the floods damaged more than a thousand homes and hundreds of
businesses.

"There is a certain level of business that is not going to come back," said
Coburn. "Once they are wiped out it's just not worth it to them. They will take
their insurance check and just walk. And when they walk, all those jobs walk
too."

How state officials move to help business owners such as Maffett in Montezuma,
and others like him in the 43-county disaster area, will determine the outcome
of the recovery in Georgia.

Maffett, for example, says he won't take the federal government's 8 percent
loan.

"In a small town, the return on investment is just not that big. It's hard
enough as it is," he said. "I will sell off whatever I can and close the door."

The departure of people like Maffett from Montezuma could lead other businesses
to follow suit, leaving downtown an empty shell. City officials will find no
federal relief program to replace the lost tax revenues if those businesses
don't reopen.

"We're looking at what can be done," said Gov. Zell Miller. "I understand that
is a very big problem."

In Florida, legislators set up a small-business loan program to entice owners to
rebuild while waiting out the lengthy process of applying for disaster loans
through the Small Business Administration. In Georgia's case, because the
stricken area is largely rural, there may be different answers needed.

Georgia officials say it is still too early to tell what kind of special relief
the state might offer without knowing the final price tag on the damage.

City and county governments are also facing a slew of costs from the flood that
may or may not be reimbursed by the federal government.

Governments can apply to the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA), which
coordinates disaster relief, for grants to replace destroyed or damaged public
infrastructure.

Local governments must pick up, however, 25 percent of the costs. State
officials initially said it would be weeks before they decide whether to assume
that 25 percent match entirely or share it with cities and counties in
flood-damaged areas, but Miller has said the state will pick up the tab.

"It's very clear to me that the state is in much better shape to deal with that
25 percent than these local communities are," Miller said. The governor also
said the state would not raise taxes to cope with the disaster.

"We'll get it all done," he said. "We're in good fiscal shape."

Georgia citizens beyond the flood zones, however, could face extra costs as a
result of the damage. In Florida, for example, homeowner insurance policies
increased an average of 30 percent as insurance companies sought to recoup their
losses from Hurricane Andrew. Because the flooding in Georgia was so unusual,
that may not be the case here.

Even if the state matches the federal relief money, there are some flood costs
that local governments will never recover.

In Macon, for example, the city and county's water plant has been shut down for
10 days and may not re-open until late this week. Two of the county's sewage
plants were also closed during the worst of the flooding.

The water and sewer plants generate $ 1.7 million a month in fees, much of which
won't be charged or collected for July.

"You have to eat that," said Gene Holcomb, executive director of the Macon Water
Authority.

Holcomb says he thinks the water authority can get through the flood without a
rate increase and make payments on its revenue bonds, but he says that the
authority may be forced to re-issue $ 20 million worth of bonds in 1998.

Personnel costs 'tremendous'

Money on hand now that was intended to expand other parts of the water system
will instead be used to cover flood losses, he says, forcing the authority - and
the rate payers - to assume debt that they had not planned to.

In the meantime, "we just have to not do some of the projects we wanted to," he
said.

At City Hall, officials are beginning to worry about how they will pay the
overtime costs of the hundreds of city employees that have worked double,
sometimes triple, shifts to coordinate the relief effort.

FEMA will pay overtime, but the expenses must be carefully documented. Macon now
has four employees assigned exclusively to ensuring that they have the paperwork
in hand that FEMA needs.

"The personnel costs alone during that initial period of emergency are
tremendous," says Gary Sparks, flood coordinator for Quincy, Ill., where
Mississippi floods caused extensive damage last year. "Very few communities have
that kind of cash flow to sustain something like that."

Macon officials were relieved to learn that the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers
will pay the full cost of rebuilding the city's earthen levee, which lost a 300
foot section to the floods.

But the construction will not begin until the fall and the city wants to erect a
temporary dike to ensure that the city isn't flooded again in the meantime.

City officials aren't sure if FEMA will pay for the cost of the temporary
structure. There is no time to get advance approval. Officials will submit the
bills and hope for the best.

Officials may not even yet realize some of the biggest expenses, according to
veterans of other natural disasters.

In Quincy, the floods destroyed the city's sewer system. FEMA offered to pay for
the replacement costs, but the system was old and officials realized that it
would be more prudent to re-route a piece of the system.

The city picked the cost of the rerouting, Sparks said.

"As time goes on, your public works people are going to find things that you
weren't aware of," he said.

Macon Mayor Tommy Olmstead said he believes that the city can absorb the extra
expense without raising taxes, but the city's problems are going to be
compounded by lost revenue.

Without water for 10 days, many of the city's hotels and motels have closed or
are putting up few guests, meaning hotel and motel taxes are going to be down in
July. Sales tax revenue will also likely be off. And police officers haven't
been writing traffic tickets because they have been reassigned to flood duties.

"That's what concerns me - all these unseen expenses," said Olmstead. "I don't
know how much we will be able to catch up."

Despite the uncertain future, the state does have one positive dynamic working
in its favor.

The strong economy in the past two years has enabled revenue officials to build
up the state's shortfall reserve account to about $ 220 million. Four years ago,
the account, appropriately called the "rainy day reserve," was empty because of
the recession.

The reserve fund, combined with unspent money from the fiscal year that ended
June 30, will give state officials some cushion before they are forced to
re-allocate resources.

"We are fortunate," said budget director Hank Huckaby. "Those funds will be
available for a fall-back position."

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH942020596

GRAPHIC: Photo: Gov. Zell Miller chats with President Clinton during the
president's visit to South Georgia on Wednesday. / RICK McKAY / Washington
Bureau Photo: Members of the Vienna Volunteer Fire Department load boxes of
bottled drinking water bound for Dooley County. / CURTIS COMPTON / Staff Chart:
Loans and grants available Here's a partial list of assistance flood victims can
get through the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA): Disaster housing
assistance. For anyone whose residence has been destroyed, FEMA may provide
money to obtain rental housing or to make essential repairs. This may be a
combination of grants and loans. Individual and family grants. Grants of up to $
12,200 may be available to repair or replace a home, clothing, furnishings or
vehicles; or pay for disaster-related burial and funeral costs, and medical and
dental expenses. If a grant is awarded, the money does not have to be repaid.
The funds, administered by the state, are split 75 percent by FEMA and 25
percent by the state. Home/personal property disaster loans. Small Business
Administration low-interest loans (either 3.625 or 7.125 percent) are available
to homeowners and renters for restoring and replacing damaged real estate and
personal property. The maximum repayment period is 30 years, but will vary by
case, SBA officials say. Maximum is $ 200,000 for real estate and $ 40,000 for
personal property per household. Disaster unemployment assistance. Weekly
benefit payments can be provided to those out of work, including the
self-employed and farm workers. Benefits can be collected for up to 26 weeks and
the maximum weekly amount is $ 195. Business disaster loans. The Small Business
Administration offers loans (at either 4 percent or 7.125 percent) of up to $
1.5 million to repair or replace destroyed or damaged businesses, inventory or
equipment. Again, the maximum repayment period is 30 years, but will vary from
case-to-case. Housing loans/grants. The Farmers Home Administration can make
loans to damaged residences. Grants of up to $ 5,000 are available to applicants
62 and older with low incomes. Farm assistance. The Farmers Home Administration
may make emergency loans to farmers and ranchers who were operating and managing
a farm or ranch at the time of the flooding. EXPENSES THAT FEMA WON'T COVER:
Vacation homes Outdoor decks, patio furniture, fences and other household items
that would not be considered essential to make a damaged home "safe, sanitary
and secure." Lost tax revenue or public utility receipts caused by flooding.
Undocumented expenses may not be reimbursed to local governments for
infrastructure repairs and disaster relief. Infrastructure expenses beyond
straight replacement value. Governments that seek to enhance damaged
infrastructure must pay the additional costs of the enhancements. Business
owners are not eligible for outright grants; they must seek loans. ASSISTANCE
ALREADY PROMISED TO GEORGIA: $ 11.6 million from FEMA to help in the relief
effort, ranging from cleaning up debris to paying for sandbags and providing
emergency water, food and shelter. Of this, $ 9.6 million would be for Georgia,
$ 1 million for Florida and $ 1 million for Alabama. $ 17.5 million in emergency
federal money to rebuild highways. Of this, $ 10 million would go to Georgia and
$ 2.5 million to Alabama. $ 38 million in temporary loans to public housing
authorities to rehabilitate homes damaged by floods. There would also be up to $
100 million in loans from existing Housing and Urban Development programs for
communities. There is no state-by-state breakdown available. $ 4 million in Job
Training Partnership Grants to pay workers, dislocated by the floods, to help in
the cleanup. The total amount is allocated for Georgia.

                    Copyright 1994 The Atlanta Constitution


                              256 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 21, 2016 Thursday

Idaho: Bennet, Crapo, Tester, Risch Introduce Bill to Provide Resources for Fire
Mitigation Work

LENGTH: 1087  words

DATELINE: New York



 Boise: The Senate Office of James e. Risch of Idaho has issued the following
news release:



 Today, Colorado U.S. Senator Michael Bennet, Senator Mike Crapo (R-ID), Senator
Jon Tester (D-MT), and Senator Jim Risch (R-ID) introduced The Wildfire
Mitigation Assistance Act to provide more funding to mitigate the effects of
wildfires and prevent future fires. The bill treats wildfires in the same manner
as other natural disasters by allowing Hazard Mitigation Assistance funding to
be provided to states affected by catastrophic wildfires that have received Fire
Management Assistance Grants (FMAG).





 Currently, hazard mitigation funding to lessen the effects of a future disaster
can only be provided to states after the President declares a major disaster.
However, unlike in the case of hurricanes, floods, or tornados, most wildfires
do not receive a major disaster declaration. Instead, wildfires are paid for
using FMAG funding and do not receive funding for mitigation efforts to prevent
the next wildfire. Wildfire mitigation efforts are proven to reduce the costs
and long-term effects of wildfires on communities, properties, and watersheds.



 "Throughout the west, we have seen an increase in wildfires like the ones
burning across Colorado right now that are destroying property and habitats and
resulting in the tragic loss of life," Bennet said. "We can dramatically reduce
the severity and damage caused by fires through mitigation work. For every
dollar we spend on mitigation efforts like reducing fuel loads, there is an
average savings of four dollars in recovery spending. Our bill will treat fires
like other natural disasters by providing post-fire mitigation funding to
affected communities."



 "The Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA)spends a good deal of money
every year helping communities at risk of natural disasters prepare for
disasters such as flood preparation for hurricanes or modification to houses in
Tornado Alley," said Crapo. "However, FEMA spends very little money assisting
communities at risk of being impacted by wildfires. Our legislation would
address that disparity by allowing fire-prone communities apply for Hazard
Mitigation grants to undertake 'fire-wise' projects for homes in the wildland
urban interface or reduce hazardous fuels."



 "We have seen the catastrophic impacts of wildfires across Montana and the west
and we must do more to prevent them and reduce their devastation," Tester said.
"We know that a wildfire doesn't end when the flames stop burning. This bill
will provide additional resources to restore land after a wildfire sweeps
through, preventing future disasters."



 "Although many of my eastern colleagues do not fully appreciate the situation,
wildfires continue to wreak havoc in the western part of our country and this
continuing threat is very real," said Risch. "The Wildfire Mitigation Assistance
Act will be a longer-lasting, positive solution to the ever-increasing need for
funds to prevent and battle fires."



 "Wildfires threaten the health and safety of communities, contaminate waters,
damage wildlife habitats and impact county economies by reducing opportunities
for jobs and tourism on the land," said National Association of Counties (NACo)
President and El Paso County Commissioner Sallie Clark. "The Wildfire Mitigation
Assistance Act leverages federal, state and local resources to address the
factors that most directly contribute to catastrophic wildfires before they
happen. Counties applaud Senators Bennet, Crapo, and Tester for their leadership
and urge Congress to enact meaningful legislation to reduce wildfire risks and
associated costs for response and recovery, improve the health of federal
forests and ensure the long-term health and viability of our lands and
communities."



 "I applaud Senators Bennet, Tester and Crapo for introducing this important
legislation," said Chief Rhoda Mae Kerr, International Association of Fire
Chiefs President and Chair of the Board. "Even after the wildland fires are
extinguished, communities are still at risk for future floods and landslides.
This legislation will help states and communities mitigate that risk."



 "While we are frequently judged based on response and criticized based on
recovery, mitigation and preparedness are critical phases of emergency
management and they most often occur outside the spotlight," said President of
the U.S. Council of the International Association of Emergency Managers
President Robie Robinson. "As mitigation is the linchpin of emergency
management, expanding hazard mitigation grant funding following a Fire
Management Assistance Grant declaration will enable jurisdictions to implement
programs that will effectively reduce risks and return benefits many fold."



 The Fiscal Year 2015 Department of Homeland Security Appropriations bill
included a one-year authority to provide hazard mitigation grants following FMAG
declarations. That authority is being used to develop and implement fire
mitigation projects in nine states and one tribe that received FMAG declarations
for wildfires between March and September 2015. This bill would make that
authority permanent. This measure was originally introduced as part of the
PREPARE Act Bennet and Crapo introduced last August.



 This bill has the support of local elected officials, state and local emergency
managers, major fire service organizations, and floodplain managers. The bill is
also supported by the National Association of Counties, the International
Association of Emergency Managers, US Council, the International Association of
Fire Chiefs, the International Association of Fire Fighters, the National
Emergency Management Association, the National Fire Protection Association, the
Association of State Floodplain Managers, and the National Volunteer Fire
Council.



 The Fire Management Assistance Grant (FMAG) Program provides federal funding to
states, local governments, and tribes for firefighting and emergency protective
measures for fires on public or private forests that are considered major
disasters. Funding is currently only available for activities while the fire is
burning.



 The Hazard Mitigation Grant Program (HMGP) provides federal funding to help
communities implement measures in the wake of a Presidential major disaster
declaration to reduce long-term risk to people and property from future natural
disasters.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              257 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 26, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: Bennet, Crapo, Tester, Risch Introduce Bill to Provide Resources for
Fire Mitigation Work

LENGTH: 1085  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Jim Risch has issued the following news
release:



 Today, Colorado U.S. Senator Michael Bennet, Senator Mike Crapo (R-ID), Senator
Jon Tester (D-MT), and Senator Jim Risch (R-ID) introduced The Wildfire
Mitigation Assistance Act to provide more funding to mitigate the effects of
wildfires and prevent future fires. The bill treats wildfires in the same manner
as other natural disasters by allowing Hazard Mitigation Assistance funding to
be provided to states affected by catastrophic wildfires that have received Fire
Management Assistance Grants (FMAG).





 Currently, hazard mitigation funding to lessen the effects of a future disaster
can only be provided to states after the President declares a major disaster.
However, unlike in the case of hurricanes, floods, or tornados, most wildfires
do not receive a major disaster declaration. Instead, wildfires are paid for
using FMAG funding and do not receive funding for mitigation efforts to prevent
the next wildfire. Wildfire mitigation efforts are proven to reduce the costs
and long-term effects of wildfires on communities, properties, and watersheds.



 "Throughout the west, we have seen an increase in wildfires like the ones
burning across Colorado right now that are destroying property and habitats and
resulting in the tragic loss of life," Bennet said. "We can dramatically reduce
the severity and damage caused by fires through mitigation work. For every
dollar we spend on mitigation efforts like reducing fuel loads, there is an
average savings of four dollars in recovery spending. Our bill will treat fires
like other natural disasters by providing post-fire mitigation funding to
affected communities."



 "The Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA)spends a good deal of money
every year helping communities at risk of natural disasters prepare for
disasters such as flood preparation for hurricanes or modification to houses in
Tornado Alley," said Crapo. "However, FEMA spends very little money assisting
communities at risk of being impacted by wildfires. Our legislation would
address that disparity by allowing fire-prone communities apply for Hazard
Mitigation grants to undertake 'fire-wise' projects for homes in the wildland
urban interface or reduce hazardous fuels."



 "We have seen the catastrophic impacts of wildfires across Montana and the west
and we must do more to prevent them and reduce their devastation," Tester said.
"We know that a wildfire doesn't end when the flames stop burning. This bill
will provide additional resources to restore land after a wildfire sweeps
through, preventing future disasters."



 "Although many of my eastern colleagues do not fully appreciate the situation,
wildfires continue to wreak havoc in the western part of our country and this
continuing threat is very real," said Risch. "The Wildfire Mitigation Assistance
Act will be a longer-lasting, positive solution to the ever-increasing need for
funds to prevent and battle fires."



 "Wildfires threaten the health and safety of communities, contaminate waters,
damage wildlife habitats and impact county economies by reducing opportunities
for jobs and tourism on the land," said National Association of Counties (NACo)
President and El Paso County Commissioner Sallie Clark. "The Wildfire Mitigation
Assistance Act leverages federal, state and local resources to address the
factors that most directly contribute to catastrophic wildfires before they
happen. Counties applaud Senators Bennet, Crapo, and Tester for their leadership
and urge Congress to enact meaningful legislation to reduce wildfire risks and
associated costs for response and recovery, improve the health of federal
forests and ensure the long-term health and viability of our lands and
communities."



 "I applaud Senators Bennet, Tester and Crapo for introducing this important
legislation," said Chief Rhoda Mae Kerr, International Association of Fire
Chiefs President and Chair of the Board. "Even after the wildland fires are
extinguished, communities are still at risk for future floods and landslides.
This legislation will help states and communities mitigate that risk."



 "While we are frequently judged based on response and criticized based on
recovery, mitigation and preparedness are critical phases of emergency
management and they most often occur outside the spotlight," said President of
the U.S. Council of the International Association of Emergency Managers
President Robie Robinson. "As mitigation is the linchpin of emergency
management, expanding hazard mitigation grant funding following a Fire
Management Assistance Grant declaration will enable jurisdictions to implement
programs that will effectively reduce risks and return benefits many fold."



 The Fiscal Year 2015 Department of Homeland Security Appropriations bill
included a one-year authority to provide hazard mitigation grants following FMAG
declarations. That authority is being used to develop and implement fire
mitigation projects in nine states and one tribe that received FMAG declarations
for wildfires between March and September 2015. This bill would make that
authority permanent. This measure was originally introduced as part of the
PREPARE Act Bennet and Crapo introduced last August.



 This bill has the support of local elected officials, state and local emergency
managers, major fire service organizations, and floodplain managers. The bill is
also supported by the National Association of Counties, the International
Association of Emergency Managers, US Council, the International Association of
Fire Chiefs, the International Association of Fire Fighters, the National
Emergency Management Association, the National Fire Protection Association, the
Association of State Floodplain Managers, and the National Volunteer Fire
Council.



 The Fire Management Assistance Grant (FMAG) Program provides federal funding to
states, local governments, and tribes for firefighting and emergency protective
measures for fires on public or private forests that are considered major
disasters. Funding is currently only available for activities while the fire is
burning.



 The Hazard Mitigation Grant Program (HMGP) provides federal funding to help
communities implement measures in the wake of a Presidential major disaster
declaration to reduce long-term risk to people and property from future natural
disasters.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              258 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             March 23, 2015 Monday

BRIEF: Water company awards $1,000 to Scranton Fire Dept. for detectors

BYLINE: The Times-Tribune, Scranton, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 135 words


March 23--SCRANTON -- Pennsylvania American Water Co. has awarded the Scranton
Fire Department a $1,000 grant for the purchase of smoke and carbon monoxide
dectectors as part of the department's Save-A-Life program.

Pennsylvania American Water firefighting support grants are designed to provide
financial assistance to fire and emergency organizations serving communities in
the company's service areas.

Since launching the grant program in 2009, the company has contributed more than
$250,000 to help about 270 fire departments across the state buy emergency gear,
life-saving equipment, training materials and essential firefighting apparatus.

-- STAFF REPORT

___ (c)2015 The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pa.) Visit The Times-Tribune (Scranton,
Pa.) at thetimes-tribune.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150323-YT-BRF-Water
-company-awards-1,000-to-Scranton-Fire-Dept-for-detectors-0323-20150323

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YT


                        Copyright 2015 The Times-Tribune


                              259 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           The Orange Leader (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 10, 2011 Tuesday

Sewer service to get upgrade in West Orange

BYLINE: David Ball, The Orange Leader, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 451 words


May 10--WEST ORANGE -- Residents in some homes in West Orange will soon see
replacements to  the houses' sewer service lines thanks to an amendment to a
block grant program.

Low to moderate income households were approved to have the upgrades after
Monday's meeting held by the West Orange City Council who approved the change to
its 2009 Texas Community Development Block Grant Program.

The city considered the proposed amendment to the program with the Texas
Department of Rural Affairs to include assisting Orange County Water Control and
Improvement District No. 2 in making improvements to the District's Water Well &
Water Plant No. 1.

District No. 2 is requesting an amendment to allow the use of grant funds in the
modifications at the District's existing Water Well & Water Plane No. 1, located
in the 1900 block of Austin Avenue, due to the low number of households which
requested the assistance.

The Council proclaimed the week of May 22-28 as "Hurricane Preparedness Week" in
the city. The proclamation stated Texas hurricane season officially begins June
1 and ends November 30.

Both public and private entities should develop emergency response and recovery
plans in accordance with local jurisdictions and local emergency management
offices.

"I, Roy McDonald, Mayor of the city of West Orange, Texas do hereby urge all
citizens of this community to participate in hurricane preparedness activities,
and to pay close attention to watch and warning instructions," the proclamation
concluded.

City Manager Michael Stelly said the city's spring cleanup campaign held last
weekend was a big success with 168 cubic feet of debris disposed of. He added
the roll-off dumpsters on site hold a maximum of 30 cubic feet of debris.

Metal trash was further separated and sold to raise money.

McDonald said he appreciated everyone who participated in the cleanup and
they'll do another one next year.

The Council granted resident Paula Wyatt a temporary variance to the RV
ordinances. She will live in an RV on her property with a July 1 deadline while
her house is being built at this location.

The Council also granted permission to the Orange County Mosquito Control
District aircraft to fly at low altitudes over the city of West Orange for
mosquito abatement purposes.

Councilman Dale Dardeau said he was ready for the spraying because "The
mosquitos are about to carry me off."

To see more of The Orange Leader or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://orangeleader.com. Copyright (c) 2011, The Orange Leader, Texas
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110510-XY-Sewer-service-to-get-upgrade-in-West-Orange-0510-20110510

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: XY


                        Copyright 2011 The Orange Leader


                              260 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Nyngan Observer

                                January 14, 2015

Millions more to help farmers doing it tough

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 371  words


The NSW government will support the state's most drought-affected farmers with
an additional $20 million under the Emergency Water Infrastructure Rebate
scheme.

While meeting with drought-affected landholders in Walgett in the State's North
West, NSW Acting Premier Troy Grant said the funding would be targeted at the
producers most impacted by drought.

'Some of our farmers are experiencing extreme drought conditions and are in need
of crucial financial assistance to help them cope,' Mr Grant said.

'By allocating additional funding, we will ensure producers can continue running
their businesses and local contractors receive a much needed boost.

'The Emergency Water Infrastructure Rebate is a great scheme as it not only
helps producers in drought increase available water for livestock, but enables
them to better secure water into the future.'

Minister for Primary Industries Katrina Hodgkinson said the NSW government's $20
million boost included a number of key changes since the last scheme.

'Eligibility will be assessed based on one-in-50-year rainfall deficiency or
greater, down to the farm level rather than the LGA level,' Ms Hodgkinson said.

'With the average claim for the last round approximately $14,000, the cap for
this round has been set at $20,000.

'Where producers cannot access groundwater to install infrastructure such as
pipelines, bores, tanks and troughs, they can now claim for de-silting works.'

Minister for Western NSW Kevin Humphries said many communities in Western NSW
were struggling to hold on to the very little water they had and required
additional storage containers when rain events finally occurred.

'Take up of the scheme in the previous round shows how effective the rebates
have been, particularly in the North West,' Mr Humphries said.

The NSW Government's Emergency Water Infrastructure Rebate will close on June
30, 2015, or when the $20 million in funding is fully allocated. Applicants must
seek pre-approval from the NSW Rural Assistance Authority prior to the
commencement of any on-farm works.

The scheme assists farmers to become more drought resilient, while providing
water for emergency animal welfare requirements. For more information, or to
apply, visit: www.raa.nsw.gov.au

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2015 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              261 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 1, 2014 Friday

Michigan: Northern Michigan Deep Freeze Damage Short of Federal Threshold
Affected jurisdictions eligible for Community Development Block Grants to repair
damaged infrastructure

LENGTH: 485  words

DATELINE: Lansing


Michigan State Police, The State of Michigan has issued the following news
release:

The Michigan State Police, Emergency Management and Homeland Security Division
(MSP/EMHSD) was notified that northern Michigan communities affected by the deep
freeze last winter did not meet the threshold for consideration of a
presidential disaster declaration.

At the request of the MSP/EMHSD, the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA)
conducted a virtual damage assessment to review the damages reported by local
jurisdictions. Each impacted community was asked to submit disaster-related
costs and supporting documentation--including photos, invoices and payroll
records--to demonstrate damages from the deep freeze incident.

FEMA concluded that $10.1 million in damages submitted were eligible toward the
$13.7 million statewide threshold, which is necessary before a presidential
disaster declaration can be made.

"The protection of public health and safety remains our primary concern," said
Capt. Chris A. Kelenske, Deputy State Director of Emergency Management and
Homeland Security and commander of the MSP/EMHSD. "We continue to explore all
possible options to help these communities recover and rebuild vital
infrastructure damaged from this incident."

State Assistance Provided:

The state of Michigan has been coordinating resources to assist impacted
communities throughout the deep freeze. Services provided by the state to date
include:

On July 22, the Michigan Strategic Fund (MSF) board approved a proposal by the
Michigan Economic Development Corporation (MEDC) for more than $6 million in
Community Development Block Grants (CDBG) for northern Michigan counties
affected by the extreme cold and deep freeze. These grants will enable
communities to repair damaged water and sewer mains, roads and other vital
infrastructure. Eligible jurisdictions must apply by August 18. Additional
information is available at http://www.michiganbusiness.org/urgent-need.

Since the incident began, the MSP/EMHSD's seventh and eighth district
coordinators in the northern Lower Peninsula and Upper Peninsula have been
onsite and assisting local emergency management coordinators assess and report
damages.

From May to July, the state of Michigan provided leak detection services to
Marquette and Delta counties to help identify broken water mains in affected
communities.

Governor's Declaration

On April 17, Gov. Rick Snyder declared a "state of emergency" for Marquette
County to ensure all possible state resources, in accordance with the Michigan
Emergency Management Plan, would be provided to assist the local response to the
damage caused by last winter's extremely cold temperatures and deep frost
levels. On May 7, the emergency declaration was amended to include Charlevoix,
Cheboygan, Chippewa, Delta, Emmet, Gogebic, Luce and Mackinac counties.

For further information please visit: http://www.michigan.gov/msp

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              262 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 19, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: Bennet, Crapo, Tester, Risch Introduce Bill to Provide Resources for
Fire Mitigation Work

LENGTH: 1170  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Michael Bennet, U.S Government has issued the
following news release:



 Today, Colorado U.S. Senator Michael Bennet, Senator Mike Crapo (R-ID), Senator
Jon Tester (D-MT), and Senator Jim Risch (R-ID) introduced The Wildfire
Mitigation Assistance Act to provide more funding to mitigate the effects of
wildfires and prevent future fires. The bill treats wildfires in the same manner
as other natural disasters by allowing Hazard Mitigation Assistance funding to
be provided to states affected by catastrophic wildfires that have received Fire
Management Assistance Grants (FMAG).





 Currently, hazard mitigation funding to lessen the effects of a future disaster
can only be provided to states after the President declares a major disaster.
However, unlike in the case of hurricanes, floods, or tornados, most wildfires
do not receive a major disaster declaration. Instead, wildfires are paid for
using FMAG funding and do not receive funding for mitigation efforts to prevent
the next wildfire. Wildfire mitigation efforts are proven to reduce the costs
and long-term effects of wildfires on communities, properties, and watersheds.



 Colorado's request for an FMAG declaration to combat the Cold Springs Fire
burning in Boulder County was approved on July 10th. The fire has destroyed
eight homes and is threatening many more in and around Nederland. The fire
started on July 9, 2016, and is currently burning more than 550 acres. The
Wildfire Mitigation Assistance Act would allow the state to apply for funding to
mitigate the effects of the Cold Springs Fire, reducing the risk of flooding,
erosion, and future fires in the area.



 "Throughout the west, we have seen an increase in wildfires like the ones
burning across Colorado right now that are destroying property and habitats and
resulting in the tragic loss of life," Bennet said. "We can dramatically reduce
the severity and damage caused by fires through mitigation work. For every
dollar we spend on mitigation efforts like reducing fuel loads, there is an
average savings of four dollars in recovery spending. Our bill will treat fires
like other natural disasters by providing post-fire mitigation funding to
affected communities."



 "The Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA)spends a good deal of money
every year helping communities at risk of natural disasters prepare for
disasters such as flood preparation for hurricanes or modification to houses in
Tornado Alley," said Crapo. "However, FEMA spends very little money assisting
communities at risk of being impacted by wildfires. Our legislation would
address that disparity by allowing fire-prone communities apply for Hazard
Mitigation grants to undertake 'fire-wise' projects for homes in the wildland
urban interface or reduce hazardous fuels."



 "We have seen the catastrophic impacts of wildfires across Montana and the west
and we must do more to prevent them and reduce their devastation," Tester said.
"We know that a wildfire doesn't end when the flames stop burning. This bill
will provide additional resources to restore land after a wildfire sweeps
through, preventing future disasters."



 "Although many of my eastern colleagues do not fully appreciate the situation,
wildfires continue to wreak havoc in the western part of our country and this
continuing threat is very real," said Risch. "The Wildfire Mitigation Assistance
Act will be a longer-lasting, positive solution to the ever-increasing need for
funds to prevent and battle fires."



 "Wildfires threaten the health and safety of communities, contaminate waters,
damage wildlife habitats and impact county economies by reducing opportunities
for jobs and tourism on the land," said National Association of Counties (NACo)
President and El Paso County Commissioner Sallie Clark. "The Wildfire Mitigation
Assistance Act leverages federal, state and local resources to address the
factors that most directly contribute to catastrophic wildfires before they
happen. Counties applaud Senators Bennet, Crapo, and Tester for their leadership
and urge Congress to enact meaningful legislation to reduce wildfire risks and
associated costs for response and recovery, improve the health of federal
forests and ensure the long-term health and viability of our lands and
communities."



 "I applaud Senators Bennet, Tester and Crapo for introducing this important
legislation," said Chief Rhoda Mae Kerr, International Association of Fire
Chiefs President and Chair of the Board. "Even after the wildland fires are
extinguished, communities are still at risk for future floods and landslides.
This legislation will help states and communities mitigate that risk."



 "While we are frequently judged based on response and criticized based on
recovery, mitigation and preparedness are critical phases of emergency
management and they most often occur outside the spotlight," said President of
the U.S. Council of the International Association of Emergency Managers
President Robie Robinson. "As mitigation is the linchpin of emergency
management, expanding hazard mitigation grant funding following a Fire
Management Assistance Grant declaration will enable jurisdictions to implement
programs that will effectively reduce risks and return benefits many fold."



 The Fiscal Year 2015 Department of Homeland Security Appropriations bill
included a one-year authority to provide hazard mitigation grants following FMAG
declarations. That authority is being used to develop and implement fire
mitigation projects in nine states and one tribe that received FMAG declarations
for wildfires between March and September 2015. This bill would make that
authority permanent. This measure was originally introduced as part of the
PREPARE Act Bennet and Crapo introduced last August.



 This bill has the support of local elected officials, state and local emergency
managers, major fire service organizations, and floodplain managers. The bill is
also supported by the National Association of Counties, the International
Association of Emergency Managers, US Council, the International Association of
Fire Chiefs, the International Association of Fire Fighters, the National
Emergency Management Association, the National Fire Protection Association, the
Association of State Floodplain Managers, and the National Volunteer Fire
Council.



 The Fire Management Assistance Grant (FMAG) Program provides federal funding to
states, local governments, and tribes for firefighting and emergency protective
measures for fires on public or private forests that are considered major
disasters. Funding is currently only available for activities while the fire is
burning.



 The Hazard Mitigation Grant Program (HMGP) provides federal funding to help
communities implement measures in the wake of a Presidential major disaster
declaration to reduce long-term risk to people and property from future natural
disasters.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              263 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                            February 12, 2007 Monday
                                 FINAL EDITION

ROTC Helps With Storm Readiness

BYLINE: Ronnie Blair

SECTION: METRO; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 332 words


NEW PORT RICHEY - Using grant money and assistance from local agencies, Gulf
High School ROTC students put together a PowerPoint presentation on hurricane
preparedness that included a history of America's deadliest hurricanes, computer
animation of the damage hurricanes can cause to a house, and evacuation tips.

The project took the students beyond the classroom walls. Each month, they will
present their hurricane preparedness project to senior citizens at Community
Aging and Retirement Services centers.

The inaugural presentation took place Friday morning before about 20 people at
the CARES Claude Pepper Senior Center in New Port Richey.

The students helped the senior citizens fill out waterproof emergency medical
cards. The cards have magnets on the back so they can be placed on refrigerators
and grabbed quickly in an evacuation.

The students also gave the seniors flashlights, batteries and a whistle.

As part of the project, the students formed a Youth Community Emergency Response
Team. The team will provide regular assistance to elderly homeowners to help
them prepare their homes for hurricanes.

The response team also will distribute water, ice and food through Pasco County
Emergency Management, and aid New Port Richey Parks and Recreation with removal
of debris before and after hurricanes.

A $7,000 Florida Learn and Serve grant is helping fund the ROTC's hurricane
preparedness project.

The grant paid extra dividends because of additional contributions and help that
came from the Pasco County Office of Emergency Management, MacDill Air Force
Base, New Port Richey Fire Department, New Port Richey Parks and Recreation, and
Community Aging and Retirement Services.

Ronnie Blair

Photo credit: Tribune photo by CHRIS URSO

Photo: Isaac Martinez, left, talks with Antolin Cruz after the debut of Gulf
High School ROTC's emergency preparedness presentation on Friday.

Copyright © 2007, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com .

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: ACROSS THE REGION

GRAPHIC: PHOTO

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2007 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                              264 of 998 DOCUMENTS


              Lake County News-Chronicle (Two Harbors, Minnesota)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             August 12, 2016 Friday

Brimson receives new fire truck

BYLINE: Jamey Malcomb, Lake County News-Chronicle, Two Harbors, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 740 words


Aug. 12--For a small, 14-member volunteer fire department, $100,000 is a giant
sum of money. That's the estimated price tag a new water tender truck for fire
departments, but luckily the Brimson Area Volunteer Fire Department was able to
purchase the vehicle for just $4,300.

The Minnesota Department of Natural Resources' Rural Fire Department Program was
able to help the BAVFD purchase the truck through a U.S. Department of Defense
Firefighter Property Program that makes surplus equipment able to support fire
department operations available at a low cost to the DNR and local fire
departments. In fact, the DNR asks the department to pay only the shipping costs
for the equipment, which in the case of the BAVFD amounted to $4,300 for the
water tender truck. The department also had to pay for about $10,000 in
modifications to make it suitable for use, but that is an expense the department
would have incurred even if they bought the truck new.

"Just for the truck brand new, it would cost about $100,000 and then they would
still have to add all that other stuff to bring it into compliance as an
emergency vehicle," DNR rural fire programs coordinator Tim Oland said.

The six-cylinder diesel-fueled water tender can haul 1,200 gallons of water to
service a pumper and is easier to drive off road. The BAVFD provides fire
suppression and emergency services to a 360-square mile area that includes
portions of the Superior National Forest and the Cloquet Valley State Forest.
Paul Tine, the chief and a founder of the 35-year-old fire department, said due
to the rural nature of the area his department covers and agreements with state
and federal agencies, they respond to more wildfires than structure fires. The
new truck has a higher wheelbase than the older truck the fire department used
and gives better clearance over grass and rough terrain.

"It was great timing because the transmission went out on our 30-year-old
converted milk truck and the 1970's military six-by-six that we were using was a
killer to drive with its crazy, manual shift pattern," Tine said. "It had no
heat or air conditioning and the headlights didn't work well either."

The DNR has a number of different programs to help small and rural fire
departments, like the one in Brimson, get funding for firefighting equipment and
increase their purchasing power. The Wildland Fire Equipment Sales program
allows departments to purchase fire suppression equipment meeting wildland fire
specifications from the DNR at a low cost. The DNR has a cache of equipment in
Grand Rapids and provides a list of equipment available for purchase on its
website.

"It's usually protective pants, shirts, gloves, helmets, goggles and fire
shelters, things that have to do with wildfire, they can get at cost," Oland
said. "We're not trying to compete with the private sector in any way, we're
just trying to stretch their budget dollars."

The USFS and the state of Minnesota combine to provide more than $300,000 a year
for the Volunteer Fire Assistance Grant program, a cost-share program providing
financial and technical assistance to Minnesota fire departments in cities or
communities with a population under 10,000. Priority is given to fire
departments that have the greatest need and participate in a community wildfire
protection plan. The grants typically range from $500 to $5,000 and with 389
departments applying last year, Oland said the DNR awarded 160. He said
departments typically get a grant through the VFA program once every three
years, if they continuously apply.

Oland said he was really impressed with the Brimson department and their
tenacity protecting the area's residents from fires as well as dealing with
budgets and stretching their meager funds as far as they can go.

"I think Brimson is a real progressive rural department with committed
individuals," he said. "We're sure proud of them for being good partners with
the state and federal agencies we work with."

For more information on the DNR's rural fire department assistance programs,
including a list of equipment for sale through the Wildland Fire Equipment Sales
program, visit www.mndnr.gov/grants/ruralfire.

Explore related topics:NewsLake
CountybrimsonEmergencyWildfiresgrantsfirefighters

Jamey Malcomb

___ (c)2016 the Lake County News-Chronicle (Two Harbors, Minn.) Visit the Lake
County News-Chronicle (Two Harbors, Minn.) at www.twoharborsmn.com Distributed
by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160812-TQ-Brimson-receives-new-fire-truck-0812-20160812

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TQ


                   Copyright 2016 Lake County News-Chronicle


                              265 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                            July 13, 1994, Wednesday

THE FLOOD OF '94: AN ONGOING CRISIS How you can help

SECTION: STATE NEWS; Section D; Page 8

LENGTH: 901 words


The Georgia Emergency Management Agency appreciates any help, but asks that all
calls regarding donations be direct ed to the American Red Cross and the
Salvation Army. To volunteer to help, call GEMA at 1-800- 879-4362.

The Salvation Army is accepting donations of sealed bottled water and cleaning
supplies at several of its metro Atlanta locations. Call 873- 3101. Financial
contributions can be mailed to The Salvation Army, Georgia Flood Relief, P.O.
Box 5378, Atlanta, Ga. 30307.

Habitat for Humanity International, based in hard-hit Americus in Sumter County,
has created the Habitat Emergency Fund to help cover costs of assistance in
Georgia, Florida and Alabama. Volunteers also are helping authorities in Sumter
County. Checks may be sent to HFHI Emergency Fund, 121 Habitat St., Americus,
Ga. 31709.

Those wishing to help flood victims can call 1-800-842-2200 or 1-800- 257-7575
(Spanish language) to charge a financial contribution to a credit card.
Donations by check may be made to the American Red Cross Disaster Relief, P.O.
Box 101590, Atlanta, Ga. 30392.

The March of Dimes needs donations of jars of baby food, rice cereal,
ready-mixed canned formula, disposable diapers, wet wipes and Avon Skin-So-Soft
to aid mothers and babies. Drop items off at the March of Dimes office at 2
Northside 75 N.W., Suite 100, Monday-Friday, 8:30 a.m.-7 p.m. 350-9800

The Georgia Veterinary Medical Association is seeking donations of emergency
supplies to deliver to veterinarians and pets in the South Georgia flood areas
Thursday and Friday. The association needs dog and cat food, canvas tents and
tarps, chain link fencing and animal cages as well as financial assistance. The
collection site is the association's headquarters at 3050 Holcomb Bridge Road,
Norcross. It will be open to accept donations today and Thursday from 10 a.m. to
4 p.m. For more information: 416-1633.

To make a credit card donation to the American Red Cross Disaster Relief Fund,
dial 511 and enter code 7505. Have your Visa, MasterCard or American Express
ready and follow the instructions. Each call costs 50 cents and the net proceeds
and transaction fees will go to the American Red Cross. See page A2 for details.

IF YOU NEED HELP:

To request federal assistance because of storm damage, call FEMA at
1-800-462-9029. A joint federal/state disaster field office will be open in East
Point by today to administer assistance programs. The office will be in the
former Federal Aviation Administration office at 3400 Norman Berry Drive.

The Red Cross main switchboard number in Atlanta is 404-881-9800 or you can call
the Georgia Field Office at 1-800-466-4557. They can direct you to the local
chapter in your area.

Disaster centers

Four Disaster Application Centers opened Monday and others will open soon,
including another in Albany. For homeowners, the typical response time for aid
is seven to 10 days. The centers will be open from 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. Here are the
current locations:

Bibb County, Macon Coliseum, 200 Coliseum Drive, Macon.

Clayton County, Jonesboro Middle School, 137 Spring St., Jonesboro.

Dougherty County, Highland Middle School, 1001 Highland Ave., Albany.

Sumter County, Americus High School, 805 Harrold Ave., Americus.

Emergency management officials said the preferred method of taking applications
is over the telephone. The disaster application hotline, open 24 hours a day, is
1-800-462-9029 and, for the hearing and speech impaired, is 1-800-462-7585.

Road information

The Georgia Department of Transportation has opened a toll-free line for drivers
who want to find out the condition of roads in the flooded areas:
1-800-435-7955.

Emergency loan programs

Emergency management agencies have outlined loans and grants available to
flood-stricken families and businesses. To receive federal assistance,
homeowners and businesses located in flood plains must agree to buy flood
insurance spanning the life of the loan. Qualified applicants for housing grants
or loans will get a check within seven to 10 days of filing an application,
officials said. Here are the assistance programs:

Disaster Housing Assistance. FEMA may provide funds for anyone whose residence
has been destroyed to obtain alternate rental housing or to make essential
repairs.

Individual and Family Grants. Grants of up to $ 12,000 may be available to
repair massive infrastructure problems in counties and communities.

Home/Personal Property Disaster Loans. Small Business Administration
low-interest loans (6.625 percent) are available to homeowners and renters for
restoring and replacing damaged real estate and personal property. Maximum is $
200,000 for real estate and $ 40,000 for personal property.

Disaster Unemployment Assistance. Weekly benefit payments can be provided to
those out of work, including self-employed farm workers.

Business Disaster Loans. The Small Business Administration offers loans (at 4
percent) of up to $ 1.5 million to repair or replace destroyed or damaged
businesses, inventory or equipment.

Housing Loans/Grants. The Farmers Home Administration can make loans to damaged
permanent residences. Grants of up to $ 5,000 are available to applicants 62 and
older with low incomes.

Farm Assistance. The Farmers Home Administration may make emergency loans to
farmers and ranchers who were operating and managing a farm or ranch at the time
of the flooding.

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH942000193

                    Copyright 1994 The Atlanta Constitution


                              266 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  May 14, 2001, Monday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

(ALTON AREA BRIEFS)

SECTION: ALTON AREA POST, Pg. 1

LENGTH: 560 words



ALTON

State provides grants for several projects

Senior Services Plus Inc. has received a $ 250,000 Illinois FIRST grant to
convert the former Thomas Jefferson Elementary School into a senior center, Gov.
George H. Ryan announced last week.

Senior Services will lease the school from the Alton School District, which
closed it last year as part of the district's reconfiguration plan.

The city of Wood River and the Alton Volunteer Emergency Corp. also benefited
from the $ 1.1 million in grants that Ryan released to communities in
southwestern Illinois.

Wood River will get $ 50,000 to remove lime from the city's north lagoon; the
city will contribute $ 10,000 to the project.

The Alton Volunteer Emergency Corp. will get $ 10,000 to purchase a new boat for
emergency situations in its area.

BUNKER HILL

City will acquire 12 acres for Whitaker Park

A $ 31,300 grant from the National Park Service will enable Bunker Hill to
acquire 12 acres for Whitaker Community Park.

The sum will pay for half of the $ 62,600 cost of acquiring and developing an
outdoor recreation area, U.S. Rep. John Shimkus, R-Co llinsville, said.

The money, from the Park Service's Land and Water Conservation Fund grants
-in-aid program, will be awarded to the Illinois Department of Natural Resources
on behalf of Bunker Hill.

METRO EAST

College seeks nominees for family business award

The School of Business at Southern Illinois University at Edwardsville is
seeking nominees for the 2001 Mississippi Family Business of the Year award.

Notable past winners include Schnucks Markets, McCarthy Construction, Tony's
Restaurant and Wehrenberg Theaters.

A panel of experts in financial services, organization management and law along
with a group of family business owners will select six winners from the
nominations.

The winners will receive their awards at a gala Oct. 11. Nominations ar e being
accepted from May 21 to July 13. For an application packet or more information,
call 800-692-4333.

RIVER BEND

Golf tournament will benefit booster club

The Mid-Illinois Jets Gymnastic Booster Club will hold its ninth annual golf
tournament on June 2 at Rolling Hills Golf Course in Godfrey.

Participation costs $ 300 for each four-person team, which also pays for two
carts per team and food, drinks and cash prizes for first, second, third and
fourth places.

Proceeds from the event benefit the booster club, a nonprofit group that
promotes the sport of gymnastics in the River Bend area.

The four-person scramble starts at 12:30 p.m. June 2. Early reg istration is
recommended, as the tournament only has spots for 36 teams. For information,
call Georgiann Ursch at 466-4644 or Linda Dublo at 466-1098.

STAUNTON

Jazz singer will celebrate grand opening

Jazz singer Sherry Drake will perform in Staunton this weekend to celebrate the
grand opening of O'Brian's Top of the Town.

Drake will be accompanied by Carolbeth True, a pianist who has played with the
St. Louis Symphony and has served as a faculty member at the International
Summer Jazz Academy in Poland.

Their performance will take place from 6 to 9 p.m. Sunday at O'Brian's, at 212
West Main Street in Staunton. For more information about their show or other
events during O'Brian's grand opening weekend, call 635-5666.

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2001

LANGUAGE: English

TYPE: Alton Area Briefs Column EVENTS

                  Copyright 2001 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              267 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                   Oklahoma Business News (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            October 21, 2002 Monday

Oklahoma Water Resources Board reaches milestone

BYLINE: OBN staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 736 words


The Water Resources Board has passed the billion-dollar mark in loans and grants
issued over the past 20 years to help underwrite water and sewer improvements
throughout Oklahoma.

A ceremony to commemorate the milestone is scheduled Nov. 12 in the Blue Room on
the second floor of the State Capitol. Members of the Legislature, former
governors and members of the board have been invited, as well as those who
supported creation of the first water-wastewater loan program in 1982 and who
have enabled the program to prosper over the past two decades.

Senate Bill 215 created the board's Financial Assistance Program in 1979, but a
series of legal skirmishes hobbled the program for three years. In 1982, Senate
Bill 145 cleared up the technical and legal problems associated with the program
and House Bill 1655 appropriated $25 million of surplus revenue to the Statewide
Water Development revolving fund.

Two years later, Senate Bill 156 essentially authorized use of the $25 million
revolving fund. Additionally, State Question 581 passed by an almost two-to-one
margin in the primary election in August 1984. That constitutional amendment
authorized use of state funds to finance water resource and sewage treatment
projects in cities, towns and counties and other units of the state.

The Oklahoma Water Resources Board has since issued 425 long-term, low-interest
loans for $944.2 million, plus 830 grants totaling $57.6 million.

Officials estimate state municipalities and rural water districts have saved at
least $178 million on interest charges through these loans, said Duane Smith,
executive director of the water board. "And that's a conservative estimate," he
added.

Currently the interest rate on loans from the Water Resources Board is 2.122
percent, said Joe Freeman, chief of the agency's Financial Assistance Division.

Financial aid from the Water Resources Board has included:

l 268 Financial Assistance Program loans totaling $416.9 million for water and
wastewater system improvements. The first FAP loan was $165,000 to Roger Mills
County Rural Water District #2; the water board closed on that loan May 14,
1986, records show.

l 132 Clean Water State Revolving Fund loans totaling $449.58 million. That
program was created in 1988 to provide a renewable financing source for
communities to draw upon for their wastewater infrastructure needs. The first
was an $11.1 million construction loan to Tulsa that was closed on Aug. 15,
1990.

l 25 Drinking Water State Revolving Fund loans totaling $77.7 million. That
program, an initiative of the Water Resources Board and the state Department of
Environmental Quality, assists municipalities and rural water districts in the
construction and improvement of their drinking water systems.

The first DWSRF loan approved by the board was $4.18 million to Holdenville for
construction of a water treatment plant. The Water Resources Board approved the
loan on June 9, 1998, but the closing wasn't until Nov. 24 of that year.

l 490 emergency grants totaling $28.7 million. Those grants, for up to $100,000
each, underwrite projects to correct situations that constitute a threat to
life, health or property. The water board approved its first two emergency
grants Aug. 12, 1983; Optima received $49,500 and Boynton got $27,695, both for
water system improvements.

l 340 REAP grants totaling $28.9 million. The first Rural Economic Action Plan
grants from the Water Resources Board were issued Jan. 14, 1997, to Coyle,
Terral, Eakly, Indiahoma, Okay, Braggs, Inola, Depew, Canadian, Hunter, Cleo
Springs, Stringtown and Wanette; Seminole County Rural Water District #1;
Okfuskee County Rural Water District #1; Rogers County Rural Water District #1;
Moyers Public Schools; Woods County Rural Water District #1; Dewey County Rural
Water, Sewer, and Solid Waste Management District #3, and Beckham County Rural
Water District #2.

The Rural Economic Action Plan, which the Legislature created in 1996, provides
the Water Resources Board with funds to help finance public improvements in
communities with a population of 7,000 or less, particularly areas with 1,750 or
fewer residents. The Legislature has earmarked more than $4 million of the REAP
appropriation every year for the Water Resources Board, for water and wastewater
grants of up to $150,000 each.

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Government activity

                      Copyright 2002 Dolan Media Newswires
                                All Rights Reserved


                              268 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 10, 2013 Tuesday

Senators Menendez, Chiesa Announce More Than $8.4 Million in Federal Sandy
Relief for Hudson County Roads and Public Property Department, Port Authority of
New York and New Jerseym Sea Grit, Point Pleasant

LENGTH: 408  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Robert Menendez, U.S Government has issued the following
news release:

U.S. Senators Robert Menendez (D-NJ) and Jeff Chiesa (R-NJ) today announced
$8,411,546.66 in federal Sandy relief grants for Hudson County, Port Authority
of New York and New Jersey, Sea Girt and Point Pleasant to reimburse costs
incurred as a result of Superstorm Sandy. The grants are provided by the Federal
Emergency Management Agency's (FEMA) Public Assistance grant program.

"Whether it's for a county government repairing public facilities, or a Jersey
Shore communities rebuilding storm-damaged boardwalks, every bit of Sandy relief
moves New Jersey forward in our recovery from the storm," said Senator Menendez,
who helped lead the New Jersey delegation in the fight for federal Sandy relief.
"I am very glad to see this assistance coming to Hudson County, the Port
Authority, Sea Girt and Point Pleasant and I will continue to fight for the
federal resources we need to continue the progress on our recovery."

"These resources help our communities continue recouping the substantial costs
incurred during and after Superstorm Sandy," said Senator Chiesa. "I commend
FEMA for their continued attention to the New Jersey recovery and providing our
cities and towns with the resources they desperately need."

The funding announced today includes:

$3,249,214.37 for Hudson County Roads and Public Property to repair the Juneau
Center storage facility damaged as a result of Superstorm Sandy.
    $2,213,385.63 for the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey to install a
temporary pontoon bridge to allow for continuity of operations for facilities
destroyed by Superstorm Sandy.
    $1,616,817.60 for Sea Girt to repair the boardwalk damaged in the storm.
    $1,332,129.06 for Point Pleasant to reimburse costs associated with debris
removal following Superstorm Sandy.

In January, President Barack Obama signed the Superstorm Sandy Supplemental
Appropriations bill into law, bringing the total Sandy aid enacted by Congress
to $60.2 billion.  The funding package included federal aid to help homeowners,
businesses, and communities recover, and resources to rebuild coastal,
transportation, and water infrastructure.

Public Assistance grants are awarded by FEMA on a rolling basis after receiving
applications from the state, which coordinates the process with local
governments.

For further information please visit: http://www.menendez.senate.gov

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              269 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Charleston Daily Mail (West Virginia)

                          December 12, 2007, Wednesday

Agency seeks control of services;
Director tells Putnam commission he lacks faith in anti-poverty program

BYLINE: EVADNA BARTLETT, FOR THE DAILY MAIL

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P4D

LENGTH: 548 words


WINFIELD - Putnam County commissioners, loaning $10,000 to help the county
anti-poverty office stay afloat, appeared unperturbed that the agency funneling
grants has lost confidence in the local group.

Oren Thornhill, director of the Capital Resource Agency that distributes federal
block grants for anti-poverty programs in five counties, told commissioners on
Tuesday he planned to recommend to his board later in the day that his agency
operate the Putnam services.

"I have sort of lost confidence in the Putnam County Community Action Program,"
Thornhill said.

Capital Resource is seeking a site, probably has a director and hopes to start
Jan. 1, he said.

That flies in the face of information a week earlier when community action
council officers sought funds to continue operating, saying Thornhill told them
last month he had no interest in establishing a Putnam office.

Council officers contacted after his appearance this week were unaware he would
be at the meeting or would seek approval for the office in Putnam County. His
board, however, did not discuss the proposal because it lacked a quorum Tuesday
evening.

The Putnam program has operated on funds from federal poverty and employment
grants which are administered only on a reimbursement basis. In July, the board
laid off eight of its nine employees with the insolvency of the Regional 2
Workforce Investment Board.

Only volunteers and director Dawn Bennett remained, and she was strapped trying
to screen and provide emergency aide, handle calls, provide clearinghouse
service for Christmas assistance, take weatherization requests as well as
document and complete reimbursement forms.

By the start of the federal fiscal year Oct. 1, about $26,000 remained in
funding, money Thornhill said he has been permitted to roll over into the
current fiscal year.

But he has no authority to reimburse the program for expenses already incurred,
he said, as Putnam Community Action has no contract with his agency, which began
operating Nov. 1.

That leaves Putnam Community Action in limbo. Last week, it submitted a $3,767
invoice for November emergency assistance and other services and part of its
operational costs. A request for about the same amount went to the workforce
investment board,

The unsecured loan from the county, officially called a reimbursable grant, was
to help the agency operate until reimbursed. When asked about it, commissioners
said previous reimbursable grants have been repaid.

In other business Tuesday, commissioners:

-Unanimously approved revision to the county employee increment pay policy to
cover workers who transfer from law enforcement, which is covered by the state
increment pay. Both offer $5 a month for each year of continuous employment, but
the county has a cap of 16 years and is contingent on budget review. The change,
retroactive to July, cost $660.

-Were updated by Terradon engineer Jennifer Miller on a project to extend water
to 120 rural homes. Miller, who anticipate advertising for bids in February,
said water pressure at present is adequate for fire hydrants to all but about 13
families

Approved an application for a $3,000 state grant for two historically correct
windows for the restoration of the Hoge historic house on Courthouse Hill.
Winfield will provide $1,900 in matching funds.

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Charleston Newspapers


                              270 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                           February 21, 2015 Saturday

Pakistan: Japan provides Rs.36 million for social uplift projects

LENGTH: 261  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, Feb. 21 -- The Japanese Government has provided

financial assistance worth Rs.36 million to four NGOs for social

development projects in different parts of the country.

The NGOs namely Ameer Begum Welfare Trust, Al-Mujtaba

Development Network, Community Development and Anti TB Program and

Obaid Noor Welfare Association.

The financial support would be spent on implementation of

social development projects in disadvantaged areas of the country.

In this regard, an agreement has been signed between Japanese

Ambassador to Pakistan, Hiroshi Inomata and heads of the four NGOs

here.

According to detail, Ameer Begum Welfare Trust will utilize

its grant for the installation of six water filter plants in rural

areas of District Okara that are suffering from a high prevalence

water borne disease due to the unavailability of safe drinking

water.

The grant to Al-Mujtaba Development Network will be used for

the improvement of the water supply and sanitation system in a

remote part of District Muzaffarabad.

The grant to Community Development and Anti TB Program on the

other hand will enable the construction of a village road in

District Narowal, in order to enhance community accessibility of

facilities in the town centre.

The grant to Obaid Noor Welfare Association will result in the

construction of a maternity and emergency hospital in a neglected

part of District Mianwali

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              271 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    The Blairsville Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 11, 2011 Friday

Funding steered toward Indiana County rentals

BYLINE: Jared Stout, The Blairsville Dispatch, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 762 words


March 11--Contract modifications for the Homeless Prevention and Rapid
Re-Housing Program were among a long list of Office of Planning and Development
items approved at Wednesday's Indiana County Commissioners' meeting.

Funding for most portions of HPRP will be decreased so the county can transfer
that money to increase the allocation for rental vouchers by $37,600 up to a
total of $198,851.35. The number of households assisted will be revised from 25
to 38.

"This is the area of greatest need for assistance by Indiana County residents
through the HPRP program," said LuAnn Zak of the Office of Planning and
Development.

As for the other areas of the program:

-- Homeless prevention will be cut from $18,000 to $6,200 and the beneficiaries
will be reduced from 60 households to 15.

-- The rapid rehousing utility subsidies allocation will be reduced from $30,000
to $8,000 but still will assist 25 households.

-- Rapid rehousing emergency hotel assistance will be decreased from $6,000 to
$2,200 but still will assist 10 households.

Funds for HPRP were approved in the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of
2009 -- the federal stimulus -- which included a total of $1.5 billion for a
Homeless Prevention Fund.

Several planning and development items involving water and sewage improvements
also were approved Wednesday.

The commissioners entered into a contract with Terra Works, Inc., of Clarion to
undertake the Locust Street Sanitary and Storm Sewer Improvements Project in
Indiana.

The contract of $692,860 is being funded with an H2O PA Grant awarded to the
Indiana Borough/White Township Regional Sanitary Sewer Improvements Project.

The project will replace the sanitary sewer line and improve the storm sewer
system on Locust Street between Fourth and Sixth streets -- benefiting 41
households.

The commissioners approved a contract for Ray I. Winter and Sons, Inc., of
Indiana for the construction of the Glen Campbell Water System Improvements
Project.

The contract award was for a base bid of $299,810, but a change order was
approved to address the replacement of water lines on three streets in addition
to the five streets planned in the original contract.

The change order brought the project cost to $437,930, which will be funded by a
2006 Indiana County Entitlement Grant and a 2010 Competitive Grant from the
Community Development Block Grant program.

The commissioners approved a change order in the amount of $4,513.75 to the
general/mechanical contract with Galway Bay Corporation for the Blairsville
Municipal Authority Sewage Treatment Plant expansion.

The change order is needed for additional aluminum ladders to the control
building roof at the existing digesters and an additional ladder and platform
for the new secondary digester. The project is paid for by funding through the
Penn Works and PennVest programs.

The commissioners terminated the balance of a contract agreement of $2,500 with
Earthmovers Unlimited, Inc., for failure to complete punch-list items for the
Marsh Run Stream Bank Rehabilitation Project in Indiana by this past Sept. 30.
The project was funded through Indiana Borough CDBG Entitlement Funds.

A contract amendment was ratified for the county's Core Communities Housing
Program, funded by the state. It will reduce the audit allocation from $7,000 to
$3,000 and increase the allocation for salaries and fringe benefits from $38,000
to $42,000.

In other matters, the commissioners approved a Hazardous Materials Emergency
Preparedness Grant for 2011, representing an increase of about $4,000 from last
year. Funding for training and planning operations will total $19,995.20 for
2011.

Contracts were approved with three constables -- Charles Bracken, Barry Rosen
and Rick Yarnick -- to transport certain clients on an as-needed basis on behalf
of the Armstrong-Indiana Mental Health/Mental Retardation program.

The motion had been tabled at the previous meeting because the two constables
originally proposed -- Bracken and Rosen -- were both from Armstrong County.
Yarnick, an Armstrong Township constable, was added to the list to provide
Indiana County with a representative.

The commissioners proclaimed March to be Intellectual Disabilities Awareness
Month.

To see more of The Blairsville Dispatch or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.pittsburghlive.com/x/blairsvilledispatch/. Copyright (c) 2011, The
Blairsville Dispatch, Pa. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services.
For more information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune
Information Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110311-DH-Funding-steered-toward-Indiana-County-rentals-0311-20110311

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DH


                    Copyright 2011 The Blairsville Dispatch


                              272 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Sun (Lowell, Massachusetts)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 11, 2010 Tuesday

Flood money flows in for residents of local communities

BYLINE: Chris Camire, The Sun, Lowell, Mass.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 458 words


May 11--Nearly two months after floods ravaged the region, federal grant money
is still coming in to cities and towns that were hit the hardest.

More than $41 million in Federal Emergency Management Agency grants have been
approved in Massachusetts, including $12 million in Middlesex County.

Locally, Billerica is the largest recipient of FEMA grants, having been awarded
$1.8 million as of yesterday. Other top towns include Wilmington at $753,484,
Tewksbury at $566,712 and Burlington at $524,799.

Billerica resident Pat Flemming, whose Boston Road home was flooded by the
Shawsheen River, was given $2,300 several days after she applied for federal
assistance. She said she used the money to help pay for repairs at her home that
needed immediate attention and weren't covered by insurance, such as electrical
work.

"That money came in right away, and it was extremely helpful," said Flemming,
whose foundation, oil burner and hot-water heater were all damaged by the flood.

To date, about 30,000 Massachusetts residents have registered for FEMA
assistance from the flooding caused by record-setting rainfall.

More than 12 inches of rain fell in March, the most in that month in Greater
Lowell since 1826. Flooding began after the first storm on March 12 and
continued as more rain fell later in the month.

FEMA grants are available to help flood victims pay for temporary housing,
repairs to damage not covered by insurance, as well as medical and dental

needs, transportation costs, personal property damage, and moving and storage
expenses.

More than 27,000 Massachusetts residents impacted by the flood have registered
with FEMA. The deadline to register is May 28, and people can register by
calling 1-800-621-3362 or going online at www.disasterassistance.gov.

Low-interest loans to cover uninsured property losses for homeowners, renters
and businesses are also available from the U.S. Small Business Administration.

The SBA is helping renters, homeowners and businesses of all sizes by offering
low-interest disaster loans.

The loans can help repair or replace homes, businesses and personal property
that was damaged by the flooding but not covered by insurance.

Individuals can apply for loans up to $40,000 for content damage, and homeowners
can qualify for up to $200,000 in property damage. Businesses can apply for a
loan of up to $2 million.

To see more of The Sun, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.lowellsun.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Sun, Lowell, Mass. Distributed
by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100511-LZ-Flood-money-flows-in-for-residents-of-local-communities-0511

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LZ


                             Copyright 2010 The Sun


                              273 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring South Asia - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                           November 20, 2007 Tuesday

Bangladesh appeals for international help to recoup cyclone damage

LENGTH: 541 words


Text of report headlined "Government appeals for international assistance"
published by Bangladeshi newspaper New Age website on 20 November

The government has sought international assistance to help millions of people
living in most appalling misery in the country's southern region ravaged by
Thursday [15 November]'s cyclone Sidr.

"It is our view that our friends will come forward to assist us at this hour of
need. We are doing everything we can ourselves, but the magnitude of the
calamity has been just too great," Foreign Adviser Iftekhar Ahmed Chowdhury said
in a statement.

At the initial stage, a number of countries, United Nations agencies, global aid
organizations and the European Union have so far pledged around 120m dollars in
humanitarian aid to people affected by the cyclone.

Among them, Saudi Arabia has announced a grant of 100m dollars in relief
assistance for Bangladesh's cyclone victims. The Saudi government has also
decided to send 300 tonnes of food and relief materials to Bangladesh next week,
ambassador Abdullah Al Obaid Al Namla informed the foreign adviser Monday.

Explaining the need for humanitarian assistance from abroad, a Foreign Ministry
spokesman said this year Bangladesh saw a series of severe natural disasters
since July. Cyclone Sidr, that left a trail of devastation in southern
districts, followed twin flooding which affected two-thirds of the country just
a couple of months back. While the extent of damage caused by the latest
disaster is yet to be assessed, the government and the people are trying their
best to cope with the adversities, he said.

"At this time we will welcome support from the international community."

Japan is providing emergency assistance of some 390,000 dollars, which will
arrive in Dhaka today, ambassador Massayuki Inoue told the Foreign Office. He
handed over a list of relief items to the foreign adviser Monday. The emergency
relief goods include 100 tents, 1,100 blankets, 300 sleeping pads, 200 plastic
sheets, 310 portable water tanks, 30 water purifiers and 30 power generators
(220V).

Chinese ambassador Zheng Qingdian Tuesday informed newsmen that his government
would donate 1m dollars for cyclone victims. In addition, Chinese Red Cross
would give 50,000 dollars to Bangladesh Red Crescent Society.

The Swiss government has provided 200,000 Swiss francs (160,000 dollars) in
grants for relief materials, said an embassy release in Dhaka.

Meanwhile, Xinhua reported from Geneva that the Swiss government and charities
were sending immediate aid to the survivors of cyclone in Bangladesh.

"The aid, valued at 850,000 Swiss francs (about 760,000 dollars), will go in
part to support efforts by the local Red Crescent Society to provide those in
need with food packets, drinking water and medicine," the report added.

The Australian government has announced 18 crore taka (3m Australian dollars)
[one crore equals 10m; one US dollar equals about 68 taka] in emergency relief
and recovery efforts. High Commissioner Douglas Foskett said AusAID will
contribute 1m Australian dollars each to Australian NGOs working in Bangladesh
for relief assistance like safe water, sanitation facilities, clothes and
blankets.

Source: New Age website, Dhaka, in English 20 Nov 07

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2007 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              274 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring Middle East - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                           November 20, 2007 Tuesday

Bangladesh appeals for international help to recoup cyclone damage

LENGTH: 541 words


Text of report headlined "Government appeals for international assistance"
published by Bangladeshi newspaper New Age website on 20 November

The government has sought international assistance to help millions of people
living in most appalling misery in the country's southern region ravaged by
Thursday [15 November]'s cyclone Sidr.

"It is our view that our friends will come forward to assist us at this hour of
need. We are doing everything we can ourselves, but the magnitude of the
calamity has been just too great," Foreign Adviser Iftekhar Ahmed Chowdhury said
in a statement.

At the initial stage, a number of countries, United Nations agencies, global aid
organizations and the European Union have so far pledged around 120m dollars in
humanitarian aid to people affected by the cyclone.

Among them, Saudi Arabia has announced a grant of 100m dollars in relief
assistance for Bangladesh's cyclone victims. The Saudi government has also
decided to send 300 tonnes of food and relief materials to Bangladesh next week,
ambassador Abdullah Al Obaid Al Namla informed the foreign adviser Monday.

Explaining the need for humanitarian assistance from abroad, a Foreign Ministry
spokesman said this year Bangladesh saw a series of severe natural disasters
since July. Cyclone Sidr, that left a trail of devastation in southern
districts, followed twin flooding which affected two-thirds of the country just
a couple of months back. While the extent of damage caused by the latest
disaster is yet to be assessed, the government and the people are trying their
best to cope with the adversities, he said.

"At this time we will welcome support from the international community."

Japan is providing emergency assistance of some 390,000 dollars, which will
arrive in Dhaka today, ambassador Massayuki Inoue told the Foreign Office. He
handed over a list of relief items to the foreign adviser Monday. The emergency
relief goods include 100 tents, 1,100 blankets, 300 sleeping pads, 200 plastic
sheets, 310 portable water tanks, 30 water purifiers and 30 power generators
(220V).

Chinese ambassador Zheng Qingdian Tuesday informed newsmen that his government
would donate 1m dollars for cyclone victims. In addition, Chinese Red Cross
would give 50,000 dollars to Bangladesh Red Crescent Society.

The Swiss government has provided 200,000 Swiss francs (160,000 dollars) in
grants for relief materials, said an embassy release in Dhaka.

Meanwhile, Xinhua reported from Geneva that the Swiss government and charities
were sending immediate aid to the survivors of cyclone in Bangladesh.

"The aid, valued at 850,000 Swiss francs (about 760,000 dollars), will go in
part to support efforts by the local Red Crescent Society to provide those in
need with food packets, drinking water and medicine," the report added.

The Australian government has announced 18 crore taka (3m Australian dollars)
[one crore equals 10m; one US dollar equals about 68 taka] in emergency relief
and recovery efforts. High Commissioner Douglas Foskett said AusAID will
contribute 1m Australian dollars each to Australian NGOs working in Bangladesh
for relief assistance like safe water, sanitation facilities, clothes and
blankets.

Source: New Age website, Dhaka, in English 20 Nov 07

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2007 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              275 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            September 5, 2016 Monday

Washington: Community, Volunteer, Faith-Based and Private Nonprofit
Organizations May Be Eligible for Recovery Funds

LENGTH: 363  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Federal Emergency Management Agency has issued the following news
release:



 FEMA may be able to help certain organizations get back to the business of
helping others.



     Community, volunteer, faith-based and private nonprofit organizations that
had damage from Louisiana's recent severe storms and floods may be able to
receive FEMA Public Assistance (PA) grants to repair or replace their facilities
so they can continue offering critical and essential community services.





     Critical community service organizations that may qualify for FEMA PA
grants include:

         Faith-based and private schools

         Hospitals and other medical-treatment facilities

         Utilities like water, sewer and electrical systems

     Non-critical, essential service organizations may also receive PA grants.
However, they must first apply for a low-interest disaster loan from the U.S.
Small Business Administration (SBA) before they may be considered for a PA
grant.

         The SBA may provide up to $2 million to most private nonprofits in the
form of low-interest disaster loans.

         Learn more about and apply for an SBA loan by going online to
sba.gov/disaster. If you cannot access the website, call 800-659-2955. If you
use TTY call 800-877-8339.

     PA grants may be able to cover repair or replacement costs the SBA doesn't.


     Non-critical, essential service organizations include:

         Community centers

         Daycare centers

         Disability advocacy and service providers



     Homeless shelters

     Museums

     Performing arts centers o Rehabilitation facilities o Senior citizen
centers o Zoos

     Only organizations that can prove state or IRS tax exempt status may be
considered.

     Facilities established or primarily used for religious activities may not
be considered.

     The first step to receive a FEMA PA grant for your community, volunteer or
faith- based or private nonprofit organization is to submit a Request for Public
Assistance (RPA) to the State of Louisiana.

         The RPA deadline is Tuesday, Sept. 15.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              276 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 30, 2014 Saturday

Washington: Michigan, FEMA to Start Damage Assessments This Week

LENGTH: 862  words

DATELINE: Washington


Federal Emergency Management Agency has issued the following news release:

Beginning Tuesday, August 26, the Michigan State Police, Emergency Management
and Homeland Security Division (MSP/EMHSD), FEMA, U.S. Small Business
Administration (SBA) and local officials in the Metro Detroit area will be
conducting joint preliminary damage assessments due to the flooding that
occurred the week of August 11.

Six teams will be canvassing Macomb, Oakland and Wayne counties to assess and
validate damages and disaster impacts against federal assistance eligibility
criteria. MSP/EMHSD, FEMA and SBA team members will be wearing shirts with
agency names and logos prominently displayed. Personnel will also have their
credentials visible.

When considering eligibility for federal individual assistance--or assistance
for homeowners, renters and business owners--damage assessment teams consider a
number of factors:

Size and scope of damage as well as threat to public safety. Assessment teams
are tasked to collect a description and extent of damages and the impact on
individuals in the affected areas. To do so, they will try to talk to as many
local officials, renters, homeowners and business owners as possible, taking
note of details such as water depth, structural integrity of buildings, damage
to mechanical components (i.e. furnace, water heater, HVAC, etc.), insurance
coverage in place, length of time floodwater has been in a home, and materials
used to build the dwelling. It is not necessary for the teams to visit every
home in order to complete the assessment.
    Number of primary homes requiring extensive repairs or with structural
damage. When collecting this data, teams are looking for failure of major
structural components in a building and floodwater depths of more than 18 inches
in areas of a residence that meet the federal definition of essential living
space.
        It's important to note: if a presidential declaration for individual
assistance is made:
            Floodwater or sewer backup damages in recreational rooms, unoccupied
basements or storage spaces generally do not qualify for FEMA assistance
programs. However, disaster-related damages to a home's mechanical components or
those in areas of a residence that meet the federal definition of essential
living space--regardless of the location in the home--may be considered eligible
for federal assistance.
            Federal grant funding is made available to eligible applicants as a
supplement to local and state resources and insurance payments to help survivors
return to safe, sanitary and functional housing. It is not meant to return a
home and its contents to pre-disaster conditions.
    Duplication of benefits. By law, FEMA cannot duplicate benefits--such as
those from insurance, local housing authorities, the Department of Housing and
Urban Development and the Department of Veterans Affairs. If approved, FEMA
individual assistance is always supplemental to that assistance.
    Number and length of time people are displaced. This information may include
number of homes that are not habitable.  Teams also attempt to determine whether
the community has adequate housing resources to meet the needs of displaced
survivors for the time it takes to repair their home.
    Ability of the community to recover. Since disasters affect communities
differently, teams will collect and document specific characteristics of
each--such as demographic and economic data--that may impact their ability to
recover. In addition, it is important for the teams to document critical
infrastructure that may be unavailable for an extended period of time--i.e.
hospitals, schools, utilities and nursing homes--as this could also
significantly affect a community's ability to recover.
    Voluntary agency/state program assistance available. Local non-profit,
faith-based and community-based organizations contribute substantially to
response and recovery after a disaster.  Along with local and state governments,
these organizations often help survivors immediately after an emergency and, in
some cases, have the capability and resources to meet the recovery needs of the
affected areas. During the damage assessment, teams document whether, and to
what extent, these organizations may be able to meet the essential needs of
survivors.
    Extent of the business losses. The Small Business Administration (SBA) is
part of the team and assesses damage to businesses in affected communities. In
the event of a federal declaration, the SBA can make low interest loans
available to assist businesses as well as homeowners and renters with their
recovery costs. FEMA also considers whether the loss of critical businesses like
grocery stores, gas stations, or stores that sell building materials and
supplies in affected communities could impact recovery.

Once the damage assessments are complete, state officials use the damage totals
and impact data to determine whether the disaster meets established criteria and
can warrant the governor requesting a federal declaration and assistance.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              277 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 2, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: Ernst Statement on Federal Disaster Funding for Iowa Flooding in
September and October

LENGTH: 329  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Joni Ernst has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Senator Joni Ernst (R-IA) today released a statement after President Obama
issued a federal disaster declaration for 19 counties in the State of Iowa,
following the high winds, severe thunderstorms, heavy rains, hail, and flash
flooding that resulted in riverine flooding in Iowa between September 21 and
October 3, 2016. This comes following a letter of support sent by the Iowa
delegation to the President for a major disaster declaration after Governor
Branstad's request.





 "I am glad President Obama fulfilled Governor Branstad's request and issued a
major disaster declaration for the State of Iowa following the devastating
storms and flooding many of our eastern Iowa counties suffered in September and
October," said Senator Ernst.



 "However, it is imperative that the Army Corps of Engineers complete flood
mitigation projects in Eastern Iowa to help prevent damage from these storms in
the future and to avoid the continued need for emergency assistance," continued
Ernst. "Unfortunately, tapping into federal emergency funds has become routine
rather than investing in fixing the levees to help protect our communities. I
will continue to stress the urgent need for prioritization of this project until
the Corps completes the Cedar Rapids flood mitigation projects, as called for
under our provisions included in the Water Resources Development Act of 2016."



 The federal disaster declaration will allow the Federal Emergency Management
Agency (FEMA) to assist Allamakee, Benton, Black Hawk, Bremer, Buchanan, Butler,
Cerro Gordo, Chickasaw, Clayton, Delaware, Des Moines, Fayette, Floyd, Franklin,
Howard, Linn, Mitchell, Winneshiek, and Wright Counties, and all areas in Iowa
will be eligible for assistance under the Hazard Mitigation Grant Program.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              278 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Tribune Regional News

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            July 16, 2014 Wednesday

Obama Wants Localities to Prepare for Climate Change

BYLINE: Daniel C. Vock, Governing

SECTION: NATIONAL POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 478 words


July 16--The federal government will expand its efforts to help states and local
governments prepare for natural disasters and climate change, under a series of
actions announced by the White House July 16.

The measures include awarding utilities in eight states a total of $236 million
to improve rural electrical grids; providing drought assistance to parched
communities in the West; and expanding disaster relief to include projects that
would help minimize damage from future events.

President Barack Obama announced the actions as he met for the fourth and final
time with a 26-member task force of state, tribal and local officials studying
resilience.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) said it approved loans or grants for
local utilities in eight states: California, Florida, Georgia, Kansas, Kentucky,
Indiana, North Carolina and Virginia. By far the largest recipient is Sumter
Electric Cooperative in central Florida, which will receive $110 million to
build or improve more than 1,400 miles of line.

The USDA dedicated nearly $20 million of the awards for rolling out "smart grid"
technology, which is designed to increase reliability and better manage
resources during peak demand.

The USDA will also be providing more money for drought-stricken areas later this
week. "These funds will help rural communities that have experienced or are
likely to experience a significant decline in the quantity or quality of
drinking water due to severe drought and other emergencies," the White House
said in a release.

The Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) will begin work on a pilot
program to prepare communities for future disasters even as they recover from
current ones. The approach would involve partnering with states, local
governments and non-profit organizations to coordinate responses and funding.

FEMA is also working on incorporating responses to climate changes in plans
states are required to develop to prepare for disasters.

The administration also announced it would:

--Improve three-dimensional mapping by the U.S. Geological Survey to help
communities better prepare for flooding, coastal erosion, storm surges and water
planning.

--Launch pilot programs with the state of Colorado and the city of Houston to
increase cooperation between federal agencies and local communities in preparing
for "region-specific vulnerabilities" related to climate change.

--Incorporate planning for climate change in its criteria for $1.5 million in
competitive grants to states and tribes for coastal management programs.

The administration said Wednesday's actions were based on early feedback from
the task force group, which is scheduled to issue its final report this fall.

Daniel C. Vock  --  Staff Writer

dvock@governing.com  --  https://twitter.com/danvock

___ (c)2014 Governing Visit Governing at www.governing.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20140716-1GV-Obama-Wants-Localities-to-Prepare-for-Climate-Change-0716-20140716

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1GV


                                 Copyright 2014


                              279 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 30, 2014 Wednesday

Indiana: City to Accept Community Development Block Grant Applications

LENGTH: 523  words

DATELINE: Indianapolis


City of Evansvilla, The State of Indiana has issued the following news release:

Mayor Lloyd Winnecke announces the City of Evansville will accept applications
for the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development Community Development
Block Grant (CDBG) Program May 12 through June 5. Nonprofit agencies offering
public services are eligible to apply for CDBG grant funding for programs
ranging from daycare services, food providers, and many others.

The proposal must meet HUD requirements and the agency must attend a training
session to be held on May 8 at Central Library Browning Room B from 9:30 a.m. to
10:45 a.m. and have an in-office meeting with DMD staff after the proposal is
made. After proposals are determined to be eligible, they are reviewed by the
Citizens Advisory Committee, which is appointed by the Mayor.

The CAC recommendations are reviewed by the Mayor and are sent to the Evansville
City Council for approval. Kelley Coures, the Department of Metropolitan
Development (DMD) Community Development Coordinator, said in 2014 the city was
able to fund 36 out of 39 public service grant requests. Coures said the City
will have approximately $300,000 to allocate to public service activities for
the 2015 plan year.

In addition to the public service grant program, the City of Evansville also
funds assistance to homeowners with CDBG dollars in a variety of ways through
nonprofit agencies. One of the most successful programs using City allocated
CDBG funds is the Memorial Community Development Corporation Emergency Home
Repair Program.
The City launched the local Home Repair program in 2010 with $100,000 in grant
funds, and continued funding the program at that level in 2011 and 2012. Under
the leadership of Mayor Winnecke, the DMD sought City Council approval to
increase the funding to $284,000 in 2013. Karma Green-Johnson,

Director of Neighborhood Stabilization for Memorial CDC, said the program has
helped more than 35 families in 2014, including Kelly and Kevin Casper.

The Casper's home had fallen into disrepair creating an unsafe living
environment. The couple met income guidelines and was current on mortgage
payments and property taxes, making them eligible for assistance through
Memorial's Emergency Home Repair Program. Kelly Casper said contractors hired by
Memorial installed new waterlines and repaired a leaking kitchen sink, replaced
a cracked bathtub and the water-damaged subfloor under the tub, upgraded the
house electrical service, repaired the heater, installed a new air conditioning
unit, repaired structural damage to the living room ceiling, and installed new
steps and a handrail at the rear entrance.
Kelly Casper said the family could not afford to make the repairs without
financial assistance.

"It seems like after paying for everyday bills there is never enough money left
to fix the important things that need to be done," Kelly Casper said. "With help
from the Department of Metropolitan Development and the Memorial Emergency Home
Repair Program, we were able to fix our home and make it a safe place to live."

For further information please visit: http://www.vanderburghgov.org/

LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              280 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Gloucestershire Echo

                              July 18, 2008 Friday

We need to do more to avoid more devastation

SECTION: Pg. 10

LENGTH: 487 words


Mark Owen, chairman of the Gloucester branch of the Federation of Small
Businesses saw how the floods devastated the city's firms but  believes they
have bounced back. Now Mark, MD of Moose Partnership media agency,   warns that
more should be done to avoid a repeat

'"'MANY small businesses hit hard by last year's flood are only now recovering
from the downturn in trade, revenue and profits.

Here in Gloucester, it was the loss of water which had the most dramatic effect.
Many restaurants, pubs, hotels and B&Bs had to close at the same time as having
to pay staff.

The FSB was offered assistance, including advice, information and lobbying the
city and county council administrations to do as much as they could to help the
business community.

We issued flood recovery guidelines to ensure  businesses were able to make
insurance claims. The Gloucester branch dealt with hundreds of requests, while
the regional office handled thousands.

FSB officers and committee members are all volunteers, who took time away from
their own businesses to deal with the crisis.

Regional members spent countless days and evenings visiting many of those
affected on site.

Our central office offered grants of £5,000 interest free for those affected and
the regional officers played an enormous part in assessing, helping with
paperwork and assisting businesses to obtain these small but essential grants.

Simply offering this assistance was a tremendous strain for some FSB volunteers,
and since the floods last year, it is intended that future, assistance will come
directly from the national FSB branch network.

The national chairman of the FSB, John Wright, visited Gloucester during the
first week of the floods, meeting many of those affected.

This enabled him to relay the urgency of the situation and the central office
used its strength of more than 215,000 members to lobby the Government for
further assistance.

It was a tough time for many people but it did enable the business community to
rally round and help not just within its ranks but also in the wider community.

It demonstrated the resilience and ability of many small companies to bounce
back from critical adversity.

For the future, it seems like many companies got a bit of a wake-up call.

Most have now made some flood contingency plans and I think all are now aware of
how important it is to remove files and systems in the event of an emergency.

But not enough has been done. People are regarding this as a one-off, but
business owners are  concerned about what the future holds.

They want better back up for water and electricity infrastructure, so they don't
have to lose thousands in lost trade.

One thing is for certain, though, without the police, fire and ambulance
services, as well as the city and county councils, we wouldn't be in as good a
position as we are now. They worked incredibly hard just to keep the county
going and we are all incredibly grateful for that."

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 32


                      Copyright 2008 Gloucestershire Echo
                              All Rights Reserved


                              281 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                       Arthur Graphic-Clarion (Illinois)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                December 4, 2013

Rural Development helps storm victims

BYLINE: Arthur Graphic-Clarion staff

LENGTH: 242  words


USDA Rural Development announced last week that it stands ready to assist rural
communities that suffered losses from the severe storms and tornados that struck
Illinois in November.

Rural Development's housing programs can provide vpt to $20,000 in low interest
loans for home repairs.

The funding can be used to help families whose primary residences were damaged
or destroyed as the direct result of the storms.

Residents with damaged homes should first contact their insurance agent. Rural
Development provides loans for home repairs at one percent interest for up to 20
years for those who meet income criteria.

For residents purchasing or building a new home in the aftermath of the storms,
Rural Development can also assist with direct or guaranteed loans for homeowners
to obtain mortgages with no down payment.

Funding for municipalities (population up to 10,000) that have experienced a
significant decline in quantity and quality of water is also available through
Rural Development's Emergency Community Water Assistance Grant program. Grants
up to $500,000 may be available.

Rural Development is the lead federal agency for rural needs.

It provides financing and technical assistance to foster growth in
homeownership, business development, and community and technology
infrastructure.

More information on USDA Rural Development funding opportunities and contact
information for the Illinois offices is available on the web at
www.rurdev.us-da.gov/il.

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Community

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AGC

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                   Copyright 2013 The Arthur Graphic-Clarion


                              282 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                           August 11, 2010 Wednesday

Int'l community appealed for prompt support to flood victims

LENGTH: 502  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, Aug. 11 -- Several donor organizations,

working in the flood affected areas of Punjab and Khyber

Pakhtunkhwa have appealed to the international community to

support the victims generously and promptly in view of the scale

of disaster.

According to them, non-government organizations and

military and civil administration are engaged to ameliorate

the situation. However, the scale of tragedy is such that it

is difficult to address the problems to the satisfaction

of people.

"In this hour of trial, Pakistan needs support of its

friends and well wishers among the international community to

come to the help of the displaced persons," they said.

They claimed that irrigation channels, power

transmission system and telecommunication lines, schools, hospitals,

roads and bridges have been damaged in the affected areas beyond

imagination.

They said floods have not only caused death, disruption and

economic havoc for the people but also destroyed standing crops like

cotton and orchards, further reducing prospects for early recovery.

"In this time of need, the people living in the flood hit areas

don't need sympathies but they need immediate support from the

international community."

They expressed the hope that realizing the worst situation

in the flood affected areas, the international community will fully

support the affectees.

Meanwhile, Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA)

under the scheme of Equipment Supply for Disaster Relief has

delivered emergency supplies worth 20 million Japanese Yen for

the flood affectees.

The relief goods comprise 150 tents, 67 de-watering

pumps, 25 water purifiers and 20 water tanks. The assistance came

after the commitment made by the Government of Japan with the

Government of Pakistan.

Japan also has committed a grant aid worth US$ 3 million

for the flood affected areas which will soon be handed over to

Pakistan.

The European Commission has also announced 30 million Euros

for the flood affected people.

The North Atlantic Council has already tasked the Euro-

Atlantic Disaster Response Coordination Centre (EADRCC) at NATO

Headquarters in Brussels to act as a clearing-house for

humanitarian assistance offered by allies and partner nations to

Pakistan.

Similarly, the Australian government has announced doubling of

its aid to A$10 million - approximately 750 million rupees, to

assist in rescue and rehabilitation of the flood affected people.

With the additional assistance, Australia will provide $4

million to the World Food Programme to support the distribution

of food to the people displaced by the flooding.

The remaining $1 million will be provided to the United

Nations-managed Pakistan Emergency Response Fund to support the

provision of emergency food relief, shelter and basic health and

sanitation services by local non-government organizations already

active in affected areas Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right
Vision News. For any query with respect to this article or any other content
requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              283 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                   JANUARY 24, 1996 Wednesday SFCITY EDITION

CREWS ASSESSING PA. FLOOD DAMAGE< ASSISTANCE APPLICATIONS PILING IN TO U.S.
AGENCY

BYLINE: Robert Zausner and Russell E., Eshleman Jr., INQUIRER HARRISBURG BUREAU

SECTION: CITY & REGION; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 1308 words

DATELINE: HARRISBURG


Hundreds of government officials fanned out across Pennsylvania yesterday to
help local communities with the arduous task of determining the extent of flood
damage and, ultimately, who will pick up the bill.

Washington dispatched 30 teams of inspectors to decide whether to add counties
to the 26 already declared disaster areas, enabling residents to seek federal
aid. In addition, 90 inspectors were surveying personal property losses.

Residents had filed 4,470 assistance applications with the Federal Emergency
Management Agency (FEMA) by yesterday afternoon.

The American Red Cross estimated that 13,000 to 15,000 families had been
affected by the flooding, with 3,100 staying at its shelters Monday night. It
figured its costs for food, clothing, shelter and other items totaled about $2.5
million.

In Harrisburg, one of the hardest-hit areas, 1,200 people were still unable to
return to their homes. What's worse, said Mayor Stephen Reed, "several hundred"
probably will have to remain elsewhere for three to six months.

Reed had other grim news: At least one report that rains expected today and
tomorrow could again put the Susquehanna River and nearby tributaries above the
flood stage.

"We are in a state of readiness to deal with additional flooding," he said.

Locally, the hardest-hit area appears to have been Yardley, where an estimated
230 homes were damaged.

The Pennsylvania Emergency Management Agency (PEMA) sent about 300 officials
from various agencies to assist local officials in assessing damage to roads,
bridges, parks, buildings, water systems and other facilities.

The federal government can cover up to 75 percent of the cost of repairing the
municipal infrastructure as well as debris removal and other public services
that are approved under a public-assistance program.

"We have to build a case, on a county-by-county basis, that conditions create a
public health and safety hazard and [repairs] are beyond the reasonable ability
of local and county and state governments to effectively address," said John
Comey, spokesman for PEMA.

Gov. Ridge has estimated flood damage at $140 million. In addition to any public
assistance for municipalities, he has asked that 58 counties be declared
disaster sites so residents can be eligible for low-interest loans or grants.

Residents of disaster-designated counties can apply to FEMA within 60 days for
loans, most carrying interest rates as low as 4 percent, for repair of homes or
replacement of cars, clothing or other property.

FEMA's housing program also provides money for owners of damaged homes or
tenants of damaged buildings to live elsewhere; homeowners are eligible for
checks for three months' rent, while tenants can get payments for two months.

For those unable to repay loans or whose damages are not covered by other
programs, FEMA has a grant program that provides up to $12,900. A spokeswoman
for the agency, Barbara Yagerman, said the average grant is from $2,000 to
$3,000.

Federal inspectors who traveled to damaged homes yesterday were equipped with
computer equipment that allowed them to immediately register claim information
with FEMA's application-processing center.

"Once they've seen an inspector for FEMA housing assistance, they can expect a
check within seven to 10 days," Yagerman said.

Ridge also is seeking federal aid for an estimated $560 million in damage caused
by the massive snowstorm that preceded the floods, but federal officials have
refused it.

Literature distributed to the news media on Monday said the federal program
covers only major disasters resulting from "a hurricane, earthquake, flood,
tornado or major fire." Only costs for limited plowing of snow are covered, it
said.

Ridge said he was familiar with FEMA's policy, which he abbreviated to "No Dough
for Snow." But Ridge, a former congressman who helped rewrite sections of the
federal disaster-aid law in 1988, disputed FEMA's position.

His staff pointed to a parenthetical section in an amendment to the law that
includes "snowstorm" in the definition of a natural catastrophe. It also added
drought, mud slide, volcanic eruption and tsunami.

Ridge further contends that the blizzard is part of a single weather "event"
that deserves federal attention.

One official said yesterday that the state stands to receive additional funding
from the federal Department of Transportation, which already has kicked in $6
million for the road repairs.

"We're sure there was at least $6 million in damage. I would say there will
probably be something more once the waters recede and we can quantify what needs
to be done," said Andy Paven, a department spokesman.

Throughout Pennsylvania yesterday, residents and officials were just beginning
to assess the damage.

In Harrisburg, Mayor Reed said that on city-owned property alone, including
things such as streets and parks, damages total more than $23 million. That
figure could grow as teams evaluate City Island, a city-owned recreational area
in the Susquehanna.

Reed said officials only began yesterday to evaluate the island, which is the
home of Riverside Stadium, where the minor-league Harrisburg Senators play
baseball. He said the city has flood insurance covering replacement costs.

In Lycoming County, where six people perished, the devastation was caused by the
surging Lycoming Creek, which wrought havoc in townships along its banks. The
last big flood was in 1972, and it resulted in local zoning ordinances requiring
that new structures be above the highest level of that flood.

"That was the flood of record," said Les Gruver, Lycoming County Emergency
Management Agency coordinator. "This one was four feet higher than the flood of
record."

Farther down the river, damage-assessment teams were dispatched along
Susquehanna to nearby communities of Lancaster and York Counties in an attempt
to put a dollar figure on damages from the flood.

"We don't have a total at this point. Between the snow and the rain, which we
asked the feds to include as one, it's well into the millions," said Brenda
Pittman, duty officer of the Lancaster County Emergency Management Agency.

Pittman noted that officials from the state Department of Environmental
Protection were inspecting water- and sewage-treatment plants that serve 35
municipalities.

Conrail spokesman Bob Sullivan said 96 cars from the 124-car freight train that
was trapped in ice near the river in Highville, Lancaster County, on Saturday
had been removed by late morning yesterday.

"We're looking right now at having service restored [tonight]," he said.

In Marietta, Chief Pete Armold of the Pioneer Fire Company said one of the
frustrating tasks yesterday was to have to return to homes whose basements had
been pumped out Monday.

"We're repumping some where water's coming back in," he said. "It's backwater
now. The ground's saturated and the river's still high, so it's seepage [coming]
back in."

Across the river, in York County, assessment teams pegged the damage at $4
million and climbing. Among the areas hardest-hit was Long Level, where homes,
businesses and boats sustained substantial damage.

Officials of Safe Harbor Water Power Corp. said that aside from the loss of a
"skimmer wall," which keeps floating debris from the company's generators, the
dam had been able to handle the increased ice and water flow without a problem.

"Most of the ice is through, but we still have 20- and 30-foot [accumulations]
stacked up like an iceberg," said Hilmar Hagen, the plant's human resources
director.

Lt. Gov. Mark Schweiker toured Yardley, where the streets were still filled with
mud and chunks of ice.

"If you don't have respect for Mother Nature now," he said, surveying the
damage, "you never will."

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO AND MAP;
PHOTO (4)
1. River Deck Cafe employees (from left) Jason Mocrytzki, Mark Zataveski and
Shawn Mignona take on the depressing task of disposing of beer in Manayunk. The
Liquor Control Board ordered it tossed after flooding. Across Pennsylvania,
teams were assessing flood damage in many communities. (The Philadelphia
Inquirer, DIRK SHADD) (A01)
2. U.S. Army Corps of Engineers worker Keith Ulintz shovels mud at the Emsworth
Lock and Dam, on the Ohio River near Pittsburgh. It is in one of the counties
declared disaster areas. (Associated Press, KEITH SRAKOCIC)
3. Marine Corps Maj. Frank Topley (left) and Navy Lt. Cmdr. Cliff Griffin haul a
slab of ice away from a home in the Shipoke section of Harrisburg. Some capital
residents face months away from their homes. (Associated Press, PAUL VATHIS)
4. Ed Gifford of Gifford & Sons hoses down employee lockers at the River Deck
Cafe in the Manayunk section of Philadelphia. Employees of the restaurant also
worked yesterday to clean up after the flood. The hardest-hit area in the region
appeared to be Yardley. (The Philadelphia Inquirer, DIRK SHADD)
MAP (1)
1. Flood Relief (The Philadelphia Inquirer)

                  Copyright 1996 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              284 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 18, 2016 Friday

Washington: Nearly $700,000 Awarded in FEMA Public Assistance Grants for
Northern Idaho

LENGTH: 589  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Federal Emergency Management Agency has issued the following news
release:



 Federal grants to help northern Idaho communities recover from severe winter
storms late last year have reached nearly $700,000, according to officials with
the Idaho Bureau of Homeland Security (IBHS) and the Federal Emergency
Management Agency (FEMA). This figure is expected to continue to grow. The
grants were made available under major presidential disaster declarations for a
November windstorm and severe storms in December.





 The grants come through FEMA's Public Assistance (PA) program, which reimburses
state and local governments, federally recognized tribes and certain private
nonprofit organizations for eligible disaster-related expenses. Funding may
cover emergency protective measures, debris removal and the repair or
replacement of disaster-damaged infrastructure.



 "Northern Idaho counties suffered significant damage and upheaval following a
late November wind storm, followed just weeks later by a severe winter storm
event," said IBHS Director Brad Richy. "Over these past few months, IBHS and
FEMA have forged a strong partnership with our PA applicants in order to
expedite the approval process."



 The FEMA grants obligated to the state for eligible applicants include:



     $171,970 to Kootenai Electric Cooperative for debris removal, power
restoration and emergency protective measures;



     $133,083 to Inland Power and Light for power restoration;



     $76,039 to the City of Plummer for debris removal, electric distribution
and emergency protective measures;



     $65,604 to Kootenai County for debris removal;



     $64,518 to Northern Lights, Inc. for debris removal;



     $50,528 to the Lake Highway District for debris removal;



     $41,692 to Clearwater Power Co. for electrical distribution repairs;



     $36,791 to the Coeur d'Alene Tribe for emergency protective measures,
damaged buildings and contents, and Internet utility repairs; and



     $30,552 to the Worley Highway District for debris removal.



     Smaller grants totaling about $19,000 for building and equipment repairs
have been obligated to towns, school districts and water and sewage plant work.



 "Although PA dollars go to governments and nonprofits after a disaster, they
benefit everyone in a community," said Federal Coordinating Officer Dolph
Diemont of FEMA. "The money helps protect people and property, clean up
neighborhoods, haul away disaster debris, put utilities back in order, and
repair roads and bridges that residents use every day."



 The Dec. 23, 2015, major disaster declaration for the Nov. 17, 2015, severe
storm and straight-line winds provides assistance to eligible applicants in
Benewah, Bonner, Boundary and Kootenai counties and the Coeur d'Alene Tribe. The
Feb. 1, 2016, declaration for the Dec. 16-27, 2015, severe winter storms
provides assistance for applicants in Benewah, Bonner and Kootenai counties.



 Under the PA program, FEMA reimburses eligible applicants for at least 75
percent of their eligible and documented expenses, while the remainder is the
non-federal share. FEMA pays the federal portion directly to the state, which
administers and disburses the grants.



 Both disaster declarations provide cost-share grants for hazard mitigation
projects undertaken by state, tribal and local governments to prevent or reduce
long-term risk to life and property during future disasters.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              285 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Daily World (Aberdeen, Washington)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           January 22, 2015 Thursday

FEMA assistance unlikely but still possible

BYLINE: Corey Morris, The Daily World, Aberdeen, Wash.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1024 words


Jan. 22--Flood-stricken residents waiting patiently for federal assistance may
find it wanting.

As it stands, the state has not documented enough damage to qualify for federal
assistance through the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA), said Mark
Stewart, a spokesman for state Emergency Management, a division of the
Washington Military Department.

Stewart is encouraging residents to fill out damage assessment forms, keeping in
tune with county and local officials who have encouraged the same since the
evening of the Jan. 5 flood.

Two programs could be available for the Harbor. The first, The Public Assistance
Program, would help fund repairs to public entities and infrastructure, like
city buildings and water lines. The other, the Individual and Human Services
Program, would assist homeowners and residents.

To qualify for the Public Assistance Program through FEMA, two financial
thresholds must be met. At the local level, each county must incur damage
amounting to at least $3.56 per person countywide. Additionally, the damage must
total $1.41 per person statewide, or approximately $9.5 million, Stewart said.

"While it looks like Grays Harbor, Pacific and Wahkiakum counties can make their
thresholds, it'll still be short on the state part," Stewart said on Tuesday.

Another program, the Individual and Human Services Program would help
individuals who were uninsured or under-insured. That program has no specified
threshold, but it is selective, meaning some communities incurring more damage
from disasters than the Harbor have applied but not received assistance.

"We're not seeing the amount of damage that will allow us to seek Individual and
Human Services Program assistance," Stewart said. "We have fewer than 50 homes
in that category right now. We're hoping we can make the threshold, but we can't
guarantee anything."

To put the situation into context, the Carlton Complex fire in Okanogan County
last summer destroyed some 300 homes and did not meet the threshold, Stewart
said.

Homes qualifying for that program will have claimed uninsured damages amounting
to at least 40 percent of the home's total value, Stewart said. If that program
is put into motion, an inspection by FEMA representatives would take place and
checks would be issued to cover some expenses for building materials,
appliances, furniture, clothing and other necessities lost to the flood.

Additionally, if that program was put into effect, it wouldn't act as a
cure-all. The maximum amount residents could receive from the Individual and
Human Services Program is $32,900. The average amount received nationwide is
between $2,000 and $5,000.

"Sometimes folks think, 'I've got FEMA to cover me,' but it's not what they
think it is," Stewart said.

The state's Emergency Management division has been offering technical assistance
to local governments to ensure damage assessments are readily available and
easily accessible. The number of people who fill out damage assessment forms
directly correlates to any federal assistance eligibility.

"Homeowners, if they were impacted and have not reported yet -- they need to do
that," Stewart said.

Damage assessment teams have visited and received reports from Grays Harbor,
Lewis, Pacific, Skagit, Snohomish, Thurston and Wahkiakum counties, gathering
information that will be sent to FEMA in applying for federal assistance. If all
thresholds were met for FEMA assistance, the state would then need to make a
formal request to President Barack Obama through FEMA.

Without FEMA, the Small Business Administration Disaster Loan Program, a federal
program, could become available to residents -- homeowners, business owners and
renters alike -- offering low-interest loans for repairs, rather than grants.
Because that program offers loans, those who are approved will have to undergo a
credit check.

The state must first seek assistance through the program before individuals can
apply.

Stewart reminds residents that any residual cleanup should be completed
immediately. At this point, more than two weeks after the flood, the water will
have encouraged mold growth, which can be detrimental to personal health and can
cause further damage to property.

"If anyone's been delaying cleanup, they need to do that," Stewart said.

Various state agencies have stepped forward to help residents of Grays Harbor
after the flooding. The Small Business Administration has been coordinating with
Emergency Management and FEMA to identify potential eligibility for relief funds
to small businesses.

Technical assistance has been initiated to Grays Harbor by the state to assist
in conducting a public infrastructure damage assessment and a joint, preliminary
damage assessment with the Small Business Administration, Grays Harbor and an
Emergency Management representative. Verification of reported losses has been
scheduled for Wednesday.

The state Department of Transportation has worked with Emergency Management on a
request from the county for deployment of variable message signs to advertise
recovery centers. Any damage to state transportation infrastructure would
require separate assistance not available to local communities or individuals.

The state Department of Ecology gave the county $30,000 in assistance to help in
creating the flood debris removal voucher system that was approved by county
commissioners last week and implemented throughout the weekend at the LeMay
Enterprises Transfer Station in Aberdeen. The state Department of Commerce and
Hoquiam City Administrator Brian Shay have been looking at Community Development
Block Grants and other local government funds to replace permanently damaged
sewer lines.

Anyone who needs flood assistance of any kind or questions about emergency
relief should contact the Coastal Community Action Program at (360) 533-5100
ext. 151 or email barbm@coastalcap.org

Renters and homeowners can report damages to Grays Harbor County Emergency
Management at this link:
http://www.co.grays-harbor.wa.us/info/DEM/EMailEMD140.asp

___ (c)2015 The Daily World, Aberdeen, Wash. Visit The Daily World, Aberdeen,
Wash. at thedailyworld.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150122-1AW-FEMA-assistance-unlikely-but-still-possible-0122-20150122

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1AW


                                 Copyright 2015


                              286 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                Sunday Mail (SA)

                            January 16, 2005 Sunday

FIRE: THE RECOVERY;
Picking up the pieces;
Counsellors  on  hand  to  help

BYLINE: Leisha Petrys

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 529 words


EXTRA trauma counsellors will be brought into the fire-damaged towns to help
those traumatised.

The State Government announced yesterday that from next week up to six
professional counsellors would work with the people on the Eyre Peninsula and
more would follow in the coming weeks.

Health Minister Lea Stevens, who is spending the weekend in the region, said so
far many in the community had not taken advantage of professional counsellors.

"There is a problem here that people feel they have to be stoic - and that's
been great because it has helped people to cope, but they don't need to feel
they have to avail themselves of services and support," she said.

"What I would advise is for people to register, even if they don't think they
need something now, in the coming weeks and months that may change."

Community forums will be held in towns like Wanilla and North Shields, where
people will have a chance to seek emotional support.

"Members of the public will learn what they can expect in relation to handling
these devastating experiences," Ms Stevens said.

"Even if it is not just for themselves, but how they can help their neighbours,
their friends and their children."

She said there would be a range of different counselling options from GPs, to
CFS and MFS professionals trained in helping people through trauma and those
specialising in helping farmers.

The extra support for mental health services is among a number of State
Government grants tailored for those affected by Black Tuesday.

"It has been heartening to see such community spirit on the Lower Eyre Peninsula
in the face of disaster; united, the region will recover," Premier Mike Rann
said.

"I've asked all agencies to err on the side of speed and compassion in getting
things done and getting assistance out to people who need it."

Financial assistance will also include:

EXCEPTIONAL Circumstances Family Grant - A hardship grant of $5000 for families
severely impacted by the fire to help with repairs of fire damage of family
housing, vehicles or furniture and personal effects.

BEREAVEMENT Assistance Grant - $9000 contribution for people suffering
bereavement; this covers expenses for funeral costs and relatives' travel.
Additional funds will be available for families who lost more than one loved
one.

RETURN-to-School Grant - Funding for uniforms, books, equipment and public
school fees for students of families affected by the fire.

LOCAL Government Support - $150,000 each provided to the Tumby Bay and Lower
Eyre Peninsula District Councils for the immediate mopping up costs and
restoration of buildings and services.

EMERGENCY Farm Business Support Grant - $10,000 to enable farmers to purchase
emergency fodder, water, temporary fencing, transport of livestock, and
emergency repairs.

EMERGENCY Small Business Support Grant - Up to $10,0000 to assist business
revival for those whose business premises, stock or tools of trade have been
destroyed or where the fire caused a serious loss of business.

TRANSPORT subsidy for donated fodder - Reimburse full cost of transporting
donated fodder to properties within the bushfire area.

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: SUM

                   Copyright 2005 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              287 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                Sunday Mail (SA)

                            January 16, 2005 Sunday

FIRE: THE RECOVERY;
Picking up the pieces

BYLINE: Leisha Petrys

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 529 words


EXTRA trauma counsellors will be brought into the fire-damaged towns to help
those traumatised.

The State Government announced yesterday that from next week up to six
professional counsellors would work with the people on the Eyre Peninsula and
more would follow in the coming weeks.

Health Minister Lea Stevens, who is spending the weekend in the region, said so
far many in the community had not taken advantage of professional counsellors.

"There is a problem here that people feel they have to be stoic - and that's
been great because it has helped people to cope, but they don't need to feel
they have to avail themselves of services and support," she said.

"What I would advise is for people to register, even if they don't think they
need something now, in the coming weeks and months that may change."

Community forums will be held in towns like Wanilla and North Shields, where
people will have a chance to seek emotional support.

"Members of the public will learn what they can expect in relation to handling
these devastating experiences," Ms Stevens said.

"Even if it is not just for themselves, but how they can help their neighbours,
their friends and their children."

She said there would be a range of different counselling options from GPs, to
CFS and MFS professionals trained in helping people through trauma and those
specialising in helping farmers.

The extra support for mental health services is among a number of State
Government grants tailored for those affected by Black Tuesday.

"It has been heartening to see such community spirit on the Lower Eyre Peninsula
in the face of disaster; united, the region will recover," Premier Mike Rann
said.

"I've asked all agencies to err on the side of speed and compassion in getting
things done and getting assistance out to people who need it."

Financial assistance will also include:

EXCEPTIONAL Circumstances Family Grant - A hardship grant of $5000 for families
severely impacted by the fire to help with repairs of fire damage of family
housing, vehicles or furniture and personal effects.

BEREAVEMENT Assistance Grant - $9000 contribution for people suffering
bereavement; this covers expenses for funeral costs and relatives' travel.
Additional funds will be available for families who lost more than one loved
one.

RETURN-to-School Grant - Funding for uniforms, books, equipment and public
school fees for students of families affected by the fire.

LOCAL Government Support - $150,000 each provided to the Tumby Bay and Lower
Eyre Peninsula District Councils for the immediate mopping up costs and
restoration of buildings and services.

EMERGENCY Farm Business Support Grant - $10,000 to enable farmers to purchase
emergency fodder, water, temporary fencing, transport of livestock, and
emergency repairs.

EMERGENCY Small Business Support Grant - Up to $10,0000 to assist business
revival for those whose business premises, stock or tools of trade have been
destroyed or where the fire caused a serious loss of business.

TRANSPORT subsidy for donated fodder - Reimburse full cost of transporting
donated fodder to properties within the bushfire area.

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: SUM

                   Copyright 2005 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              288 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 17, 2014 Monday

Washington: HERKIMER HOUSING AUTHORITY REBUILDS WITH HELP FROM NATIONAL GRID

LENGTH: 636  words

DATELINE: Washington


USA National Grid has issued the following news release:

National Grid and the Herkimer Housing Authority today announced an Emergency
Economic Development incentive to help offset costs associated with restoration
of the Housing Authority's facility in Herkimer, N.Y.

In June 2013, the facility was severely damaged during the Mohawk Valley flood
in which thousands of National Grid's electric and natural gas customers across
the Mohawk Valley, especially in the hardest hit areas from the Oneida region
east to Fort Plain, had their services impacted. Flood waters compromised
basements, weakened or damaged foundations, and compromised electrical panels,
furnaces and other end-use equipment.

"This past summer, we saw firsthand the devastation wrought by the Mohawk Valley
flood on area businesses and communities," said Melanie Littlejohn, National
Grid regional executive of Central New York. "In addition to the immediate need
to restore electric and gas service to customers following the flood, National
Grid committed to long-term recovery efforts in the region. Through Emergency
Economic Development programs like this, we are able to rebuild the Mohawk
Valley and assist local businesses where rebuilding quickly is crucial to
economic recovery in the area."

National Grid's Emergency Economic Development program provided the Herkimer
Housing Authority with $50,000 in flood recovery funding to defray the cost to
rebuild their offices at 315 N. Prospect St. in Herkimer.

"We are truly grateful to National Grid for the recovery funding of $50,000
which helped defray the cost of restoring the lower level of the Mid-Town
Apartment building," said Richard Dowe, executive director, Herkimer Housing
Authority. "The damages included not only the administrative offices, but the
two elevators, common areas, laundry room and mechanical and boiler rooms. This
was a great inconvenience for our residents."

Launched in July 2013, the Emergency Economic Development program was designed
to provide short-term support to communities and businesses in the Mohawk Valley
and provide up to $2 million in aid to complement funding allocated through
federal and state/city programs, insurance, or other emergency sources. The
Herkimer Housing Authority project is one of 36 eligible project applications
that National Grid received. To date, the company has approved 24 grants
totaling more than $664,000 in grants through the Mohawk Valley program.

During the flood, the Herkimer Housing Authority endured more than 7 feet of
water at its North Prospect Street facility. The basement offices, conference
room, community room, maintenance areas, and laundry facilities were all
destroyed. Additionally, 23 vehicles parked in the facility's parking lot were
submerged by excess water which also damaged the building's elevators, electric
units, and hot water tanks.

"As a member of the Herkimer County Chamber of Commerce we know the importance
of the Herkimer Housing Authority to the Village of Herkimer so our concern for
them when the damage occurred was paramount," said John Scarano, executive
director, Herkimer County Chamber of Commerce. "With the help of National Grid,
the Herkimer Housing Authority was up and running again with state of the art
improvements. Our thanks go out to National Grid and certainly to the efforts of
the Herkimer Housing Authority for all they have accomplished to make Herkimer a
better place to live."

Costs of restoration at the facility totaled more than $750,000. In addition to
National Grid's assistance, the Herkimer Housing Authority received funding from
New York State and the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA). Restoration
of the facility started immediately following the flood and is now complete.

For more information please visit: http://www.nationalgridus.com

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              289 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Las Cruces Sun-News (New Mexico)

                           February 26, 2008 Tuesday

Federal funds to be disbursed to local groups that help hungry and homeless

BYLINE: By Jason Gibbs/Sun-News reporter

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 520 words


LAS CRUCES   Doña Ana County is in line to receive more than $84,000 to help
those most in need.

U.S. Sens. Pete Domenici, R - N.M. and Jeff Bingaman, D-N.M., announced Tuesday
that 21 New Mexico counties will share a total of $803,809 in federal emergency
food and shelter grants to assist the hungry and homeless in their areas.

Doña Ana County received the second-highest allocation, behind Bernalillo
County. But, the funding allocated this year may fall short of last year's,
leaving local nonprofit organizations to make up the difference, said Bernadine
Dallago, chairwoman of the local Emergency Food & Shelter Board.

Under the terms of the National Board, local organizations chosen to receive
funds must be private, voluntary non-profits or units of government, have an
accounting system and practice non-discrimination, Dallago said.

Other criteria that must be met by organizations looking to receive grant money
include demonstrating the capability to deliver emergency food and/or shelter
and if a private voluntary organization, they must have a voluntary board.

"Public or private voluntary organizations interested in applying for Emergency
Food and Shelter Program funds must meet certain criteria and meet a March 7,
2008, deadline," Dallago said. "We should be awarding the funds in mid-March.
Then we should know how much our local nonprofits have to make up."

Applications can be picked up from the United Way of Southwest New Mexico, 106
S. Water St. in Las Cruces or by e-mail to bernadine_dallago@usw.sal
vationarmy.org.

The county has distributed emergency food and shelter funds previously with
participating agencies. The agencies receiving funding include La Casa, Casa de
Peregrinos, Community Action Agency, Las Cruces Gospel Rescue Mission, the
Salvation Army, El Caldito Soup Kitchen, Community of Hope, Jardin de los Ninos,
Quality Senior Services (Meals on Wheels), Light House Food Closet and Family &
Youth Shelter.

The grant is provided through the Emergency Food and Shelter Program
administered by the Federal Emergency Management Administration, an arm of the
Department of Homeland Security.

"The Emergency Food and Shelter Program has worked to help New Mexicans in need.
It is directed to those organizations that work directly with the needy, which
is critical to get aid where it is needed most," said Domenici, who serves on
the Senate Appropriations Subcommittee that funds FEMA and other DHS programs.

The EFS grants provide emergency assistance to supplement community efforts to
meet food, shelter, and other related needs of the homeless and poor. In New
Mexico, more than 90 nonprofit, voluntary and social service organizations have
received EFS grants.

Most of this money is allocated by local boards with representatives from
religious and charitable organizations. The boards guarantee that the funding is
directed to areas where it is most needed, and that all money is accounted for.

The grant recipients may use the funding on food and shelter, or emergency
one-month assistance with rent, mortgage, and utility payments.

Jason Gibbs can be reached at jgibbs@lcsun-news.com

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2008 Las Cruces Sun-News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              290 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Western Magazine

                               November 20, 2013

BYLINE: Grace Ryan

SECTION: COMMUNITY

LENGTH: 549  words


The NSW Government today announced an additional package of emergency in-drought
support measures for primary producers and communities in North West NSW.

Deputy Premier, Andrew Stoner and Minister for Primary Industries, Katrina
Hodgkinson allocated $7.6 million to the emergency support measures for Bourke,
Brewarrina and Walgett local government areas.

The package includes up to $20,000 per producer in the form of a Transport
Assistance Reimbursement, backdated to July 1, 2014, up to $30,000 per producer
for Emergency Water Infrastructure Grants, which the Commonwealth Government has
indicated it will match.

The NSW Government also allocated additional funding for the Rural Support
Worker Program and a drought incident coordinator, the waiving of Western Lands
Lease Payments, the waiving of Wild Dog Destruction Board rates and Transport
Subsidies for Animal Welfare, focused on stock going to sale or slaughter where
there is significant risk to animal welfare, which will remain while drought
conditions persist.

The NSW Farmers' tweeted they were pleased with the new round of funding.

Mr Stoner said the package of assistance package, which follows drought
preparedness and in-drought support measures announced on October 30, is
recognition of the plight many landholders in North West NSW currently face.

"Landholders and communities in North West NSW are currently dealing with
extraordinarily difficult circumstances," Mr Stoner said.

"While the NSW Government is moving towards preparing farmers for drought rather
than providing in-drought crisis support, there is currently a critical need to
provide immediate assistance."

Ms Hodgkinson said the package brings NSW into line with assistance provided in
drought-stricken areas of Queensland and is in addition the assistance measures
announced on October 30,2013.

The earlier measures include a new $20 million Farm Innovation Fund, to provide
primary producers with loans at concessional interest rates for in-drought and
drought preparedness measures; $4.4 million to fund phase three of the popular
Cap and Pipe the Bores Program.

As well as the deferral of Special Conservation Scheme and Natural Disaster
loans by the Rural Assistance Authority on a case-by-case basis and deferral of
Livestock Health and Pest Authority rates for producers in the Brewarrina,
Walgett and Bourke local government areas.

Ms Hodgkinson said many of the producers in North West NSW have prepared to the
best extent possible.

"However this scenario clearly illustrates that no matter how well producers may
prepare for drought, it is impossible to completely drought-proof a property,"
Ms Hodgkinson said.

"Primary production is critical to these communities and the NS Government
recognises that helping farmers will assist to preserve the social and economic
fabric of the community at large."

"I have been acutely aware of the situation facing primary producers and rural
communities in North West NSW and have worked as quickly as possible to develop
a package of preparedness and in-drought support measures," Ms Hodgkinson said.

Regional Assistance Advisory Committee Chair David Palmer said the committee
will continue to monitor the seasonal conditions across NSW and will provide
feedback and advice to the NSW Government as required.

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2013 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              291 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 20, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: Schumer, Gillibrand Announce More Than $2.7 Million In Federal FEMA
Funds For Village Of Cobleskill In Schoharie County

LENGTH: 472  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Kirsten Gillibrand has issued the following
news release:



 U.S. Senators Charles E. Schumer and Kirsten Gillibrand today announced
$2,769,000 in federal funding for Village of Cobleskill. The funding is being
provided through the Federal Emergency Management Agency's (FEMA) Hazard
Mitigation Grant Program (HMGP). The grant will fund several critical
improvements to the Cobleskill Water System in order to prevent the loss of
water service and ensure that the system meets safety and quality standards.
This grant funds Phase II of a two-phase project. Phase I was previously funded
by a $481,680 federal grant. Specifically, these Phase II funds will allow the
Village to construct new spillway structures on the Dow and Smith Reservoirs to
ensure that they comply with state safety standards. The project will also
increase the reservoirs' storage capacity in order to ensure that the Village
continues to meet residents' water needs. Additionally, hazardous material will
be removed from the reservoirs to ensure that water quality continues to meet
state standards.





 "This is a big win for Schoharie County," said Senator Schumer. "The federal
government must help ensure that our families have reliable access to clean
drinking water. This federal grant will allow Cobleskill to expand and improve
its water system so it can continue delivering safe, high-quality water to every
resident. I'm committed to keeping up the fight to maintain water systems in
local communities across the Capital Region and all of Upstate New York."



 "This federal funding will help enable the Village of Cobleskill to make
important water infrastructure improvements that will help protect public
health, and increase drinking water storage," said Senator Gillibrand, a member
of the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee. " As the village moves
forward with this project, these resources will help ensure the Cobleskill Water
System meets New York State water quality standards. I will continue to fight in
the Senate to make sure our communities have the resources they need to maintain
our aging water infrastructure and ensure continued access to clean drinking
water."



 The purpose of FEMA's HMGP program is to help communities implement hazard
mitigation measures following a Presidential major disaster declaration.  Hazard
mitigation is any action taken to reduce or eliminate long term risk to people
and property from natural hazards.  Mitigation planning is a key process used to
breaking the cycle of disaster damage, reconstruction, and repeated damage. The
HMPG is authorized under Section 404 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief
and Emergency Assistance Act.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com a

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              292 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 20, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: Schumer, Gillibrand Announce More Than $2.7 Million In Federal FEMA
Funds For Village Of Cobleskill In Schoharie County

LENGTH: 472  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Kirsten Gillibrand has issued the following
news release:



 U.S. Senators Charles E. Schumer and Kirsten Gillibrand today announced
$2,769,000 in federal funding for Village of Cobleskill. The funding is being
provided through the Federal Emergency Management Agency's (FEMA) Hazard
Mitigation Grant Program (HMGP). The grant will fund several critical
improvements to the Cobleskill Water System in order to prevent the loss of
water service and ensure that the system meets safety and quality standards.
This grant funds Phase II of a two-phase project. Phase I was previously funded
by a $481,680 federal grant. Specifically, these Phase II funds will allow the
Village to construct new spillway structures on the Dow and Smith Reservoirs to
ensure that they comply with state safety standards. The project will also
increase the reservoirs' storage capacity in order to ensure that the Village
continues to meet residents' water needs. Additionally, hazardous material will
be removed from the reservoirs to ensure that water quality continues to meet
state standards.





 "This is a big win for Schoharie County," said Senator Schumer. "The federal
government must help ensure that our families have reliable access to clean
drinking water. This federal grant will allow Cobleskill to expand and improve
its water system so it can continue delivering safe, high-quality water to every
resident. I'm committed to keeping up the fight to maintain water systems in
local communities across the Capital Region and all of Upstate New York."



 "This federal funding will help enable the Village of Cobleskill to make
important water infrastructure improvements that will help protect public
health, and increase drinking water storage," said Senator Gillibrand, a member
of the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee. " As the village moves
forward with this project, these resources will help ensure the Cobleskill Water
System meets New York State water quality standards. I will continue to fight in
the Senate to make sure our communities have the resources they need to maintain
our aging water infrastructure and ensure continued access to clean drinking
water."



 The purpose of FEMA's HMGP program is to help communities implement hazard
mitigation measures following a Presidential major disaster declaration.  Hazard
mitigation is any action taken to reduce or eliminate long term risk to people
and property from natural hazards.  Mitigation planning is a key process used to
breaking the cycle of disaster damage, reconstruction, and repeated damage. The
HMPG is authorized under Section 404 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief
and Emergency Assistance Act.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com a

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              293 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 16, 2016 Friday

Washington: SCHUMER, GILLIBRAND ANNOUNCE MORE THAN $2.7 MILLION IN FEDERAL FEMA
FUNDS FOR VILLAGE OF COBLESKILL IN SCHOHARIE COUNTY

LENGTH: 472  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Charles E. Schumer has issued the following
news release:



 U.S. Senators Charles E. Schumer and Kirsten Gillibrand today announced
$2,769,000 in federal funding for the Village of Cobleskill. The funding is
being provided through the Federal Emergency Management Agency's (FEMA) Hazard
Mitigation Grant Program (HMGP). The grant will fund several critical
improvements to the Cobleskill Water System in order to prevent the loss of
water service and ensure that the system meets safety and quality standards.
This grant funds Phase II of a two-phase project. Phase I was previously funded
by a $481,680 federal grant. Specifically, these Phase II funds will allow the
Village to construct new spillway structures on the Dow and Smith Reservoirs to
ensure that they comply with state safety standards. The project will also
increase the reservoirs' storage capacity in order to ensure that the Village
continues to meet residents' water needs. Additionally, hazardous material will
be removed from the reservoirs to ensure that water quality continues to meet
state standards.





 "This is a big win for Schoharie County," said Senator Schumer. "The federal
government must help ensure that our families have reliable access to clean
drinking water. This federal grant will allow Cobleskill to expand and improve
its water system so it can continue delivering safe, high-quality water to every
resident. I'm committed to keeping up the fight to maintain water systems in
local communities across the Capital Region and all of Upstate New York.



 "This federal funding will help enable the Village of Cobleskill to make
important water infrastructure improvements that will help protect public
health, and increase drinking water storage," said Senator Gillibrand, a member
of the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee. " As the village moves
forward with this project, these resources will help ensure the Cobleskill Water
System meets New York State water quality standards. I will continue to fight in
the Senate to make sure our communities have the resources they need to maintain
our aging water infrastructure and ensure continued access to clean drinking
water."



 The purpose of FEMA's HMGP program is to help communities implement hazard
mitigation measures following a Presidential major disaster declaration.  Hazard
mitigation is any action taken to reduce or eliminate long term risk to people
and property from natural hazards.  Mitigation planning is a key process used to
breaking the cycle of disaster damage, reconstruction, and repeated damage. The
HMPG is authorized under Section 404 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief
and Emergency Assistance Act.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              294 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 19, 2016 Saturday

Maine: Nearly $700,000 Awarded in FEMA Public Assistance Grants for Northern
Idaho

LENGTH: 593  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Augusta: Department of Federal Emergency Management, The state of Maine has
issued the following news release:



 Federal grants to help northern Idaho communities recover from severe winter
storms late last year have reached nearly $700,000, according to officials with
the Idaho Bureau of Homeland Security (IBHS) and the Federal Emergency
Management Agency (FEMA). This figure is expected to continue to grow. The
grants were made available under major presidential disaster declarations for a
November windstorm and severe storms in December.





 The grants come through FEMA's Public Assistance (PA) program, which reimburses
state and local governments, federally recognized tribes and certain private
nonprofit organizations for eligible disaster-related expenses. Funding may
cover emergency protective measures, debris removal and the repair or
replacement of disaster-damaged infrastructure.



 "Northern Idaho counties suffered significant damage and upheaval following a
late November wind storm, followed just weeks later by a severe winter storm
event," said IBHS Director Brad Richy. "Over these past few months, IBHS and
FEMA have forged a strong partnership with our PA applicants in order to
expedite the approval process."



 The FEMA grants obligated to the state for eligible applicants include:



     $171,970 to Kootenai Electric Cooperative for debris removal, power
restoration and emergency protective measures;



     $133,083 to Inland Power and Light for power restoration;



     $76,039 to the City of Plummer for debris removal, electric distribution
and emergency protective measures;



     $65,604 to Kootenai County for debris removal;



     $64,518 to Northern Lights, Inc. for debris removal;



     $50,528 to the Lake Highway District for debris removal;



     $41,692 to Clearwater Power Co. for electrical distribution repairs;



     $36,791 to the Coeur d'Alene Tribe for emergency protective measures,
damaged buildings and contents, and Internet utility repairs; and



     $30,552 to the Worley Highway District for debris removal.



     Smaller grants totaling about $19,000 for building and equipment repairs
have been obligated to towns, school districts and water and sewage plant work.



 "Although PA dollars go to governments and nonprofits after a disaster, they
benefit everyone in a community," said Federal Coordinating Officer Dolph
Diemont of FEMA. "The money helps protect people and property, clean up
neighborhoods, haul away disaster debris, put utilities back in order, and
repair roads and bridges that residents use every day."



 The Dec. 23, 2015, major disaster declaration for the Nov. 17, 2015, severe
storm and straight-line winds provides assistance to eligible applicants in
Benewah, Bonner, Boundary and Kootenai counties and the Coeur d'Alene Tribe. The
Feb. 1, 2016, declaration for the Dec. 16-27, 2015, severe winter storms
provides assistance for applicants in Benewah, Bonner and Kootenai counties.



 Under the PA program, FEMA reimburses eligible applicants for at least 75
percent of their eligible and documented expenses, while the remainder is the
non-federal share. FEMA pays the federal portion directly to the state, which
administers and disburses the grants.



 Both disaster declarations provide cost-share grants for hazard mitigation
projects undertaken by state, tribal and local governments to prevent or reduce
long-term risk to life and property during future disasters.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              295 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 2, 2014 Saturday

SCHUMER ANNOUNCES, AFTER HIS PUSH, VILLAGE OF COBLESKILL TO RECEIVE MORE THAN
$2.3 MILLION IN FEDERAL FUNDING FOR CRITICAL WATER SUPPLY PROJECT

LENGTH: 1038  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Charles E. Schumer, U.S Government has issued the
following news release:

Today, U.S. Senator Charles E. Schumer announced that, after his push, the
Village of Cobleskill in Schoharie County will receive $2,325,000 in federal
funds to make repairs to its water supply system and water treatment plant.
Schumer explained that this funding will be allocated by the Federal Emergency
Management Agency's  (FEMA) Hazard Mitigation Grant Program (HMGP) and provide a
significant portion of the total funding for this water system improvement
project. The total cost of the project is $3.1 million and will implement
necessary mitigation measures to protect the water supply and reduce flooding in
the Cobleskill Water System. Schumer explained that Cobleskill is home to three
major water reservoirs that need these improvements, as well as a water
treatment plant in desperate need of repairs. The project makes improvements to
the water treatment plant and Dow Reservoir as well as dredge and repair
Cobleskill's dam spillway.

"This water supply project brings many benefits to Village of Cobleskill
residents, from preventing future flood damage, to repairing the water treatment
plant and Dow Reservoir, to protecting the water supply," said Schumer.  "I am
proud to announce that FEMA has heeded my call and will disperse these funds
quickly so that Cobleskill can put people to work on these vital repairs and
upgrades. These funds will not only better protect the Village of Cobleskill
from future flood damage but also lift a massive financial burden off local
taxpayers' shoulders."

In February of this year, Schumer urged FEMA to swiftly approve funding for this
water supply improvement project, which is critical to Schoharie County and the
Capital Region. Schumer explained that the State of New York identified this
Capital Region project as a top priority for FEMA's Hazard Mitigation Grant
Program and will now expedite funds to Cobleskill so that the project can get
underway. The HMGP program provides grants to states and local governments to
implement long-term hazard mitigation measures after a major disaster
declaration. The purpose of the HMGP is to reduce the loss of life and property
due to natural disasters and to enable mitigation measures to be implemented
during the immediate recovery from a disaster. The HMGP is authorized under
Section 404 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance
Act.

Schumer initially wrote to FEMA on behalf of three major Capital Region HMGP
projects, including the Village of Cobleskill water supply project, the City of
Troy Seawall project, and City of Amsterdam retaining wall project at Dove
Creek. The City of Troy applied for $6.7 million in federal funds to begin the
construction of its seawall stabilization project; those funds have were secured
by Senator Schumer in July of 2014. The City of Amsterdam applied for funds to
support a $1.5 million project for the demolition and removal of damaged
retaining walls along Dove Creek.

A copy of Senator Schumer's initial letter to FEMA Administrator Fugate appears
below:

Dear Administrator Fugate,

I write in strong support of three Hazard Mitigation Grant Program applications
currently at the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) for review. The
following projects are essential to the communities involved and the protective
measures proposed would have a tremendous impact in preventing future flooding
and infrastructure damage as well as encouraging waterfront development:

·         Protective measures for three water reservoirs in the Village of
Cobleskill, NY as well as improvements to the village's water treatment plant
(Total cost of $3.1 million): This project would put in place necessary
mitigation measures to protect the water supply and reduce flooding in the
Cobleskill Water System. The Cobleskill Water System includes three water
surface reservoirs and this project would make improvements to the water
treatment plant and Dow Reservoir as well as dredge and repair Cobleskill's dam
spillway.

·         Seawall stabilization project for the City of Troy (Total cost of
$9.03 million): The City of Troy's seawall is in dire need of repairs and
without this critical funding poses a tremendous risk to the community and the
Hudson River. Over the past 30 years increased ice flows, erosion, severe
flooding during Tropical Storm Irene, and other natural elements have
dramatically deteriorated the condition of the seawall. A pipe carrying raw
sewage runs within 15 to 25 feet of the seawall and if the seawall is
compromised it would risk a failure of that sewer line and potentially cause an
environmental disaster in the Hudson River. Furthermore, the City of Troy is
concurrently planning $27 million in construction along the waterfront to
develop the area and provide more housing opportunities to a community
experiencing an economic revitalization. A compromised seawall would hurt this
development as well as threaten the foundations of nearby buildings. In addition
to necessary repairs, the project would fund the encasement of the Seawall in
corrugated steel to enhance its resilience.

·         Demolition and removal of damaged retaining walls along Dove Creek in
Amsterdam, NY (Total Cost of $1.5 million): This project would prevent future
flooding by demolishing and removing damaged retaining walls on Dove Creek and
replace them with stackable concrete retaining walls. The City of Amsterdam has
faced record floods in recent years, and the condition of its retaining walls
has drastically deteriorated. If the effects of erosion and crumbling retaining
walls were left unchecked, the City would experience further flooding and
infrastructure problems down the road.

Given that the State of New York has given these projects top priority by being
among the first projects submitted to FEMA for final review and approval, the
significance of these projects and the effect they would have on mitigating
future damage in New York's Capital Region is substantial. I urge you to approve
them swiftly so that the work on these essential mitigation measures can
commence.

For further information please visit: http://www.schumer.senate.gov

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              296 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                            February 6, 2015 Friday

Philippines : Typhoon hagupit in the philippines - water, sanitation, hygiene,
shelter support - care canada 2014

LENGTH: 376  words


Project Number: D001938-001
Maximum CIDA Contribution: $850,000
Executing Agency

Partner: CARE Canada
Status: Operational
Start - End: 2015-01-13

2015-09-30
Expected Results: The expected outcome of this project is improved access to
clean water, sanitation, hygiene and emergency shelter for typhoon-affected
people.


The expected ultimate outcome is lives saved, suffering alleviated and human
dignity maintained in countries experiencing humanitarian crises or facing acute
food insecurity.Related InformationThis project is funded through the
International Humanitarian Assistance ProgramTransparency
December 2014 - Typhoon Hagupit (locally known as Ruby) made landfall in the
Philippines as a category 3 typhoon on December 6, 2014. It struck the far
eastern island of Samar with winds of 210km/h which makes it the most powerful
storm to hit the Philippines in 2014. The Government of the Philippines has
confirmed 18 deaths and reported 241,700 houses damaged or destroyed across the
affected areas, as well as more than $82 million worth of damages in agriculture
and infrastructure. According to the Philippines~ National Disaster Risk
Reduction and Management Council, Typhoon Hagupit has affected nearly 3.9
million people in the regions of eastern Visayas (Samar) and southern Luzon who
are in need for assistance.
With DFATD~s support, Care Canada is helping to meet the immediate needs of
2,000 typhoon-affected families. Activities include: (1) providing material and
tools for emergency shelter repair and small cash grants for household repairs;
(2) distributing water purification tablets and hygiene kits including items
such as soap and toothbrushes; and (3) training community volunteers in good
health and hygiene practices to promote hygiene awareness in affected
communities.
Project completion date : 2015-09-30 12:00:00
Major organization : CARE CANADA

Address : Suite 100
9 Gurdwara Road
Ottawa, ON, K2E 7X6 Canada

Country :Canada
Financier : Canadian International Development Agency (CIDA)

Financier address : Canadian International Development Agency (CIDA)
200 Promenade du Portage
Gatineau, Quebec
K1A 0G4 Canada
Tel: 819-997-5456
Toll-free: 1-800-230-6349
Fax: 819-953-6088
Email: info@acdi-cida.gc.ca
http://www.acdi-cida.gc.ca/

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2015 Tenders Info
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              297 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 11, 2016 Monday

Washington: Schumer, Gillibrand & Rice Announce Sandy Recovery Grant Awards For
Repairs To Island Park School, Long Beach Water Purification Plant

LENGTH: 785  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Senator Kirsten Gillibrand has issued the following
news release:



 U.S. Senators Charles Schumer and Kirsten Gillibrand and U.S. Representative
Kathleen Rice announced today that the Federal Emergency Management Agency
(FEMA) has awarded more than $2.65 million in federal grant funding to the
Island Park School District and nearly $1.7 million to the City of Long Beach
for repairs to damage caused by Superstorm Sandy. The Island Park School
District will receive $2,654,312 for repairs to the Lincoln Orens Middle School,
which sustained heavy flooding and extensive damage during Sandy. The funding
will reimburse the school district for the costs of repairing extensive flooring
damage, refurbishing air ventilators and replacing heating and hot water
systems, walls, piping and electrical and data lines, as well as musical
instruments, textbooks, computers, printers, scanners, and library books, among
other things. The City of Long Beach has been awarded $1,698,636 for repairs to
the city's water purification plant and eight wells that were damaged by
flooding during Sandy. The funding will reimburse the city for the costs of
replacing electrical wiring and a generator at the plant and elevating the
generator in order to better protect the facility and significantly reduce the
risk of damage from future storms.





 "During Superstorm Sandy, the generator at the Long Beach Water Purification
Plant sustained catastrophic damage and was inoperable, leaving the city's water
supply vulnerable.  In the middle of the night, when I heard what had happened
from the city of Long Beach, I helped worked hard to secure a Caterpillar
generator in order to prevent further damage to the city's water supply.  These
FEMA funds for a new generator will help make the water plant's power more
resilient and prevent a similar situation from occurring if another superstorm
were to hit," said U.S. Senator Charles E. Schumer. "Moreover, this federal
investment will help educate our students in a safe and learning-friendly
environment. I am pleased that more than $2 million in federal funding will help
pay for Sandy-related repairs to Island Park's Lincoln Orens Middle School."







 "I am pleased Long Island will get this federal funding to help cover the cost
of renovating the Lincoln Orens School and the water purification plant and
wells in Long Beach damaged as a result of Superstorm Sandy," said Senator
Gillibrand. "Superstorm Sandy devastated our communities, and this critical FEMA
funding will help provide much needed resources to the community as recovery
efforts continue. I will continue to fight for funding so we can rebuild even
stronger and be ready for when the next storm hits."







 "These two federal grants are another important investment in our district's
recovery that will help ensure that our communities can keep working to rebuild
without bearing the full costs of recovery," said Representative Kathleen Rice.
"I'll keep working with all of our local, state and federal partners to make
sure our district gets the resources and support we need to fully recover from
Sandy and come back stronger and more resilient than ever."







 "Flooding from Superstorm Sandy inflicted substantial damage to flooring,
walls, heating and hot water systems, electrical wiring, piping, ventilators and
classroom equipment throughout the Francis X Hegarty Elementary and Lincoln
Orens Middle Schools, and the process of repairing this damage has been
financially challenging for our school district," said Rosmarie T. Bovino,
Ed.D., Superintendent of Island Park Schools. "We continue to work with our
current public assistance team to finalize the reimbursement process, and we are
grateful for the assistance our legislators secured for the community of Island
Park and its schools through FEMA. Without this, there would have been no viable
alternative enabling families to rebuild their homes and our Board of Education
to rebuild its schools."







 "We would like to thank Senators Schumer and Gillibrand, along with
Congresswoman Rice, for their tireless advocacy and assistance in securing these
funds, allowing us to rebuild stronger, smarter, and safer in Long Beach," said
Long Beach City Councilman Scott J. Mandel. "This funding has enabled us to
replace electrical wiring and a generator that was destroyed in Sandy at our
water purification plant. Our new, reliable equipment has been installed and,
most importantly, our new generator has been elevated high above ground to keep
our facility protected in the event of future storms."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              298 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              April 8, 2016 Friday

Washington: Schumer, Gillibrand & Rice Announce Sandy Recovery Grant Awards For
Repairs To Island Park School, Long Beach Water Purification Plant

LENGTH: 785  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Senator Kirsten Gillibrand has issued the following
news release:



 U.S. Senators Charles Schumer and Kirsten Gillibrand and U.S. Representative
Kathleen Rice announced today that the Federal Emergency Management Agency
(FEMA) has awarded more than $2.65 million in federal grant funding to the
Island Park School District and nearly $1.7 million to the City of Long Beach
for repairs to damage caused by Superstorm Sandy. The Island Park School
District will receive $2,654,312 for repairs to the Lincoln Orens Middle School,
which sustained heavy flooding and extensive damage during Sandy. The funding
will reimburse the school district for the costs of repairing extensive flooring
damage, refurbishing air ventilators and replacing heating and hot water
systems, walls, piping and electrical and data lines, as well as musical
instruments, textbooks, computers, printers, scanners, and library books, among
other things. The City of Long Beach has been awarded $1,698,636 for repairs to
the city's water purification plant and eight wells that were damaged by
flooding during Sandy. The funding will reimburse the city for the costs of
replacing electrical wiring and a generator at the plant and elevating the
generator in order to better protect the facility and significantly reduce the
risk of damage from future storms.





 "During Superstorm Sandy, the generator at the Long Beach Water Purification
Plant sustained catastrophic damage and was inoperable, leaving the city's water
supply vulnerable.  In the middle of the night, when I heard what had happened
from the city of Long Beach, I helped worked hard to secure a Caterpillar
generator in order to prevent further damage to the city's water supply.  These
FEMA funds for a new generator will help make the water plant's power more
resilient and prevent a similar situation from occurring if another superstorm
were to hit," said U.S. Senator Charles E. Schumer. "Moreover, this federal
investment will help educate our students in a safe and learning-friendly
environment. I am pleased that more than $2 million in federal funding will help
pay for Sandy-related repairs to Island Park's Lincoln Orens Middle School."







 "I am pleased Long Island will get this federal funding to help cover the cost
of renovating the Lincoln Orens School and the water purification plant and
wells in Long Beach damaged as a result of Superstorm Sandy," said Senator
Gillibrand. "Superstorm Sandy devastated our communities, and this critical FEMA
funding will help provide much needed resources to the community as recovery
efforts continue. I will continue to fight for funding so we can rebuild even
stronger and be ready for when the next storm hits."







 "These two federal grants are another important investment in our district's
recovery that will help ensure that our communities can keep working to rebuild
without bearing the full costs of recovery," said Representative Kathleen Rice.
"I'll keep working with all of our local, state and federal partners to make
sure our district gets the resources and support we need to fully recover from
Sandy and come back stronger and more resilient than ever."







 "Flooding from Superstorm Sandy inflicted substantial damage to flooring,
walls, heating and hot water systems, electrical wiring, piping, ventilators and
classroom equipment throughout the Francis X Hegarty Elementary and Lincoln
Orens Middle Schools, and the process of repairing this damage has been
financially challenging for our school district," said Rosmarie T. Bovino,
Ed.D., Superintendent of Island Park Schools. "We continue to work with our
current public assistance team to finalize the reimbursement process, and we are
grateful for the assistance our legislators secured for the community of Island
Park and its schools through FEMA. Without this, there would have been no viable
alternative enabling families to rebuild their homes and our Board of Education
to rebuild its schools."







 "We would like to thank Senators Schumer and Gillibrand, along with
Congresswoman Rice, for their tireless advocacy and assistance in securing these
funds, allowing us to rebuild stronger, smarter, and safer in Long Beach," said
Long Beach City Councilman Scott J. Mandel. "This funding has enabled us to
replace electrical wiring and a generator that was destroyed in Sandy at our
water purification plant. Our new, reliable equipment has been installed and,
most importantly, our new generator has been elevated high above ground to keep
our facility protected in the event of future storms."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              299 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              April 8, 2016 Friday

Washington: Schumer, Gillibrand & Rice Announce Sandy Recovery Grant Awards For
Repairs To Island Park School, Long Beach Water Purification Plant

LENGTH: 785  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Senator Kirsten Gillibrand has issued the following
news release:



 U.S. Senators Charles Schumer and Kirsten Gillibrand and U.S. Representative
Kathleen Rice announced today that the Federal Emergency Management Agency
(FEMA) has awarded more than $2.65 million in federal grant funding to the
Island Park School District and nearly $1.7 million to the City of Long Beach
for repairs to damage caused by Superstorm Sandy. The Island Park School
District will receive $2,654,312 for repairs to the Lincoln Orens Middle School,
which sustained heavy flooding and extensive damage during Sandy. The funding
will reimburse the school district for the costs of repairing extensive flooring
damage, refurbishing air ventilators and replacing heating and hot water
systems, walls, piping and electrical and data lines, as well as musical
instruments, textbooks, computers, printers, scanners, and library books, among
other things. The City of Long Beach has been awarded $1,698,636 for repairs to
the city's water purification plant and eight wells that were damaged by
flooding during Sandy. The funding will reimburse the city for the costs of
replacing electrical wiring and a generator at the plant and elevating the
generator in order to better protect the facility and significantly reduce the
risk of damage from future storms.





 "During Superstorm Sandy, the generator at the Long Beach Water Purification
Plant sustained catastrophic damage and was inoperable, leaving the city's water
supply vulnerable.  In the middle of the night, when I heard what had happened
from the city of Long Beach, I helped worked hard to secure a Caterpillar
generator in order to prevent further damage to the city's water supply.  These
FEMA funds for a new generator will help make the water plant's power more
resilient and prevent a similar situation from occurring if another superstorm
were to hit," said U.S. Senator Charles E. Schumer. "Moreover, this federal
investment will help educate our students in a safe and learning-friendly
environment. I am pleased that more than $2 million in federal funding will help
pay for Sandy-related repairs to Island Park's Lincoln Orens Middle School."







 "I am pleased Long Island will get this federal funding to help cover the cost
of renovating the Lincoln Orens School and the water purification plant and
wells in Long Beach damaged as a result of Superstorm Sandy," said Senator
Gillibrand. "Superstorm Sandy devastated our communities, and this critical FEMA
funding will help provide much needed resources to the community as recovery
efforts continue. I will continue to fight for funding so we can rebuild even
stronger and be ready for when the next storm hits."







 "These two federal grants are another important investment in our district's
recovery that will help ensure that our communities can keep working to rebuild
without bearing the full costs of recovery," said Representative Kathleen Rice.
"I'll keep working with all of our local, state and federal partners to make
sure our district gets the resources and support we need to fully recover from
Sandy and come back stronger and more resilient than ever."







 "Flooding from Superstorm Sandy inflicted substantial damage to flooring,
walls, heating and hot water systems, electrical wiring, piping, ventilators and
classroom equipment throughout the Francis X Hegarty Elementary and Lincoln
Orens Middle Schools, and the process of repairing this damage has been
financially challenging for our school district," said Rosmarie T. Bovino,
Ed.D., Superintendent of Island Park Schools. "We continue to work with our
current public assistance team to finalize the reimbursement process, and we are
grateful for the assistance our legislators secured for the community of Island
Park and its schools through FEMA. Without this, there would have been no viable
alternative enabling families to rebuild their homes and our Board of Education
to rebuild its schools."







 "We would like to thank Senators Schumer and Gillibrand, along with
Congresswoman Rice, for their tireless advocacy and assistance in securing these
funds, allowing us to rebuild stronger, smarter, and safer in Long Beach," said
Long Beach City Councilman Scott J. Mandel. "This funding has enabled us to
replace electrical wiring and a generator that was destroyed in Sandy at our
water purification plant. Our new, reliable equipment has been installed and,
most importantly, our new generator has been elevated high above ground to keep
our facility protected in the event of future storms."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              300 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 11, 2016 Monday

Washington: SCHUMER, GILLIBRAND & RICE ANNOUNCE SANDY RECOVERY GRANT AWARDS FOR
REPAIRS TO ISLAND PARK SCHOOL, LONG BEACH WATER PURIFICATION PLANT

LENGTH: 783  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Senator Charles E. Schumer has issued the following
news release:



 U.S. Senators Charles Schumer and Kirsten Gillibrand and U.S. Representative
Kathleen Rice announced today that the Federal Emergency Management Agency
(FEMA) has awarded more than $2.65 million in federal grant funding to the
Island Park School District and nearly $1.7 million to the City of Long Beach
for repairs to damage caused by Superstorm Sandy. The Island Park School
District will receive $2,654,312 for repairs to the Lincoln Orens Middle School,
which sustained heavy flooding and extensive damage during Sandy. The funding
will reimburse the school district for the costs of repairing extensive flooring
damage, refurbishing air ventilators and replacing heating and hot water
systems, walls, piping and electrical and data lines, as well as musical
instruments, textbooks, computers, printers, scanners, and library books, among
other things. The City of Long Beach has been awarded $1,698,636 for repairs to
the city's water purification plant and eight wells that were damaged by
flooding during Sandy. The funding will reimburse the city for the costs of
replacing electrical wiring and a generator at the plant and elevating the
generator in order to better protect the facility and significantly reduce the
risk of damage from future storms.





 "During Superstorm Sandy, the generator at the Long Beach Water Purification
Plant sustained catastrophic damage and was inoperable, leaving the city's water
supply vulnerable.  In the middle of the night, when I heard what had happened
from the city of Long Beach, I helped worked hard to secure a Caterpillar
generator in order to prevent further damage to the city's water supply.  These
FEMA funds for a new generator will help make the water plant's power more
resilient and prevent a similar situation from occurring if another superstorm
were to hit," said U.S. Senator Charles E. Schumer. "Moreover, this federal
investment will help educate our students in a safe and learning-friendly
environment. I am pleased that more than $2 million in federal funding will help
pay for Sandy-related repairs to Island Park's Lincoln Orens Middle School."



 "I am pleased Long Island will get this federal funding to help cover the cost
of renovating the Lincoln Orens School and the water purification plant and
wells in Long Beach damaged as a result of Superstorm Sandy," said Senator
Gillibrand. "Superstorm Sandy devastated our communities, and this critical FEMA
funding will help provide much needed resources to the community as recovery
efforts continue. I will continue to fight for funding so we can rebuild even
stronger and be ready for when the next storm hits."



 "These two federal grants are another important investment in our district's
recovery that will help ensure that our communities can keep working to rebuild
without bearing the full costs of recovery," said Representative Kathleen Rice.
"I'll keep working with all of our local, state and federal partners to make
sure our district gets the resources and support we need to fully recover from
Sandy and come back stronger and more resilient than ever."



 "Flooding from Superstorm Sandy inflicted substantial damage to flooring,
walls, heating and hot water systems, electrical wiring, piping, ventilators and
classroom equipment throughout the Francis X Hegarty Elementary and Lincoln
Orens Middle Schools, and the process of repairing this damage has been
financially challenging for our school district," said Rosmarie T. Bovino,
Ed.D., Superintendent of Island Park Schools. "We continue to work with our
current public assistance team to finalize the reimbursement process, and we are
grateful for the assistance our legislators secured for the community of Island
Park and its schools through FEMA. Without this, there would have been no viable
alternative enabling families to rebuild their homes and our Board of Education
to rebuild its schools."



 "We would like to thank Senators Schumer and Gillibrand, along with
Congresswoman Rice, for their tireless advocacy and assistance in securing these
funds, allowing us to rebuild stronger, smarter, and safer in Long Beach," said
Long Beach City Councilman Scott J. Mandel. "This funding has enabled us to
replace electrical wiring and a generator that was destroyed in Sandy at our
water purification plant. Our new, reliable equipment has been installed and,
most importantly, our new generator has been elevated high above ground to keep
our facility protected in the event of future storms."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              301 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              April 8, 2016 Friday

Washington: SCHUMER, GILLIBRAND & RICE ANNOUNCE SANDY RECOVERY GRANT AWARDS FOR
REPAIRS TO ISLAND PARK SCHOOL, LONG BEACH WATER PURIFICATION PLANT

LENGTH: 783  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Senator Charles E. Schumer has issued the following
news release:



 U.S. Senators Charles Schumer and Kirsten Gillibrand and U.S. Representative
Kathleen Rice announced today that the Federal Emergency Management Agency
(FEMA) has awarded more than $2.65 million in federal grant funding to the
Island Park School District and nearly $1.7 million to the City of Long Beach
for repairs to damage caused by Superstorm Sandy. The Island Park School
District will receive $2,654,312 for repairs to the Lincoln Orens Middle School,
which sustained heavy flooding and extensive damage during Sandy. The funding
will reimburse the school district for the costs of repairing extensive flooring
damage, refurbishing air ventilators and replacing heating and hot water
systems, walls, piping and electrical and data lines, as well as musical
instruments, textbooks, computers, printers, scanners, and library books, among
other things. The City of Long Beach has been awarded $1,698,636 for repairs to
the city's water purification plant and eight wells that were damaged by
flooding during Sandy. The funding will reimburse the city for the costs of
replacing electrical wiring and a generator at the plant and elevating the
generator in order to better protect the facility and significantly reduce the
risk of damage from future storms.





 "During Superstorm Sandy, the generator at the Long Beach Water Purification
Plant sustained catastrophic damage and was inoperable, leaving the city's water
supply vulnerable.  In the middle of the night, when I heard what had happened
from the city of Long Beach, I helped worked hard to secure a Caterpillar
generator in order to prevent further damage to the city's water supply.  These
FEMA funds for a new generator will help make the water plant's power more
resilient and prevent a similar situation from occurring if another superstorm
were to hit," said U.S. Senator Charles E. Schumer. "Moreover, this federal
investment will help educate our students in a safe and learning-friendly
environment. I am pleased that more than $2 million in federal funding will help
pay for Sandy-related repairs to Island Park's Lincoln Orens Middle School."



 "I am pleased Long Island will get this federal funding to help cover the cost
of renovating the Lincoln Orens School and the water purification plant and
wells in Long Beach damaged as a result of Superstorm Sandy," said Senator
Gillibrand. "Superstorm Sandy devastated our communities, and this critical FEMA
funding will help provide much needed resources to the community as recovery
efforts continue. I will continue to fight for funding so we can rebuild even
stronger and be ready for when the next storm hits."



 "These two federal grants are another important investment in our district's
recovery that will help ensure that our communities can keep working to rebuild
without bearing the full costs of recovery," said Representative Kathleen Rice.
"I'll keep working with all of our local, state and federal partners to make
sure our district gets the resources and support we need to fully recover from
Sandy and come back stronger and more resilient than ever."



 "Flooding from Superstorm Sandy inflicted substantial damage to flooring,
walls, heating and hot water systems, electrical wiring, piping, ventilators and
classroom equipment throughout the Francis X Hegarty Elementary and Lincoln
Orens Middle Schools, and the process of repairing this damage has been
financially challenging for our school district," said Rosmarie T. Bovino,
Ed.D., Superintendent of Island Park Schools. "We continue to work with our
current public assistance team to finalize the reimbursement process, and we are
grateful for the assistance our legislators secured for the community of Island
Park and its schools through FEMA. Without this, there would have been no viable
alternative enabling families to rebuild their homes and our Board of Education
to rebuild its schools."



 "We would like to thank Senators Schumer and Gillibrand, along with
Congresswoman Rice, for their tireless advocacy and assistance in securing these
funds, allowing us to rebuild stronger, smarter, and safer in Long Beach," said
Long Beach City Councilman Scott J. Mandel. "This funding has enabled us to
replace electrical wiring and a generator that was destroyed in Sandy at our
water purification plant. Our new, reliable equipment has been installed and,
most importantly, our new generator has been elevated high above ground to keep
our facility protected in the event of future storms."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              302 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              April 8, 2016 Friday

Washington: SCHUMER, GILLIBRAND & RICE ANNOUNCE SANDY RECOVERY GRANT AWARDS FOR
REPAIRS TO ISLAND PARK SCHOOL, LONG BEACH WATER PURIFICATION PLANT

LENGTH: 781  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the MP Kathleen Rice has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Senators Charles Schumer and Kirsten Gillibrand and U.S. Representative
Kathleen Rice announced today that the Federal Emergency Management Agency
(FEMA) has awarded more than $2.65 million in federal grant funding to the
Island Park School District and nearly $1.7 million to the City of Long Beach
for repairs to damage caused by Superstorm Sandy. The Island Park School
District will receive $2,654,312 for repairs to the Lincoln Orens Middle School,
which sustained heavy flooding and extensive damage during Sandy. The funding
will reimburse the school district for the costs of repairing extensive flooring
damage, refurbishing air ventilators and replacing heating and hot water
systems, walls, piping and electrical and data lines, as well as musical
instruments, textbooks, computers, printers, scanners, and library books, among
other things. The City of Long Beach has been awarded $1,698,636 for repairs to
the city's water purification plant and eight wells that were damaged by
flooding during Sandy. The funding will reimburse the city for the costs of
replacing electrical wiring and a generator at the plant and elevating the
generator in order to better protect the facility and significantly reduce the
risk of damage from future storms.





 "During Superstorm Sandy, the generator at the Long Beach Water Purification
Plant sustained catastrophic damage and was inoperable, leaving the city's water
supply vulnerable.  In the middle of the night, when I heard what had happened
from the city of Long Beach, I helped worked hard to secure a Caterpillar
generator in order to prevent further damage to the city's water supply.  These
FEMA funds for a new generator will help make the water plant's power more
resilient and prevent a similar situation from occurring if another superstorm
were to hit," said U.S. Senator Charles E. Schumer. "Moreover, this federal
investment will help educate our students in a safe and learning-friendly
environment. I am pleased that more than $2 million in federal funding will help
pay for Sandy-related repairs to Island Park's Lincoln Orens Middle School."



 "I am pleased Long Island will get this federal funding to help cover the cost
of renovating the Lincoln Orens School and the water purification plant and
wells in Long Beach damaged as a result of Superstorm Sandy," said Senator
Gillibrand. "Superstorm Sandy devastated our communities, and this critical FEMA
funding will help provide much needed resources to the community as recovery
efforts continue. I will continue to fight for funding so we can rebuild even
stronger and be ready for when the next storm hits."



 "These two federal grants are another important investment in our district's
recovery that will help ensure that our communities can keep working to rebuild
without bearing the full costs of recovery," said Representative Kathleen Rice.
"I'll keep working with all of our local, state and federal partners to make
sure our district gets the resources and support we need to fully recover from
Sandy and come back stronger and more resilient than ever."



 "Flooding from Superstorm Sandy inflicted substantial damage to flooring,
walls, heating and hot water systems, electrical wiring, piping, ventilators and
classroom equipment throughout the Francis X Hegarty Elementary and Lincoln
Orens Middle Schools, and the process of repairing this damage has been
financially challenging for our school district," said Rosmarie T. Bovino,
Ed.D., Superintendent of Island Park Schools. "We continue to work with our
current public assistance team to finalize the reimbursement process, and we are
grateful for the assistance our legislators secured for the community of Island
Park and its schools through FEMA. Without this, there would have been no viable
alternative enabling families to rebuild their homes and our Board of Education
to rebuild its schools."



 "We would like to thank Senators Schumer and Gillibrand, along with
Congresswoman Rice, for their tireless advocacy and assistance in securing these
funds, allowing us to rebuild stronger, smarter, and safer in Long Beach," said
Long Beach City Councilman Scott J. Mandel. "This funding has enabled us to
replace electrical wiring and a generator that was destroyed in Sandy at our
water purification plant. Our new, reliable equipment has been installed and,
most importantly, our new generator has been elevated high above ground to keep
our facility protected in the event of future storms."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              303 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              April 8, 2016 Friday

Washington: SCHUMER, GILLIBRAND & RICE ANNOUNCE SANDY RECOVERY GRANT AWARDS FOR
REPAIRS TO ISLAND PARK SCHOOL, LONG BEACH WATER PURIFICATION PLANT

LENGTH: 783  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Senator Charles E. Schumer has issued the following
news release:



 U.S. Senators Charles Schumer and Kirsten Gillibrand and U.S. Representative
Kathleen Rice announced today that the Federal Emergency Management Agency
(FEMA) has awarded more than $2.65 million in federal grant funding to the
Island Park School District and nearly $1.7 million to the City of Long Beach
for repairs to damage caused by Superstorm Sandy. The Island Park School
District will receive $2,654,312 for repairs to the Lincoln Orens Middle School,
which sustained heavy flooding and extensive damage during Sandy. The funding
will reimburse the school district for the costs of repairing extensive flooring
damage, refurbishing air ventilators and replacing heating and hot water
systems, walls, piping and electrical and data lines, as well as musical
instruments, textbooks, computers, printers, scanners, and library books, among
other things. The City of Long Beach has been awarded $1,698,636 for repairs to
the city's water purification plant and eight wells that were damaged by
flooding during Sandy. The funding will reimburse the city for the costs of
replacing electrical wiring and a generator at the plant and elevating the
generator in order to better protect the facility and significantly reduce the
risk of damage from future storms.





 "During Superstorm Sandy, the generator at the Long Beach Water Purification
Plant sustained catastrophic damage and was inoperable, leaving the city's water
supply vulnerable.  In the middle of the night, when I heard what had happened
from the city of Long Beach, I helped worked hard to secure a Caterpillar
generator in order to prevent further damage to the city's water supply.  These
FEMA funds for a new generator will help make the water plant's power more
resilient and prevent a similar situation from occurring if another superstorm
were to hit," said U.S. Senator Charles E. Schumer. "Moreover, this federal
investment will help educate our students in a safe and learning-friendly
environment. I am pleased that more than $2 million in federal funding will help
pay for Sandy-related repairs to Island Park's Lincoln Orens Middle School."



 "I am pleased Long Island will get this federal funding to help cover the cost
of renovating the Lincoln Orens School and the water purification plant and
wells in Long Beach damaged as a result of Superstorm Sandy," said Senator
Gillibrand. "Superstorm Sandy devastated our communities, and this critical FEMA
funding will help provide much needed resources to the community as recovery
efforts continue. I will continue to fight for funding so we can rebuild even
stronger and be ready for when the next storm hits."



 "These two federal grants are another important investment in our district's
recovery that will help ensure that our communities can keep working to rebuild
without bearing the full costs of recovery," said Representative Kathleen Rice.
"I'll keep working with all of our local, state and federal partners to make
sure our district gets the resources and support we need to fully recover from
Sandy and come back stronger and more resilient than ever."



 "Flooding from Superstorm Sandy inflicted substantial damage to flooring,
walls, heating and hot water systems, electrical wiring, piping, ventilators and
classroom equipment throughout the Francis X Hegarty Elementary and Lincoln
Orens Middle Schools, and the process of repairing this damage has been
financially challenging for our school district," said Rosmarie T. Bovino,
Ed.D., Superintendent of Island Park Schools. "We continue to work with our
current public assistance team to finalize the reimbursement process, and we are
grateful for the assistance our legislators secured for the community of Island
Park and its schools through FEMA. Without this, there would have been no viable
alternative enabling families to rebuild their homes and our Board of Education
to rebuild its schools."



 "We would like to thank Senators Schumer and Gillibrand, along with
Congresswoman Rice, for their tireless advocacy and assistance in securing these
funds, allowing us to rebuild stronger, smarter, and safer in Long Beach," said
Long Beach City Councilman Scott J. Mandel. "This funding has enabled us to
replace electrical wiring and a generator that was destroyed in Sandy at our
water purification plant. Our new, reliable equipment has been installed and,
most importantly, our new generator has been elevated high above ground to keep
our facility protected in the event of future storms."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              304 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Balochistan Times (AsiaNet)

                            August 17, 2010 Tuesday

Japan extends US $ 10 million additional grant for flood victims

SECTION: Vol. XXXIV No. 228

LENGTH: 193  words


The Government of Japan has decided to extend additional emergency grant of up
to US$ 10 million to Pakistan in response to the disastrous floods caused by the
heavy monsoon rains in the country.

This decision has been taken, upon request from the Government of Pakistan and
the UN's Initial Floods Emergency Response Plan announced on Aug 11, says a
statement issued by the Embassy of Japan here on Tuesday.  This emergency grant
is in addition to the US$ 3 million grant aid which was announced on Aug 3 and
had already been provided to several UN agencies for the provision of food and
drinking water in the flood affected areas.  The Government of Japan has also
provided emergency relief goods for the flood victims in Pakistan worth US$
240,000 that included tents, dewatering plants, water purifiers and water tanks.

Japan Platform, a tripartite cooperation mechanism between the Government of
Japan, the Japanese business community and the Non-Governmental Organizations
(NGO's), last week, also decided to provide emergency relief assistance worth
US$ 1,200,000.  In total, Japan has contributed around US$ 14.4 million for
flood disaster in Pakistan.

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 The Balochistan Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              305 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                     OCTOBER 11, 1998 Sunday CWEST EDITION

HELPING TOWNS SURVIVE AND THRIVE / FEDERAL BLOCK GRANTS ENABLE COMMUNITIES TO
PAY FOR WIDE-RANGING IMPROVEMENTS.

BYLINE: Susan Weidener, INQUIRER SUBURBAN STAFF

SECTION: NEIGHBORS CHESTER & BRANDYWINE; Pg. CC01

LENGTH: 747 words


Parkesburg Borough Mayor Alan Wolfe has watched his town struggle for jobs and
an identity over the last decade. Key to the town's survival, Wolfe said, is a
healthy business district.

"We are restoring pride in our community and getting a better reputation in the
area," said Wolfe of the borough, which is between Coatesville and the tourist
stops along Route 30 in Lancaster County.

Soon, Culvert Street, a crucial artery into the business district that has been
sprouting antique shops and restaurants in recent years, will be rebuilt, aiding
the town's prospects.

When complete, the road project will provide better access for automobiles and
emergency vehicles, thanks to a $238,000 grant Chester County is proposing for
the borough's 3,250 residents.

In Oxford Borough, residents have been coping with an antiquated water system
for years. The county is getting ready to award $350,000 to upgrade the system
in hopes of improving the water quality for that town's 4,000 residents.

Such is the pot of federal money, called Community Development Block Grants,
that next year is expected to yield $3,200,000, along with $972,000 for housing
and emergency shelter.

Barbara Wilson, director of the Chester County Office of Housing and Community
Development (OHCD), the agency that administers the grants, said the agency was
continuing to move away from funding lots of projects. Instead, it is funding
larger projects that will help communities and their residents.

"The idea behind granting the federal money is that we are dealing with a whole
community, not an aspect of the community," Wilson said. "It is the project that
has the backing of its business and civic leaders in municipalities and boroughs
that are most likely to have their grant proposals accepted."

The grants, targeted to communities that have a large percentage of low- to
moderate-income residents, will not become final until the county holds a public
hearing on Oct. 22 and the Board of Commissioners votes on them. But approval is
anticipated, Wilson said.

Grants total $688,250 for street and sidewalk repairs and other infrastructure
improvements. That money is not just for Parkesburg, but also for West
Nottingham, New Garden and South Coatesville.

Another $798,300 has been set aside for sewer, water and drainage improvements,
not just in Oxford, but in Phoenixville and Avondale. The funds will ensure the
completion of paving on Gay Street in Phoenixville and on Chatham Street in
Avondale.

The grants also go to agencies that provide emergency shelter and affordable
housing.

Pennrose Properties Inc. will receive $450,000 to build 50 units of affordable
family rental housing to be known as Oxford Village Apartments.

Another $60,000 was awarded to Legal Aid of Chester County to hire staffers who
will assist low-income people who feel they are being discriminated against in
housing or people who have problems with their landlords and who cannot afford
an attorney.

A $127,200 grant has been awarded to the Housing Partnership of Chester County
to assist low-income and first-time home buyers.

Alan Matas, the agency's executive director, said that for the last five years,
the OHCD block grants have been in excess of $500,000, assisting about 200
people, mostly minorities and single mothers.

A family of four earning less than $42,300 can quality for a maximum $5,000 loan
and a low-interest, no-points mortgage through the agency, Matas said. The
purpose of the program is to provide diversity in the county's communities.

"You can't just have a community where everyone is upper-income," Matas said.
"It doesn't seem right that they would have to live in Philadelphia and drive
all the way out to Chester County to work, so the program makes them a part of
the community."

Housing costs in Chester County rose dramatically from 1980 to 1990, according
to an OHCD report, making home ownership impossible for many county families.
The median costs of housing in that time rose from $63,500 to $155,900, an
increase of 145 percent, according to the report.

In addition, the number of houses in the county valued at less than $100,000
declined from 50,462 to 16,100, according to the report.

While the median costs for homes skyrocketed, the median household income
increased at a somewhat slower pace, from $22,206 to $45,642 between 1980 and
1990, according to the report.

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1998 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              306 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                            October 5, 1993 Tuesday
                                  Late Edition

State to provide means-tested aid

BYLINE: TIM WINKLER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 380 words


A range of emergency relief grants would be provided to victims of flooding in
central and north-east Victoria, the Minister for Emergency Services, Mr
McNamara, said yesterday.

Mr McNamara's electorate of Benalla has been swamped in what he described as
Victoria's worst floods in 60 to 70 years.

Mr McNamara said his Nagambie house was 15 metres away from floodwaters.

"It's been a devastating experience for everyone involved," he said.

The Government will not limit the amount of money available, but assistance will
be available on a means-tested basis.

Mr McNamara said that about $3million had been made available to the victims of
previous floods.

While the floods appeared to be worse than previous years, the Federal
Government would not provide financial assistance unless the relief bill rose
above $30million, "and I ... don't really expect we'll be getting to those sorts
of levels," he said.

He commended the Federal Government for sending troops from the Puckapunyal army
base to help with the relief effort.

"If we need to have any major evacuations, we'll be relying on the Commonwealth,
particularly the use of the army.

The State Government will provide up to $280 per adult and $140 per child, to a
maximum of $700 per household, to help with immediate needs of food, clothing
and shelter.

Rural communities will be helped and a re-establishment grant will be available,
offering up to $140 per adult and $70 per child, up to $560 a week per
household, to a maximum of $5600.

Grants for house contents replacement and structural repairs are also available,
to a value of $5600.

A family whose home was devastated by floods could receive a maximum of $17,500
with which to feed themselves, replace their house contents and make structural
repairs to their home, providing they satisified means-test guidelines.

Government assistance can be withdrawn if flood victims receive other damage
awards or insurance payouts.

Mr McNamara said losses arising from drowned stock, destroyed crops and water
-damaged stock in regional business centres would run to millions of dollars.

Floods were likely to threaten parts of Wangaratta overnight due to rising water
in the King and Ovens Rivers. Shepparton, on the Broken and Goulburn Rivers, may
be threatened later in the week, he said.

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 1993 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              307 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              April 8, 2016 Friday

New York: SCHUMER, GILLIBRAND & RICE ANNOUNCE SANDY RECOVERY GRANT AWARDS FOR
REPAIRS TO ISLAND PARK SCHOOL, LONG BEACH WATER PURIFICATION PLANT

LENGTH: 784  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Albany: Office of the House of Representative Kathleen Rice has issued the
following news release:



  U.S. Senators Charles Schumer and Kirsten Gillibrand and U.S. Representative
Kathleen Rice announced today that the Federal Emergency Management Agency
(FEMA) has awarded more than $2.65 million in federal grant funding to the
Island Park School District and nearly $1.7 million to the City of Long Beach
for repairs to damage caused by Superstorm Sandy. The Island Park School
District will receive $2,654,312 for repairs to the Lincoln Orens Middle School,
which sustained heavy flooding and extensive damage during Sandy. The funding
will reimburse the school district for the costs of repairing extensive flooring
damage, refurbishing air ventilators and replacing heating and hot water
systems, walls, piping and electrical and data lines, as well as musical
instruments, textbooks, computers, printers, scanners, and library books, among
other things. The City of Long Beach has been awarded $1,698,636 for repairs to
the city's water purification plant and eight wells that were damaged by
flooding during Sandy. The funding will reimburse the city for the costs of
replacing electrical wiring and a generator at the plant and elevating the
generator in order to better protect the facility and significantly reduce the
risk of damage from future storms.





 "During Superstorm Sandy, the generator at the Long Beach Water Purification
Plant sustained catastrophic damage and was inoperable, leaving the city's water
supply vulnerable.  In the middle of the night, when I heard what had happened
from the city of Long Beach, I helped worked hard to secure a Caterpillar
generator in order to prevent further damage to the city's water supply.  These
FEMA funds for a new generator will help make the water plant's power more
resilient and prevent a similar situation from occurring if another superstorm
were to hit," said U.S. Senator Charles E. Schumer. "Moreover, this federal
investment will help educate our students in a safe and learning-friendly
environment. I am pleased that more than $2 million in federal funding will help
pay for Sandy-related repairs to Island Park's Lincoln Orens Middle School."



 "I am pleased Long Island will get this federal funding to help cover the cost
of renovating the Lincoln Orens School and the water purification plant and
wells in Long Beach damaged as a result of Superstorm Sandy," said Senator
Gillibrand. "Superstorm Sandy devastated our communities, and this critical FEMA
funding will help provide much needed resources to the community as recovery
efforts continue. I will continue to fight for funding so we can rebuild even
stronger and be ready for when the next storm hits."



 "These two federal grants are another important investment in our district's
recovery that will help ensure that our communities can keep working to rebuild
without bearing the full costs of recovery," said Representative Kathleen Rice.
"I'll keep working with all of our local, state and federal partners to make
sure our district gets the resources and support we need to fully recover from
Sandy and come back stronger and more resilient than ever."



 "Flooding from Superstorm Sandy inflicted substantial damage to flooring,
walls, heating and hot water systems, electrical wiring, piping, ventilators and
classroom equipment throughout the Francis X Hegarty Elementary and Lincoln
Orens Middle Schools, and the process of repairing this damage has been
financially challenging for our school district," said Rosmarie T. Bovino,
Ed.D., Superintendent of Island Park Schools. "We continue to work with our
current public assistance team to finalize the reimbursement process, and we are
grateful for the assistance our legislators secured for the community of Island
Park and its schools through FEMA. Without this, there would have been no viable
alternative enabling families to rebuild their homes and our Board of Education
to rebuild its schools."



 "We would like to thank Senators Schumer and Gillibrand, along with
Congresswoman Rice, for their tireless advocacy and assistance in securing these
funds, allowing us to rebuild stronger, smarter, and safer in Long Beach," said
Long Beach City Councilman Scott J. Mandel. "This funding has enabled us to
replace electrical wiring and a generator that was destroyed in Sandy at our
water purification plant. Our new, reliable equipment has been installed and,
most importantly, our new generator has been elevated high above ground to keep
our facility protected in the event of future storms."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              308 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 23, 2017 Monday

Nonprofit organization partners with city

LENGTH: 871  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington, DC: American Planning Association has issued the following news
release



  Johnston-Lee-Harnett Community Action, Inc. , received $20,000 for rapid
re-housing and was appointed as the nonprofit administrator of a program
tentatively titled " Sanford Cares ."





 The nonprofit organization assists in emergency rapid re-housing efforts and
helps individuals experiencing emergencies that would render them unable to pay
utility bills.



 What is JLHCA?



 JLHCA, founded in 1966, has been involved in Lee County outreach programs for
roughly 40 years said JLHCA Executive Director Marie Watson . Some of the
programs include:



 -- Head Start and Early Head Start : A comprehensive child and family
development program that serves pregnant women, infants, toddlers and preschool
children and their families. Providing preparation to children entering
kindergarten and giving parents tools to further their child's success.



 --S.T.A.R.S: Successfully Transitioning to Achieve Real Self-Sufficiency,
funded in part by the Community Services Block Grant , promotes strengthening
family units by identifying barriers and setting goals to attain
self-sufficiency by encouraging them to forge relationships between the family
and resources needed to eliminate their problems.



 --Homelessness Prevention and Rapid Re-Housing Program: A Housing and Urban
Development program that provides financial assistance and services to those
experiencing homelessness to be quickly re-housed and stabilized. Rapid
Re-Housing funds provide for short to medium-term rental assistance, housing
relocation and stabilization services.



 --Weatherization: Enables low-income families to reduce their energy bills by
making their homes more energy efficient with funds from grants provided by the
U.S. Department of Energy in partnership with Duke Energy .



 JLHCA administers programs with 176 employees and has 18 board members from
both the public and private sectors.



 The program used for the rapid re-housing of the tenants of the Simmons
building on Wall Street in Sanford has specific guidelines and procedures in
implementation.



 "If a person is identified by HUD's definition of homeless, we will assess
their barriers to finding permanent housing," said Jeff Rawlings , JLHCA case
manager, in the Jan. 10 emergency city council meeting. "Based on the assessment
we will put them before a committee and the committee will decide if we are
going to house them."



 If the committee decides to re-house the individual, they are responsible for
finding their own housing. A case manager will assist in the process if the
individual does not know how to find housing.



 "We don't want to just get them into the program and spoon feed them," said
Rawlings.



 Once a residence is identified and the prospective tenant meets the landlord, a
case manager is brought back into the process to inform the landlord of
stipulations JLHCA requires and to ensure the property meets minimum housing
standards.



 "Our goal is to get them to a place they can actually thrive in," said
Rawlings.



 JLHCA has a crisis program for utility customers who have fallen behind on
their payments, but have never participated in a program such as " Sanford Cares
," said Watson.



 In the new business section of the meeting council, Finance Director Beth Kelly
presented the customer assistance program, to council that must be administered
by a nonprofit organization.



 "Our objective is to provide funds from customer donations to assist all city
water and sewer customers with water and sewer expenses in emergency
situations," said Kelly.



 Customers can donate to the fund by rounding up their bill, specifying a fixed
amount to be taken out of their bank account or through a one-time donation.
Customers must sign an authorization and the city will provide an annual receipt
statement to the customer. Logistics of how the donations will be transferred to
the organization are still being worked out. Potentially, the city could allow
the account to reach a certain monetary threshold then transferring the funds to
the organization for distribution to customers experiencing emergency
situations.



 Kelly asked the council for direction on which organization should be selected
and recommended JLHCA as a viable option.



 "I think we have a good player in JLHCA," said Karen Atkinson , Revenue Manager
with the City of Sanford's Billing and Collection Department .



 The program, still in the developmental stages, will come before council again
once the details have been worked out so that council can decide whether or not
to officially adopt the program.



 JLHCA primarily operates from grants and when funding runs out they are limited
on the amount of assistance they can provide.



 "The need is there and the need is great but there's not enough money to cover
everything that's there," said Rawlings. "This year I housed 27 families but
there were 88 that came through that qualified. We try to be good stewards with
what we have coming in."



 In addition to grant funding, individuals can make donations to JLHCA at P.O.
Box 1061, Sanford, NC 27330.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              309 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Pakistan Observer

                           February 17, 2015 Tuesday

Japan provides assistance to NGOs

SECTION: Vol. XXVI No. 47

LENGTH: 390  words


The Government of Japan has decided to extend financial support totalling US$
360,950 (approx. Rs. 36 million) to four Non Governmental Organisations (NGOs)
for the implementation of social development projects in disadvantaged areas of
the country. The NGOs include Ameer Begum Welfare Trust, AlMujtaba Development
Network, Community Development and Anti TB Program, and Obaid Noor Welfare
Association, said a statement here.

The agreements for the four projects were signed on Monday, here between Hiroshi
Inomata, Ambassador of Japan to Pakistan and the heads of the four
organisations.

Ameer Begum Welfare Trust will utilise its grant of US$ 82,282 for the
installation of 6 water filter plants in rural areas of District Okara that are
suffering from a high prevalence water borne disease due to the unavailability
of safe drinking water. The grant of US$ 78,833 to AlMujtaba Development Network
will be used for the improvement of the water supply and sanitation system in a
remote part of District Muzaffarabad.

The grant of US$ 98,138 to Community Development and Anti TB Program on the
other hand will enable the construction of a village road in District Narowal,
in order to enhance community accessibility of facilities in the town center.

Finally, the grant of US$ 101,697 to Obaid Noor Welfare Association will result
in the construction of a maternity and emergency hospital in a neglected part of
District Mianwali. At the signing ceremony, Ambassador Inomata emphasised the
importance of improving access to health, water and infrastructure facilities
particularly in rural areas of the country.

He expressed his hope that the projects supported today will contribute to
Pakistan's goal of eliminating rural and urban disparities in term of essential
facilities which in turn can contribute to sustainable local development.

In doing so, these projects would certainly strengthen the friendly relations
between the people of Japan and Pakistan. Last week agreements for three other
projects in the field of education were signed. In addition, agreements for
eight other projects on education, health and infrastructure were signed in
September and November, 2014.

Hence, the amount the Government of Japan provided to Pakistani NGOs during the
current Japanese Fiscal Year (which starts in April) adds up to US$ 1,386,114 in
total.

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2015 Hurmat Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                              310 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Austin American-Statesman (Texas)

                             June 23, 2016 Thursday
                                 State Edition

Community News

BYLINE: Austin American-Statesman

SECTION: METR; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 798 words


TRAVIS COUNTY

Denied FEMA help? Try calling

Travis County residents who get a letter from the Federal Emergency Management
Agency notifying them they are ineligible for disaster assistance from the May
storms are encouraged to call FEMA if they disagree or have any questions.

An error in a telephone number or a missing signature can separate an applicant
from federal assistance. After registering with FEMA, applicants can expect a
notice by mail about whether they qualify for federal disaster assistance. If
applicants are eligible, the letter explains the amount of the grant and how it
is to be used. The grant amount reads as zero if applicants are ineligible, but
they may still qualify.

A denial letter may indicate the application is missing information, such as
verification of occupancy of the damaged property, proof of identity,
documentation of disaster damage or what is covered under an insurance policy.

Travis County was one of 12 in the state eligible for federal assistance from
the May storms.

Applicants who do not receive a letter or are denied assistance can call
800-621-3362 or visit DisasterAssistance.gov. Persons who are deaf, hard of
hearing or have a speech disability may call 800-462-7585. Applicants who use
711 or the video relay service also may call 800-621-3362. The toll free numbers
are open from 7 a.m. to 10 p.m. daily. Multilingual operators are available.

- American-Statesman staff

AUSTIN

Police to look for intoxicated boaters

The Austin Police Department will conduct Operation Dry Water, a national
weekend of boating while intoxicated detection and enforcement, from 9 a.m.
Friday to midnight Monday to reduce the number of alcohol/drug-related wrecks
and fatalities and to deter alcohol and drug use on the water.

Since the operation began nationwide in 2009, the percentage of boating
fatalities with alcohol named as a contributing factor has decreased from to 16
percent from 19 percent in the United States.

Austin police will patrol area lakes with the assistance of officers specially
trained in intoxication detection. A BWI charge carries the same punishment as
driving while intoxicated. It is a Class B misdemeanor, with a minimum term of
confinement of 72 hours.

- American-Statesman staff

WILLIAMSON COUNTY

GEORGETOWN Schools

Principal named at Georgetown High

The Georgetown school district board of trustees named Wes ­Vanicek as the new
principal for Georgetown High School at its regular meeting Monday.

Vanicek is an assistant principal at Coppell High School near Dallas-Forth
Worth. He also served as an assistant director at New Tech High at Coppell,
where he designed and implemented professional learning experiences for campus
educators and also served as a biotech educator who developed, designed and
implemented cross-curricular instruction.

He served on the strategic planning committee to help develop the Coppell
Strategic Plan/Long Term Vision.

The Georgetown school district will arrange for a meet and greet for parents,
staff and community members.

- American-Statesman staff

HAYS COUNTY

SAN MARCOS

'4th Flea' to open Saturday downtown

A new San Marcos downtown community flea market, 4th Flea, will open from 9 a.m.
to 1 p.m. Saturday at the Price Center, 222 W. San Antonio St., and will be held
the fourth Saturday of each month.

Booth spaces for interested participants are available on a first-come,
first-served basis for $20 for outside space and $30 for an inside space.
Private and retail vendors are welcome.

Participants will need to bring their tents, tables and necessary display
equipment. Setup is from 8 to 9 a.m. the day of sale. A limited number of tables
are available for a $10 fee.

Booth rental proceeds benefit the center, which is operated by the Greater San
Marcos Area Seniors Association.

For more information: 512-392-2900 or visit the center from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.
Mondays through Fridays.

- American-Statesman staff

SAN MARCOS

CodeSMTX open house June 30

The city of San Marcos Planning and Development Services Department will host an
open house to present the draft of CodeSMTX, the city's new land development
code, from noon to 7 p.m. June 30 at the San Marcos Activity Center, 501 E.
Hopkins St.

The open house will feature a 30-minute presentation highlighting changes in
land use, transportation and environmental standards proposed to implement the
vision and policies established through the Comprehensive Plan. The presentation
will be given at 12:30 and 6 p.m.

The open house and presentations will highlight key components proposed for the
code and policies guiding the development of CodeSMTX. The public will have an
opportunity to provide feedback on the draft document through a survey and
questionnaire at the open house.

For more information: sanmarcostx.gov/codesmtx.

- American-Statesman staff

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 The Austin American-Statesman
                              All Rights Reserved


                              311 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               India Energy News

                      February 12, 2012 Sunday 6:30 AM EST

Lutheran World Relief Provides Critically Needed Water in the Philippines

LENGTH: 387  words


New Delhi, Feb. 12 -- Lutheran World Relief is providing emergency water
services to families who still have no access to clean drinking water more than
a month after a devastating typhoon ripped through the Philippines island of
Mindanao, killing 1,257 people and affecting more than a million.



The storm, which hit on December 16 and destroyed more than 14,000 homes, also
disrupted water supply in the city of Cagayan de Oro. Repairs to the water
supply system are underway, but families in the western part of the city will
not have access to piped water until at least the end of January.

"I do not know where to get water now," said Maryann Lagara, 24, a mother of two
in the affected area, who lost her home in the storm. Speaking to an LWR staff
member in early January, she reported that without assistance, she would be
forced to get water from the nearby river, which is not safe to drink.

Thanks to a $31,500 grant from the Conrad N. Hilton Foundation, LWR is now
delivering water to 230 families in an impoverished area in western Cagayan de
Oro through the end of January. Each family will receive 15 liters per person
per day for drinking, cooking and personal hygiene, in accordance with Sphere
standards, the generally accepted best practices in humanitarian response.
Families will also receive jerry cans for water storage, and training on how to
properly clean and care for the cans.

"These are very poor families, many of whom lost their means of earning a
livelihood as the result of the storm, so they have no way to purchase water
even if it were readily available," said Joanne Fairley, LWR's regional director
for Asia and the Middle East. "Thanks to this grant from the Conrad N. Hilton
Foundation, they will have access to clean water until the city water system is
repaired."

In addition to emergency water delivery, LWR is reaching out to flood-affected
communities with emergency cash assistance to buy food, medicine and other
necessities. LWR is also distributing Quilts, Personal Care Kits, and School
Kits from its warehouse in Mindanao, as well distributing other critically
needed items to flood-affected families.

LWR is also planning a longer-term response that will include cash-for-work
programs, provision of clean water, building shelter and rehabilitating homes
for more than 900 families.

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2012 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              312 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                           August 11, 2010 Wednesday

Int'l community urged to succor flood victims generously

LENGTH: 527  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, Aug. 11 -- Several donor organizations, working

in the flood affected areas of Punjab and Khyber Pakhtunkhwa have

appealed the international community to support the victims

generously and promptly in view of scale of the disaster.

According to them, non-government organizations and military

and civil administration are engaged to ameliorate the situation,

however the scale of tragedy is such that it is difficult to address

the problems squarely to the satisfaction of the people.

"In this hour of trial, Pakistan needs support of its friends

and well wishers among the international community to come to the

help of the displaced persons," they said.

They claimed that irrigation channels, system, power

transmission and telecommunication lines, schools, hospitals, road

and bridges in affected areas have been damaged beyond imagination.

They said floods have not only caused death, disruption and

economic havoc for people but also destroyed standing crops like

cotton and orchards, further reducing prospects for early recovery.

"In this time of need, people living in flood hit areas don't

need words of sympathies but they need immediate support from the

international community."

They expressed the hope that realizing the worst situation in

flood affected areas, international community will fully support the

affectees.

Meanwhile, Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA) under

the scheme of Equipment Supply for Disaster Relief has delivered

emergency supplies worth 20 million Japanese Yen for the flood

affectees.

The relief goods comprises of 150 tents, 67 De-watering pumps,

25 water purifiers and 20 water tanks. The assistance came after the

commitment made by the Government of Japan with the Government of

Pakistan.

Japan also has committed a grant aid worth US$ 3 million for

flood affected areas which will soon be handed over to Pakistan.

The European Commission has also announced 30 million Euros

for the flood affected people.

The North Atlantic Council has already tasked the Euro-

Atlantic Disaster Response Coordination Centre (EADRCC) at NATO

Headquarters in Brussels to act as a clearing-house for humanitarian

assistance offered by allies and partner nations to Pakistan.

Similarly, Australian government has announced doubling of its

aid to A$10 million - approximately 750 million rupees, to assist in

rescue and rehabilitation of the flood affected people of Pakistan.

With the additional assistance, Australia will provide $4

million to the World Food Programme to support the distribution of

food to people displaced by the flooding.

The remaining $1 million will be provided to the United

Nations-managed Pakistan Emergency Response Fund to support the

provision of emergency food relief, shelter and basic health and

sanitation services by local non-government organizations already

active in affected areas.

The government of Indonesia on Monday handed over a plane load

of humanitarian assistance for flood victims in Pakistan to the

Ambassador of Pakistan Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right
Vision News. For any query with respect to this article or any other content
requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              313 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                            November 9, 2015 Monday

Washington: Capito and Manchin Announce More Than $12 Million in Funding from
U.S. Department of Agriculture

LENGTH: 489  words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Washington: Office of the Senator Shelley Moore Capito has issued the
following news release:



 U.S. Senators Shelley Moore Capito (R-W.Va.) and Joe Manchin (D-W.Va.) today
announced loans and grants for five projects in West Virginia to develop water
and wastewater infrastructure. The funds have been awarded by the United States
Department of Agriculture (USDA) and will provide rural communities with the
resources necessary to improve or repair their water and wastewater systems.





 USDA has awarded $12,246,000 to four West Virginia communities for projects in
the Water and Waste Disposal Loan and Grant Program. This program provides
crucial funding for projects that promote clean drinking water systems, sanitary
sewage and solid waste disposal, and storm water drainage to households and
businesses.



 Additionally, a $500,000 grant has been awarded to the Mingo County Public
Service District for the Emergency Community Water Assistance Grant (ECWAG)
program, which assists in the preparation or recovery process for emergencies
threatening the availability of safe and reliable drinking water.



 &ldquo;It is essential that every West Virginian have access to clean water.
This funding will not only assist rural communities throughout the state in
repairing and establishing safer and more reliable water and waste systems, but
it will also help solidify local economies,&rdquo; said Senator Capito. &ldquo;I
am pleased to join Senator Manchin in announcing this important funding that
will help to strengthen our communities and keep our residents healthy.&rdquo;



 &ldquo;It is important to invest in infrastructure projects like these that
make sure our communities are connected to the basic necessities of life, like
water,&rdquo; Senator Manchin said. &ldquo;All West Virginians deserve access to
clean and safe water, and this funding will improve our water systems to ensure
the health and safety of our residents. This project will also help boost
economic development, protect tourism activities in these regions and improve
the prosperity of our families, businesses and communities. I will continue to
work to make these commonsense infrastructure investments a reality.&rdquo;



 Individual awards are listed below:



 Water and Waste Disposal Loan and Grant Program



     $719,000 loan/$936,000 grant &ndash; Cottageville Public Service District:
Funding will be used to support the Phase II Sewer Project.



     $6,073,000 loan &ndash; City of Elkins: Funding will be used for water
system improvements.



     $1,782,000 loan/$750,000 grant &ndash; Logan County Public Service
District: Funding will be used towards the Big Harts Phase III Water Project.



     $1,105,000 loan/$881,000 grant &ndash; City of Welch: Funding will
contribute to waterline replacement on McDowell Street and riverside.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              314 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                            November 9, 2015 Monday

Washington: Capito and Manchin Announce More Than $12 Million in Funding from
U.S. Department of Agriculture

LENGTH: 489  words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Washington: Office of the Senator Shelley Moore Capito has issued the
following news release:



 U.S. Senators Shelley Moore Capito (R-W.Va.) and Joe Manchin (D-W.Va.) today
announced loans and grants for five projects in West Virginia to develop water
and wastewater infrastructure. The funds have been awarded by the United States
Department of Agriculture (USDA) and will provide rural communities with the
resources necessary to improve or repair their water and wastewater systems.





 USDA has awarded $12,246,000 to four West Virginia communities for projects in
the Water and Waste Disposal Loan and Grant Program. This program provides
crucial funding for projects that promote clean drinking water systems, sanitary
sewage and solid waste disposal, and storm water drainage to households and
businesses.



 Additionally, a $500,000 grant has been awarded to the Mingo County Public
Service District for the Emergency Community Water Assistance Grant (ECWAG)
program, which assists in the preparation or recovery process for emergencies
threatening the availability of safe and reliable drinking water.



 &ldquo;It is essential that every West Virginian have access to clean water.
This funding will not only assist rural communities throughout the state in
repairing and establishing safer and more reliable water and waste systems, but
it will also help solidify local economies,&rdquo; said Senator Capito. &ldquo;I
am pleased to join Senator Manchin in announcing this important funding that
will help to strengthen our communities and keep our residents healthy.&rdquo;



 &ldquo;It is important to invest in infrastructure projects like these that
make sure our communities are connected to the basic necessities of life, like
water,&rdquo; Senator Manchin said. &ldquo;All West Virginians deserve access to
clean and safe water, and this funding will improve our water systems to ensure
the health and safety of our residents. This project will also help boost
economic development, protect tourism activities in these regions and improve
the prosperity of our families, businesses and communities. I will continue to
work to make these commonsense infrastructure investments a reality.&rdquo;



 Individual awards are listed below:



 Water and Waste Disposal Loan and Grant Program



     $719,000 loan/$936,000 grant &ndash; Cottageville Public Service District:
Funding will be used to support the Phase II Sewer Project.



     $6,073,000 loan &ndash; City of Elkins: Funding will be used for water
system improvements.



     $1,782,000 loan/$750,000 grant &ndash; Logan County Public Service
District: Funding will be used towards the Big Harts Phase III Water Project.



     $1,105,000 loan/$881,000 grant &ndash; City of Welch: Funding will
contribute to waterline replacement on McDowell Street and riverside.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              315 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Ruidoso News (New Mexico)

                           October 14, 2010 Thursday

Ruidoso and Ruidoso Downs major recipient of federal stimulus economic funding

BYLINE: Jim Kalvelage jkalvelage@ruidosonews.com

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 393 words


The federal economic stimulus program has provided more than $28 million to
projects and other activities in Lincoln County through Aug. 31, 2010.

The largest local recipient of American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
funding has been the Ruidoso and Ruidoso Downs wastewater treatment plant.

Delivered through the U.S. Agriculture Department's Rural Development program,
Ruidoso received $8.755 million and Ruidoso Downs got $1 million, both in the
forms of loans, said Ruidoso Downs finance director Terri Mosley.

Funneled through the New Mexico Clean Water Revolving Fund, another $6.17
million was delivered through a grant.

The next largest recipient of ARRA funding in Lincoln County was the
transportation sector at nearly $1.8 million.

Three projects were funded: the U.S. Highway 380 Priest Gulch bridge replacement
at $1.3 million; resurfacing of Paradise Canyon Road in Ruidoso at $352,650; and
three 14-passenger vans for Ruidoso Downs' Lincoln County Transit at $133,923.

The Region VI Housing Authority received $65,000 to provide weatherization
assistance for low-income residents.

Two environmental projects were assisted.

Remediation of leaking underground storage tanks at the Hondo Valley Schools
campus and at the former Reese Shell gas station in Ruidoso, received $5,998 and
$9,233, respectively.

What was described as the Family Safety Net provided $41,163 for the New Mexico
Human Services Department in the county for the Community Ser-vices Block Grant
program, $3,919 for emergency food and shelter, $47,400 to the Region IX
Educational Cooperative for early educational intervention for infants and
toddlers with disabilities, $5,765 to the Human Services Department for
emergency food assistance, and $5,569 to the New Mexico Department of Health for
the Women, Infant and Children program.

Lincoln County was awarded a $24,043 law enforcement grant. The village of
Ruidoso got $27,421 for its police department.

Unemployment and employment services, including jobless benefits, tapped
$436,231 from the stimulus program.

ARRA funding distributed around Otero County added up to $34.6 million.
Construction projects at Holloman Air Force Base received $21 million of that.
The Mexican Canyon Trestle restoration and design of a trestle overlook captured
almost $3 million.

Statewide, nearly $4 billion in stimulus funding had been approved.

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2010 Ruidoso News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              316 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Daily News (Sri Lanka)

                              April 1, 2011 Friday

US $ 500 million Loan facility from China to finance for priority road projects

LENGTH: 988  words

DATELINE: Sri Lanka


Sri Lanka, April 1 -- * Projects to improve and rehabilitate priority roads
islandwide connecting all electorates are under way.

* China Development Bank Corporation (CDB) has agreed to provide US $ 500
million to finance this project

* This will contribute to lower transportation cost and improved the integration
of all parts of the country, thus increasing the economic activities and
productivity and also provide employment opportunities to the residents.

* On a proposal by the President as the Finance and Planning Minister Cabinet
approval was granted to enter into a Loan Agreement for US $ 500 million with
the China Development Bank Corporation to implement the project.

Rs 1.98 billion ADB assistance to implement the secondary towns and rural
community-based water supply and sanitation project.

* Asian Development Bank (ADB) has agreed to provide an additional loan of US $
17.6 million to implement the Muttur Water Supply Scheme under the on-going
Secondary Town and Rural Community Based Water Supply Sanitation Project.

* The proposed additional financing will ensure successful completion of the
project benefiting about 50,000 people in the project area.

* A proposal by the President to enter into a loan agreements with the ADB was
approved by the Cabinet.

Emergency financial assistance of US $ 38 million from IDA for the community
livelihoods in conflict affected areas

* On a proposal made by the President, Cabinet approval was granted to conduct
negotiations with the International Development Association (IDA) of the World
Bank to enter into an agreement to obtain a loan of US $ 38 million as
additional financial assistance for the ongoing community livelihood development
in the conflict affected areas.

* This is to support emergency rehabilitation and restoration of agricultural
roads, tanks, minor irrigation schemes and canals that were affected due to
recent floods

* This credit facility of the IDA is interest free and the project is scheduled
to be completed in 2013.

Japan grants Rs 468 million for food security project for low income farmers

* The Japanese Government has agreed to provide a grant of Japanese Yen 360
million to purchase agricultural machinery and equipment for the use by low
income farmers in the country.

* 820 units of two wheel tractors and 50 units of four wheel tractors will he
provided under this grant thereby to assist food production program.

* On a proposal made by the President, Cabinet approval was granted to sign the
exchange of notes with the Japanese Government and to enter into a Grant
Agreement with JICA.

Rs 1,891 million JICA assistance for Vavuniya-Kilinochchi Transmission Line
Project

* A project to reinforce the transmission network in the northern area by
constructing 132 KV transmission line from Vavuniya to Kilinochchi and the Grid
Substation at Kilinochchi is under way.

* The Japanese Government has agreed to provide a loan of Japanese Yen 1,422
million through the Japan International Cooperation Agency as additional
financing for the project.

* Completion of this project will ensure reliable, adequate and efficient
electricity supply to consumers in the Northern Province.

* The proposal made by the President to enter into a Loan Agreement with JICA
was approved by the Cabinet.

Establishment of Janasevana National Housing Secretariat to maintain a proper
and updated database regarding housing

* On a proposal by Construction, Engineering Services, Housing and Common
Amenities Minister Wimal Weerawansa, Cabinet approval was granted to establish
Janasevana National Housing Secretariat.

* This Secretariat will act as a Centre that connect the housing market to
provide information for all those in need of houses, for housing property
developers, contractors and capital providers.

* This institution will gather information on housing programs implemented by
institutions and individuals in Sri Lanka.

Conservation of Digavapi Chaitya at Rs 77 million

* On a proposal by National Heritage Minister Jagath Balasuriya Cabinet approval
was granted to commence restoration of the Digavapi Chaitya and other related
renovation work in the area in the Ampara district.

* The estimated cost of the first stage of the project will be Rs 77 million.
Bank of Ceylon has agreed to donate Rs 37.0 million for this project under its
Corporate Social Responsibility.

Completion of Stage II of the Sinhapura Housing Project at Wanathamulla, Colombo
8

* This housing project consists of 120 Housing Units and under Stage I of the
project, three buildings consisting of 60 housing units were completed and they
were allocated to the public in 2007

* On a proposal by Construction, Engineering Services, Housing and Common
Amenities Minister Wimal Weerawansa Cabinet approval was granted to entrust the
completion of Stage II of the project to the State Engineering Corporation at a
cost of Rs 150.27 million

* 46 families who have been ejected from No 187 estate at Torrington Mawatha,
Colombo 7 will be accommodated here and the land used by them at Torrington
worth Rs 282 million will be used for other urban development activities

South Asia Conference on Sanitation, April 4 to 8 in Colombo

* This is a regional collaboration of eight South Asian countries comprising
India, Sri Lanka, Bangladesh, Bhutan, Nepal, the Maldives, Afghanistan and
Pakistan, formed with the objective of addressing the sanitation facilities in
the region.

* This is held every two years on a rotation basis in a selected member country.
This will be held in Sri Lanka and the five day event will be inaugurated by the
President.

* Cabinet approval was granted to host this conference in Colombo from April 4
to 8 on a proposal by Water Supply and Drainage Minister Dinesh Gunawardena
Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily News Sri Lanka. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2011 The Associated Newspapers of Ceylon Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              317 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Jacksonville Daily Progress (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              June 22, 2009 Monday

Ike money doled out

BYLINE: Cristin Ross, Jacksonville Daily Progress, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 723 words


Jun. 22--Cherokee County commissioners on Monday gave the green light on
allocating $1,258,228 in Hurricane Ike disaster relief funds.

Nine county emergency first-responders and other service entities will be
granted the funds -- provided by the Texas Community Development Block Grant
Program -- to get generators for their establishments or emergency shelters.

"There's still about $26,000 left of this money," said Sherry Tarrant, grant
writer with Gray Traylor and Associates. "We've tried hard to make sure this
money was spread throughout the county as much as it could possibly be."

Alto Community Fellowship Church and Wells Elementary School each received the
largest portions of available funds -- $185,893 and $185,733, respectively. Both
serve as evacuation shelters for Texans living on the Gulf coast. Other grants
were provided to Earle's Chapel, North Cherokee and Alto volunteer fire
departments and Dialville/Oakland, Blackjack, Afton Grove and Forest water
supply corporations.

Other entities that applied for funds include Rusk Rural, Afton Grove and
Craft-Turney water supply corporations; Rusk Church of Christ's Red Cross
shelter; and Lake Palestine; New Summerfield, Gallatin, Reklaw, Troup and
Maydelle volunteer fire departments.

"I'm praying we won't have a bad hurricane season this year; but if we do, it
will make a big difference if we can get some of these generators up and going
before the hurricanes start coming," County Judge Chris Davis said in an earlier
interview.

The funds are being distributed by the Office of Rural Community Affairs, but
the method of distribution was set by East Texas Council of Governments.
Cherokee County received a total of $3,364,140 in federal money, with 60 percent
of the funds going to cities in the county and the other 40 percent set aside
for use by the county itself.

Ten of the 28 projects submitted by the county were chosen to receive funding,
while nine of the 12 projects submitted by the cities were also approved. Two of
Jacksonville's three applications were chosen for funding, while Cuney, Alto and
New Summerfield's projects were also selected. Rusk's two projects were picked
up.

A total of $9.2 million in Ike relief funds was given to ORCA, and Cherokee
County received the largest share (36 percent) because it also suffered the
greatest damage.

In other business, commissioners agreed to hold a public hearing concerning
setting the speed limit on County Road 3504 to 35 mph, as requested by Precinct
3 Commissioner Katherine Pinotti.

"We've just gotten finished resurfacing that road," she told the rest of the
court. "It hasn't cured yet and, now that it's nice and smooth again, people
just fly through there and it's pulling the rocks up out of the roadbed."

Pinotti said none of the residents along the county road are opposed to the
change.

"I think we need a slower limit because even after the roads cure, faster speeds
can still damage the road, and we'll just have to come back that much sooner to
redo the road," Pinotti said.

Commissioners approved holding a public hearing at the next regular court
session, to be held July 13.

Other agenda items commissioners approved Monday include:

--annual road reports for all four precincts;

--an agreement between the Cherokee County Health Department and Tyler Open MRI;

--the last phase of the Justice Assistance Grant program for one or more
constables;

--allowing Precinct 2 Commissioner Kevin Pierce to assist with Texas Department
of Transportation to deliver road material to the construction site of Alto
Independent School District's Mean Sting Parkway -- an extension of County Road
2429; and

--allowing Tax Assessor Linda Little to refund $500 or more.

Cherokee County Commissioners' Court meets at 10 a.m. on the second and fourth
Mondays of each month in the first-floor courtroom of the courthouse, on the
square in downtown Rusk. The public is welcome.

To see more of the Jacksonville Daily Progress, or to subscribe to the
newspaper, go to http://www.jacksonvilleprogress.com. Copyright (c) 2009,
Jacksonville Daily Progress, Texas Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services. For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call
800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The
Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090622-JD-Ike-money-doled-out-0622

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JD


                                 Copyright 2009


                              318 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Sanford Herald (North Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            January 22, 2017 Sunday

Nonprofit organization partners with city

BYLINE: Michelle Bir, The Sanford Herald, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 856 words


Jan. 22--SANFORD -- Johnston-Lee-Harnett Community Action, Inc., received
$20,000 for rapid re-housing and was appointed as the nonprofit administrator of
a program tentatively titled "Sanford Cares."

The nonprofit organization assists in emergency rapid re-housing efforts and
helps individuals experiencing emergencies that would render them unable to pay
utility bills.

What is JLHCA?

JLHCA, founded in 1966, has been involved in Lee County outreach programs for
roughly 40 years said JLHCA Executive Director Marie Watson. Some of the
programs include:

--Head Start and Early Head Start: A comprehensive child and family development
program that serves pregnant women, infants, toddlers and preschool children and
their families. Providing preparation to children entering kindergarten and
giving parents tools to further their child's success.

--S.T.A.R.S: Successfully Transitioning to Achieve Real Self-Sufficiency, funded
in part by the Community Services Block Grant, promotes strengthening family
units by identifying barriers and setting goals to attain self-sufficiency by
encouraging them to forge relationships between the family and resources needed
to eliminate their problems.

--Homelessness Prevention and Rapid Re-Housing Program: A Housing and Urban
Development program that provides financial assistance and services to those
experiencing homelessness to be quickly re-housed and stabilized. Rapid
Re-Housing funds provide for short to medium-term rental assistance, housing
relocation and stabilization services.

--Weatherization: Enables low-income families to reduce their energy bills by
making their homes more energy efficient with funds from grants provided by the
U.S. Department of Energy in partnership with Duke Energy.

JLHCA administers programs with 176 employees and has 18 board members from both
the public and private sectors.

The program used for the rapid re-housing of the tenants of the Simmons building
on Wall Street in Sanford has specific guidelines and procedures in
implementation.

"If a person is identified by HUD's definition of homeless, we will assess their
barriers to finding permanent housing," said Jeff Rawlings, JLHCA case manager,
in the Jan. 10 emergency city council meeting. "Based on the assessment we will
put them before a committee and the committee will decide if we are going to
house them."

If the committee decides to re-house the individual, they are responsible for
finding their own housing. A case manager will assist in the process if the
individual does not know how to find housing.

"We don't want to just get them into the program and spoon feed them," said
Rawlings.

Once a residence is identified and the prospective tenant meets the landlord, a
case manager is brought back into the process to inform the landlord of
stipulations JLHCA requires and to ensure the property meets minimum housing
standards.

"Our goal is to get them to a place they can actually thrive in," said Rawlings.

JLHCA has a crisis program for utility customers who have fallen behind on their
payments, but have never participated in a program such as "Sanford Cares," said
Watson.

In the new business section of the meeting council, Finance Director Beth Kelly
presented the customer assistance program, to council that must be administered
by a nonprofit organization.

"Our objective is to provide funds from customer donations to assist all city
water and sewer customers with water and sewer expenses in emergency
situations," said Kelly.

Customers can donate to the fund by rounding up their bill, specifying a fixed
amount to be taken out of their bank account or through a one-time donation.
Customers must sign an authorization and the city will provide an annual receipt
statement to the customer. Logistics of how the donations will be transferred to
the organization are still being worked out. Potentially, the city could allow
the account to reach a certain monetary threshold then transferring the funds to
the organization for distribution to customers experiencing emergency
situations.

Kelly asked the council for direction on which organization should be selected
and recommended JLHCA as a viable option.

"I think we have a good player in JLHCA," said Karen Atkinson, Revenue Manager
with the City of Sanford's Billing and Collection Department.

The program, still in the developmental stages, will come before council again
once the details have been worked out so that council can decide whether or not
to officially adopt the program.

JLHCA primarily operates from grants and when funding runs out they are limited
on the amount of assistance they can provide.

"The need is there and the need is great but there's not enough money to cover
everything that's there," said Rawlings. "This year I housed 27 families but
there were 88 that came through that qualified. We try to be good stewards with
what we have coming in."

In addition to grant funding, individuals can make donations to JLHCA at P.O.
Box 1061, Sanford, NC 27330.

___ (c)2017 The Sanford Herald (Sanford, N.C.) Visit The Sanford Herald
(Sanford, N.C.) at www.sanfordherald.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC.

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20170122-HD-Nonprofit-organization-partners-with-city-0122-20170122

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HD


                         Copyright 2017 Sanford Herald


                              319 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                           January 13, 2010 Wednesday
                             First Replate Edition

Many hope buyout sweeps flood ordeal into past

BYLINE: Mary Lou Pickel; Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1456 words


Most homes are still dark in the Cypress Club subdivision in Austell, four
months after the great flood of September.

"It's like a ghost town," said resident Loretta Crowder-Rorie. The community of
about 190 homes was among the hardest hit in the southwestern Cobb County city.
Austell bore the brunt of the 500-year storm that dumped up to 20 inches of rain
on some parts of Georgia.

Crowder-Rorie and her husband have patched up their flood-damaged house, but
about 60 percent of the homes around them remain vacant, she said.

Flood victims in Cobb County have received $22.9 million in grants, the lion's
share of individual disaster assistance from the Federal Emergency Management
Agency.

They have also received the greatest share of Small Business Administration
low-interest loans to rebuild, $24.6 million. Statewide, flood victims have
received $55.4 million in FEMA grants and $61.2 million in SBA loans.

It hasn't been enough to coax residents of Cypress Club and other communities to
fix their homes and move back. About 250 people in unincorporated Cobb and the
cities of Austell and Powder Springs want the government to buy their homes and
take the mess off their hands.

Some are traumatized by the memory of the rising waters and don't ever intend to
move back.

Federal, state money

Tuesday is the deadline for counties and cities to submit home buyout paperwork
to the Georgia Emergency Management Agency. Local governments review the
paperwork from homeowners before submitting it to GEMA, which administers the
federal buyout money.

There is about $29 million in federal grant money available statewide this year
for home buyouts related to the flood. Another $10 million will come from state
and local governments. Homeowners may be asked to pay a small portion to
complete buyout deals.

At least 30 homeowners in Cypress Club hope Austell receives grant money and
will buy their property, said Randy Bowens, Austell's director of public works.

Allison Gabriel is one of them. Her home flooded to the second story, and her
youngest son was evacuated from Clarkdale Elementary School in water up to his
knees.

Gabriel was at work and didn't realize her home was under 15 feet of water.

When she arrived at Cypress Club, a neighbor stopped her near the entrance and
told her, " 'You can't go back down in there. Your house is flooded,' " Gabriel
recalled.

"So I walked," said Gabriel, who wanted to see it for herself.

Her house on Egret Court had been flooded in a previous storm before she owned
it, as had several others on the street. But Gabriel's house does not lie inside
the official 100-year flood plain.

Austell's Bowens says he'll ask FEMA to consider homes that have sustained
repetitive flooding for the buyout.

Gabriel, a native of Jamaica, moved to metro Atlanta from Miami about four years
ago. She said she's never experienced flooding like this, and she's not moving
back. "We're moving somewhere where there is no creek near us," Gabriel said.
She used her FEMA disaster assistance to rent a house on a hill nearby.

She stopped paying her mortgage and hopes the bank will wait to see if her home
makes the buyout list.

The government will only buy out the original homeowner, not a bank, said Bill
Higgins, Cobb's storm water management director.

Not all will qualify

At least 139 people in Austell have applied for the buyout. The deadline for
homeowners to submit their paperwork to Austell is today. Cobb County has about
98 homes on its buyout list and Powder Springs has about a dozen.

It's unlikely all of the homes will be chosen. The criteria are strict, with
preference given to homes in the 100-year floodplain that are more than 50
percent damaged. Within that group, GEMA will give preference to homes that are
in the 10-year floodplain and have a high risk of flooding again, said agency
spokesman Ken Davis.

Houses that sit outside the official floodplain and were substantially damaged
will be given lower consideration for a buyout.

Those homeowners will most likely have to wait for a second pot of money, and no
one is sure how long that will take. The state might get $20 million from a
community development block grant to help buy out substantially damaged homes
outside the 100-year floodplain, Higgins said. There are about 67 homes in that
category in unincorporated Cobb, he said.

Bowens in Austell could not give a breakdown of how many buyout applications
were in the 100-year floodplain and how many were outside of it. He intends to
hold a meeting with homeowners on the issue.

"There's no guarantee that their property's going to be purchased," Bowens said.
"It's a gamble.

"It's a difficult decision to make, and my heart goes out to them," he said.

Higgins, Cobb's storm water management director, is optimistic that at least the
first tier of badly-damaged homes inside the floodplain, which includes 31 in
unincorporated Cobb, will get the buyout --- and sooner rather than later.

"The turnaround time, hopefully, is going to be a lot faster than it normally
is," he said.

'What can you do?'

FEMA estimates it could approve a list of homes in May and send the money back
to GEMA so governments can start negotiating sales prices. The price will be
based on the tax appraisal before the flood.

In Cypress Club, the ravages of the flood are still apparent. A garage door
falls off one home. A dwelling where renters once lived still has storm debris.
Mold grows on abandoned homes.

"I don't want to be in here, but what can you do?" said Crowder-Rorie. Her house
took about five feet of water, ruining the downstairs. She and her husband used
their FEMA grant of less than $15,000 and added their own money to refurbish
their home in time for winter. Still, with so many empty houses in the
neighborhood, it's very quiet, almost eerie.

Looters have stolen flat-screen TVs and other electronics from some homes,
Crowder-Rorie said. That caused her family to downplay Christmas.

"We were afraid to put lights up and put up a Christmas tree," she said. "We did
not want to attract any danger to this house."

She hopes more neighbors decide to return and refurbish their homes.

"I'm hoping that with New Year's resolutions, they'll commit to come back."

Meet the reporter

ExclusiveMary Lou Pickel has been a staff writer for The Atlanta
Journal-Constitution for 10 years, covering Cobb County government, immigration
and demographics, as well as aviation and transportation. She served as interim
Mexico City bureau chief for Cox Newspapers and previously reported for The Palm
Beach Post in Florida for five years. Pickel covered September's flood from the
first day and has talked with flood victims and disaster relief officials
throughout Cobb County and the state. She has reported on flood damage, the
magnitude of the storm, cleanup efforts and the complicated process of
rebuilding.

FEMA to the rescue

Assistance to individuals as of Jan. 6, 2010 for the September 2009 floods.

County Assistance

Cobb $22,877,732

Gwinnett $6,578,493

Douglas $6,197,400

Fulton $5,572,290

DeKalb $5255,611

Paulding $2,394,311

Carroll $1,705,163

Cherokee $1,498,890

Walker $1,006,267

Rockdale $540,468

Catoosa $452,687

Newton $402,351

Chattooga $382,415

Stephens $150,935

Heard $139,991

Bartow $139,188

Coweta $114,806

Total $55,408,998

Small Business Administration disaster loan statistics for Georgia counties as
of Jan. 5, 2010

Bartow County

Applications approved 4 0 4

Dollars approved $286,800 $0 $286,800

Carroll County

Applications approved 47 4 51

Dollars approved $1,019,300 $229,000 $1,248,300

Catoosa County

Applications approved 12 0 12

Dollars approved $342,400 $0 $342,400

Chattooga County

Applications approved 1 0 1

Dollars approved $14,000 $0 $14,000

Cherokee County

Applications approved 81 11 92

Dollars approved $1,312,200 $1,119,300 $2,431,500

Cobb County

Applications approved 437 56 493

Dollars approved $19,946,000 $4,694,700 $24,640,700

DeKalb County

Applications approved 253 38 291

Dollars approved $5,156,700 $2,201,300 $7,358,000

Douglas County

Applications approved 177 23 200

Dollars approved $4,687,100 $1,622,400 $6,309,500

Fulton County

Applications approved 160 21 181

Dollars approved $5,735,500 $872,100 $6,607,600

Gwinnett County

Applications approved 257 16 273

Dollars approved $6,700,900 $870,200 $7,571,100

Newton County

Applications approved 4 1 5

Dollars approved $35,700 $329,900 $365,600

Paulding County

Applications approved 80 8 88

Dollars approved $2,106,200 $170,700 $2,276,900

Rockdale County

Applications approved 16 0 16

Dollars approved $662,200 $0 $662,200

Stephens County

Applications approved 12 2 14

Dollars approved $251,800 $66,300 $318,100

Walker County

Applications approved 25 4 29

Dollars approved $284,300 $435,600 $719,900

All Counties

Applications approved 1,566 184 1,750

Dollars approved 48,541,100 $12,611,500 $61,152,600

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2010 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              320 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                            August 4, 2010 Wednesday

Culver touts programs in Peosta

BYLINE: ANDY PIPER TH staff writer * apiper@wcinet.com

SECTION: A; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 818 words


I-Jobs in Dubuque County DISASTER FUNDS (As of July 9, 2010) FEMA Public
Assistance $10,697,550 Housing Assistance $459,725 Other Needs Assistance
$22,120 Hazard Mitigation (incl. buyouts) $3,336,800 SBA Housing Loans $186,400
Business Loans $129,200 CDBG Business Jumpstart $3,600 Housing Jumpstart $76,271
New Home/Rental Const. $4,670,927 State/Local Cost Share $784,146 Other
Infrastructure $0 Housing Buyouts $1,100,000 IOWA FINANCE AUTHORITY Low-Income
Tax Credits $18,019,940 STATE ECONOMIC EMERGENCY FUND City/County Grants $44,010
Housing Jumpstart $10,064 Individual Unmet Needs $23,934 Public Assistance -
Tornado Relief $0 STATE OF IOWA JUMPSTART Housing $24,999 Business $1,351,052
EDA Econ. Dev.

Planning $678,000 DOT Transportation $34,793 CEBA Business Grants $0 NEA
Arts/Culture grants $0 DISASTER TOTAL $41,653,531 I-JOBS FUNDS (as of 7.20.10)
________________________________________ LOCAL INFRASTRUCTURE (Competitive) NICC
& Dubuque County Library Renovation $750,000 ROAD FUNDS Ashbury $23,740 Balltown
$254 Bankston $131 Bernard $530 Cascade $18,973 Centralia $387 Dubuque $558,967
Durango $145 Dyersville $39,098 Epworth $15,523 Farley $12,926 Graf $339 Holy
Cross $2,092 Luxemburg $2,384 New Vienna $3,251 Peosta $10,194 Rickardsville
$1,659 Sageville $898 Worthington $2,511 Zwingle $737 Dubuque County $304,539
TOTAL ROAD FUNDS $999,278 COMMERCIAL SERVICE VERTICAL INFRASTRUCTURE Dubuque
Regional Airport $111,471 COMMUNITY ATTRACTIONS AND TOURISM Dubuque Community
Ice Arena $337,500 RIVER ENHANCEMENT COMMUNITY ATTRACTIONS AND TOURISM
Mississippi Plaza and Riverfront Marina $1,230,000 DNR -- RECREATIONAL TRAILS
Mines of Spain Well Installation $16,400 WATER QUALITY AT STATE PARKS EB Lyons
Nature Center $60,000 SHELTER GRANTS Dubuque YWCA Domestic Violence Program
$164,609 Opening Doors -- Teresa Shelter (Dubuque) $245,368 AFFORDABLE HOUSING
City of Dubuque -- Washington Neighborhood $240,000 STORM WATER GRANTS
Dyersville -- Rain Gardens $11,099 I-JOBS TOTAL $4,165,725 Iowa Gov. Chet Culver
had a bounce in his step Tuesday morning at Northeast Iowa Community College in
Peosta. The Legislative Services Agency reported Monday that Iowa's economy is
showing positive signs, and Culver emphasized the state's recent ranking by
Moody's as 49th in per capita debt. Culver visited NICC to track progress on two
construction projects receiving I-JOBS funding: $750,000 toward a new county
library and $366,000 toward labs and classrooms. The Legislature passed the $800
million I-JOBS program in 2009 to stimulate job creation in response to 2008's
massive flooding. More than $300 million of the $600 million allocated so far
has been geared toward flood recovery. "Some people have been critical of
I-JOBS, and my response is, 'What do you expect those communities to do?' "
Culver said. " 'Have a bake sale and come up with $300 million to recover from
the worst disaster in state history?' I look forward to a healthy debate over
the next 91 days about I-JOBS." Republican gubernatorial candidate Terry
Branstad also welcomes the debate. His campaign claims I-JOBS creates work
instead of long-term employment. A report last week showed 7,000 Iowans are
working because of I-JOBS, but construction employment is down 2,700 jobs since
I-JOBS was passed, and nearly 20,000 more Iowans are unemployed. "If you ask any
of the 7,000 people or their families if they think it's a good thing they've
got a job today - short-term or long-term - I can guarantee their answer will be
unequivocally, 'yes,' " Culver said. "And nobody's taxes were raised to pay for
I-JOBS." The state sold bonds to pay for I-JOBS, with plans to repay the debt
over 20 years with gambling revenues. The interest on that debt brings the total
cost to $1.7 billion. Branstad's campaign manager, Jeff Boeylink, said the
report didn't take the interest into account when it ranked Iowa's debt. "This
report gives a significantly distorted view of the state's debt situation,"
Boeylink said. "What Gov. Culver has done is mortgage our future in two
significant ways: His borrowing is shouldering debt on future generations to the
tune of $55 million a year over the next 23 years, and he is severely limiting
the funds that will be available over the next two decades to meet the
inevitable future infrastructure needs." Culver said the state has a AAA bond
rating, $500 million in cash reserves and finished the last fiscal year $150
million above expectations. "I'm excited about our fiscal position and our
outlook," Culver said. "We just finished the first month of the fiscal year, and
revenues were $400 million higher than expected." The report showed personal
income tax and corporate tax receipts ahead of 2009, with sales/use taxes
lagging. The report revealed a 0.6 percent decline compared to July 2009. "But
it was supposed to be negative 4.3 percent," Culver said. "Our economy is
revving up."

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              321 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 26, 2012 Monday

Alabama: Bentley grants will help abuse victims in Russell County

LENGTH: 303  words

DATELINE: Montgomery


The State of Alabama has issued the following news release:

Gov. Robert Bentley has awarded grants totaling $132,536 to support
organizations that assist victims of domestic violence and child abuse in
Russell County.

Crisis Center of Russell County is receiving three grants totaling $89,056 to
continue offering emergency shelter, counseling, food, clothing and other needs
for domestic violence victims. Started in 1991, the organization also provides
support groups and assistance in obtaining protection orders if necessary.

A $43,480 grant will support the operations of the Russell County Child Advocacy
Center. The organization works with local social service agencies and law
enforcement officers to aid victims and prosecute offenders. Specially trained
staff members conduct professional and confidential interviews with abuse
victims and their families in a secure setting. An interview room equipped with
closed-circuit recording equipment enables interviews to be taped and used as
evidence in prosecuting offenders.

The Alabama Department of Economic and Community Affairs is administering the
grants from funds made available by the U.S. Department of Justice and the U.S.
Department of Health and Human Services. ADECA administers an array of programs
that support law enforcement and traffic safety, economic development, energy
conservation, workforce development, water resource management and recreation
development.

Bentley informed Valerie McLain, executive director of the Crisis Center, and
Greg Allmendinger, president of the Child Advocacy Center's board, that the
grants had been approved.

In addition to grant funds, both organizations depend on private donations to
ensure a full range of free assistance is available to victims

For further information pleaase visit: http://media.alabama.gov .

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2012 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              322 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                     The Chronicle (Toowoomba, Queensland)

                            March 9, 2011 Wednesday

SECTION: Pg. 15

LENGTH: 607  words



HIGHLIGHT: Money crisis adds to frustrations


ONE of the frustrations I hear from people as I talk with affected communities
is about the confusing nature of the assistance programs available after a
disaster event.

The reconstruction task before us is enormous, but I know that for many
Queenslanders, making sense of the money during a crisis is even harder.

For people in areas of Queensland who are regularly impacted by natural
disasters like cyclones, the processes for getting help to get back on your feet
after an event are better known.

But the size and scope of the disaster events that hit us last summer are so
large, that for many this will be the first time they have to navigate what can
be a complicated process at a very difficult time. And with so many areas hit
hard, even finding out where to go for help can be overwhelming.

And so, I want to spend some time unscrambling the "help egg". The cost of
reconstructing Queensland post floods and cyclone Yasi will be more than $5
billion.

The Commonwealth and State governments have an assistance program called the
NDRRA or Natural Disaster Relief and Recovery Arrangement which comes into
effect when disaster strikes and immediately after.

The scheme is funded at 75 per cent by the Commonwealth and 25% from the State
Government. The Federal Government has already put $2B towards the
reconstruction effort.

Much of the money needed for the reconstruction of Queensland's public
infrastructure will come from this scheme and the Authority will manage the
money.

The NDRRA is broadly split into four categories: Category A is a form of
immediate emergency assistance that is given to people to help ease personal
hardship as a direct result of a natural disaster. It pays for things such as
emergency accommodation and food, as well as Counter Disaster Operations like
sandbags or tarpaulins.

Category B basically fixes what was broken. It pays for repairs to public assets
like major roads and helps businesses back on their feet through grants and
special loans. It also helps people have essential services like gas, power and
sewerage fixed in their homes.

Category C includes community recovery packages that look at the recovery from a
holistic perspective by providing grants and special loans to businesses,
primary producers and not-for-profit organisations for activities like cleanup,
debris removal and fodder drops.

The recently announced Category D provides extra support for eligible Category C
applicants who have suffered extreme damage by providing access to concessional
loans and grants. It is targeted to industries that are significant to local
communities and whose prolonged closure will have a huge impact on the
community.

The reality is, of course, that not all reconstruction jobs will fit under the
four categories the NDRRA provides for. That's why the government has announced
other programs like the $315m local councils' package and the $24.5m Sports
Fightback Fund which will pay for the reconstruction of water treatment plants
and community sporting facilities.

And yet, there'll be others still, that won't fit in any of the categories -
that's where donations will make all the difference.

As well making sure every dollar is best spent in affected communities the
authority is also managing a donor-matching program where pledges will be
matched to communities most in need of help.

But we need your help to get it right. The reconstruction effort will be driven
from the ground up. You know your communities best and you understand your
needs.

So stay engaged in the debate over ideas and suggestions and above all, put your
efforts into your community's recovery.

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TCH


                    Copyright 2011 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              323 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                            December 14, 2003 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

In Brief

SECTION: SECTION C; Pg. 3C

LENGTH: 802  words


Volusia EVAC to try out new equipment Volusia Countys nonprofit ambulance
service will become the fifth nationwide to participate in a trial of new
equipment intended to save the lives of heart attack victims. EVAC ambulance has
received seven AutoPulse resuscitation devices, which circulate blood through
the body during a heart attack, EVAC spokesman Mark OKeefe said. On Friday, 21
field- training officers got training in their use from the equipments
manufacturer. The officers will train EVAC emergency medical technicians and
paramedics to use the devices, which OKeefe said he hoped would be in use on
ambulances as early as Tuesday. EVAC was chosen to help with field evaluation of
the device because of the strength of its operations, including its system of
tracking patient outcomes, said Roy Kniveton, director of development and
education for the manufacturer, the Sunnyvale, Calif.-based Revivant Corp. At
theof a one-year trial, EVAC can buy the seven units, worth about $91,000, for
$1 each, Kniveton said. The AutoPulse device has been commercially available
since the beginning of the year, he said.

Fundamentally, it means that we have the potential for saving more lives, OKeefe
said. Shrimp boat hits New Smyrna bridge NEW SMYRNA BEACH A commercial shrimp
boat hit the North Causeway bridge at 9:40 a.m. Saturday, causing minor damage
to sewer and water lines running to the bridges control room tower. No injuries
or serious damage occurred, said Coast Guard Petty Officer Ian OBoyle. The Pete
& Queenie hit the north side of the bridge, east of the control tower and about
100 yards from the shoreline, said weekend bridge operator Paul Mayer. Fish and
Wildlife Conservation Commission Officer Audrey Zahn said the 60-foot boat,
which only suffered damage to an antenna and a light, was being piloted by its
owner, David A. Peatross, 50, of New Smyrna Beach.

I got a flu bug and I passed out while waiting for the bridge, Peatross said.
There was no structural damage to the bridge, Zahn said, or interruptions of
vehicular traffic. DMS Maintenance Systems Inc. was repairing the damaged lines
running to the bridges control room tower, Mayer said. Volusia receives homeless
aid grant Homeless people in Volusia County will be helped by $186,743 in
federal grants for shelter, food and other assistance. The state Department of
Children & Families announced Friday that 43 groups throughout Florida were
awarded more than $7.5 million in Federal Emergency Food and Shelter grants to
assist shelters, soup kitchens, food banks, rent, mortgage and utility
assistance programs. The grants are intended to assist communities that have
been affected by high rates of poverty and unemployment, according to DCF. In
each of the communities, a local board, composed of representatives from local
government and charitable organizations, advertises the availability of funds,
establishes local priorities, selects local nonprofit and government agencies to
receive funding and monitors program compliance. Since its inception in 1983,
the Federal Emergency Food and Shelter grant program has awarded more than $2.4
billion to communities nationwide, and has accounted for millions of additional
meals and nights of shelter to those people most in need. Firefighters, police
host blood drive Daytona Beach firefighters and police officers will host the
second annual Guns and Hoses competition blood drive beginning Friday and
running until Jan. 9. All donors receive a Badges for Life T-shirt and entry in
a drawing for prizes from area restaurants and stores. To schedule an
appointment to donate blood, call the American Red Cross at (386) 226- 1400,
ext. 129, and specify whether the donation is on behalf of the police or
firefighters. The American Red Cross Donor Center is at 341 White St. in Daytona
Beach. Two pedestrians hurt in separate accidents DELAND Two pedestrians were
struck in separate vehicle crashes early Saturday night. A woman or girl who was
hit in the 2300 block of South Woodland Boulevard at 6:57 p.m. was airlifted to
Halifax Medical Center in Daytona Beach, said Mark OKeefe, a spokesman for EVAC,
the countys ambulance service. It was unclear how serious her condition was
Saturday night. Meanwhile, at 6:06 p.m., an accident at the corner of South
Adelle and Beresford avenues just south of DeLand resulted in a boy being taken
by ambulance to Florida Hospital DeLand. His injuries were considered minor and
he was in stable condition while being transported, OKeefe said. The Florida
Highway Patrol was on the scene at a third accident in the area shortly after 8
p.m., but it was unclear whether anyone was seriously injured. The entrance ramp
from U.S. 17-92 onto State Road 472 was shut down for more than half an hour as
officials worked the scene. Staff Report

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: DBNJ

                Copyright 2003 ProQuest Information and Learning
                              All Rights Reserved
                               ProQuest SuperText
                    Copyright 2003 News-Journal Corporation


                              324 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 19, 2015 Friday

Rep. Jared Huffman Unveils Drought Response Legislation, Calls for Public Input

LENGTH: 2036  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Office of the House of Representative Jared Huffman, U.S Government has issued
the following news release:

Congressman Jared Huffman (D-San Rafael), who serves as the ranking Democrat on
the Water, Power, and Oceans Subcommittee, today unveiled comprehensive
legislation to respond to the worst drought in California state history and
called for public input on the draft bill before its formal introduction.
Huffman asked Californians throughout the state to visit
Huffman.house.gov/drought to read the draft legislation and give their feedback.

The legislation includes a range of short- and long-term solutions to stretch
water supplies and build new clean water infrastructure, creating jobs without
undermining environmental protections, preempting state laws, or redirecting
impacts from one drought-stricken area to another.

Huffman's bill is supported by a growing list of state and national
organizations, including: The Association of California Water Agencies, the
California Association of Sanitation Agencies, the California Water Environment
Association, the National Association of Clean Water Agencies, the Water
Environment Federation, the Western Recycled Water Coalition, the WateReuse
Association, the Planning & Conservation League, Restore the Delta, and the San
Francisco Crab Boat Owners Association.

Huffman said:

"After years of partisan theater and overreaching that pits some water interests
against others in a zero-sum game, it's time for Congress to get serious and
stop treating California's worst-ever drought as a political football.

"The bill I am offering is a comprehensive response that helps every
drought-impacted state and region without picking winners and losers, without
undermining environmental laws, and without preempting state water rights. It
includes critically-needed short-term actions and longer-term solutions to help
us through future droughts. It produces much greater water supply benefits, and
faster, than other congressional proposals.

"And it does all of this in an open, transparent process:  we've reached out to
get ideas and feedback from all sorts of stakeholders, experts, and colleagues
of both parties, and now we're making the draft bill available for anyone to
review and comment on before it is introduced.

"This is what a serious approach to western drought and water issues should look
like."

Huffman's bill has already attracted numerous original cosponsors, including
Reps. Sam Farr (D-CA), Mark DeSaulnier (D-CA), Jerry McNerney (D-CA), Mike
Thompson (D-CA).

Huffman's draft drought response legislation reflects four basic principles:

Do no harm--ours is a complex system, and we should not redirect impacts or
micromanage it from Washington.
    No water wars--end attempts to gut environmental laws and take water from
other regions. Solutions must respect environmental and water quality laws, and
benefit every region impacted by this drought.
    Think long-term--we should respond not just to the immediate crisis but
build drought resiliency for the future.
    Process matters--successful water initiatives require transparency,
inclusiveness, and deliberation. Back room deals and secret water grabs
invariably create more problems than they solve.

A PDF of Huffman's drought response bill can be found HERE.

A section-by-section summary of Huffman's bill can be found below:

In response to the drought conditions in California and other western states,
the draft legislation includes immediate emergency measures as well as long-term
investments in water supply reliability.

Title I: Emergency Drought Response Appropriations from Reclamation Fund

This title uses the Reclamation Fund as a source for emergency appropriations
for public health and safety; for expanding water recycling, reuse, and
reclamation; for meeting the emergency needs of communities impacted by the
drought; and for developing long term solutions to meet the impacts of climate
change on this already arid region of the country. The Reclamation Fund was
established in 1902, funded by public land sales within the western States and
territories for the purposes of funding water infrastructure projects. The Fund
has historically been supplemented with additional revenues from federal water
resources development and mineral and natural resource leases on federal lands,
and now has a surplus that exceeds $10 billion.

Emergency EPA Appropriations: $500 million (see below)
    Emergency WIFIA Appropriations: $20 million (see below)
    Reclamation Appropriations: $200 million total, including $20 million for
Title XVI and $20 million for WaterSMART. Remaining funding could also be used
for RIFIA (see Section below). Also directs a portion of the emergency
Reclamation appropriations to completing Cal-Fed water storage feasibility
studies that have the financing and support to be under construction within 10
years.
    Army Corps Appropriations: $40 million for Section 5039 of WRDA 2007, which
was an environmental infrastructure (reuse and recycling) authorization for
California that has never been funded.
    Rural Utilities Service Rural Water Program: $5 million (Includes Emergency
Community Water Assistance Grants to assist rural communities that have
experienced a significant decline in quantity or quality of drinking water)
    Emergency Grants To Assist Low-Income Migrant and Seasonal Farmworkers: $25
million
    Curtailing Water Theft from Illegal Marijuana Grows: $3 million
    Improving Groundwater Recharge and Upstream Watershed Protection for Water
Quality and Quantity: $100 million
    EPA Superfund: $300 million for cleanup of contaminated groundwater to
improve available supplies especially in urban areas.
    GAO Report on Duplication and Fragmentation in Water Agencies.

Emergency EPA Appropriations Funding: An emergency appropriation for EPA's Clean
Water and Drinking Water State Revolving Funds of $500 million with priority for
drought response projects. Increases repayment period to reflect the full life
of the capital investment.

Emergency WIFIA Appropriations Funding: An emergency appropriation of $20
million for WIFIA, a new pilot water infrastructure financing program
established by the recently passed WRRDA, with the additional change allowing
the program to work with tax-exempt municipal financing for projects in areas
with drought declarations.

Title II: New Water Infrastructure Program Authorizations

New Water Recycling and Reclamation Program Through EPA: Would establish a new
EPA grant program to support water recycling projects. Designed to establish a
nationwide program, not just in the Reclamation states, to support water
recycling and supplement Reclamation's Title XVI program.

Reclamation Infrastructure Finance and Innovation Act (RIFIA): Three-part
program of expanding the Bureau of Reclamation's toolbox in financing water
infrastructure projects.

Innovative Financing: Modeled after the successful and popular Transportation
Infrastructure Finance and Innovation Act (TIFIA) program, this title would
offer long- term, low-cost financing for eligible water infrastructure projects
directly and indirectly associated with a Bureau of Reclamation (Reclamation)
project. Funds, under the Act ($50 million a year), would be available to
finance the planning, design and construction as well as the acquisition of real
property or an interest in real property if the acquisition is integral to an
otherwise eligible project.
    Integrated Regional Water Management, Reclamation, and Recycling Projects:
Would allow Reclamation to participate as a technical and financial partner with
state and local water management entities to develop storage and conveyance
associated with regional integrated water management, and water recycling
projects. Provides authority for Reclamation to participate in these projects
with cost-shared grants of up to $15 million, and funds would be available to be
expended for up to five years--program would be authorized at $150 million.
    Local and Federal Coordination on Improvements to Reclamation Facilities:
Would authorize the Secretary of the Interior, under specific conditions, to
transfer ownership of a small Reclamation project to a non-federal entity. This
will allow for the non-federal operating entity to obtain a loan guarantee that
would not constitute a "third-party" financed obligation and would be favorably
"scored" under congressional budget rules.

Innovative Stormwater Capture Program: Incorporates Congresswoman Edwards's
bill, the Innovative Stormwater Infrastructure Act, to establish new approaches
to manage and capture stormwater runoff.

Title III: Improved Infrastructure and Water Management

Restoring America's Watersheds and Increasing Water Yields Act: Incorporates
Senator Heinrich's bill, Restoring America's Watersheds Act, to develop a Water
Source Protection Program within the Forest Service to protect and restore
watersheds.

Reservoir Operation Improvement: Incorporates Congressman Huffman's bill,
FORECAST Act, to give the Secretary of the Army authority to review the
operation of a reservoir, at the request of its non-Federal sponsor, and
determine if a change in operation using improved weather forecasts and run-off
forecasting through  National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration would
improve authorized project benefits.

Reclamation Projects for Renewable Energy to Reduce Evaporation Loss:
Establishes projects to improve water supply by reducing water loss from
evaporation. Allows the Bureau of Reclamation to conduct lease sales for solar
and wind energy projects on Reclamation land, reservoirs, canals, and other
infrastructure. Also, promotes conservation by creating a fund for Fish and
Wildlife Restoration supported out of royalties paid by the private developers
of the projects, with royalties also shared with states and localities.

Improved Reclamation Crop Data: Instructs the Secretary of the Interior to
immediately survey Bureau of Reclamation agricultural water contracts to
determine if the contractors have converted annual crops to water-intense
permanent crops during periods of state-declared drought, which hardens demand
for water. Within ninety days from enactment, report back to Congress the
acreage put into production, the types of crops, and the impact these new water-
intense permanent crops have on Bureau of Reclamation's ability to meet
competing water demands.

Improved Oversight of State Injection Wells: Suspends a state's delegated
authority for the regulation of injection wells under the Safe Drinking Water
Act if the state fails within ninety days to address deficiencies that have
harmed groundwater aquifers.

Combating Water Theft for Illegal Marijuana Cultivation: Directs the Department
of Justice to develop a plan to address illegal water diversions for marijuana
cultivation. Creates a structure for funding remediation of trespass grow sites
that threaten to impact watersheds and water quality.

Title IV: Planning for the Future

X-Prize for Desalination Breakthroughs: Establishes an expanded X Prize for
development of new desalination technologies overseen by a board of scientists
and representatives from the Department of Energy, EPA, NSF, and Reclamation.

Drought Planning Assistance through NRCS and Reclamation: Requires the National
Resources Conservation Service to provide water supply planning assistance in
preparation for and in response to dry, critically dry, and below normal water
year types to any state water agency requesting such assistance.

Drought Preparedness for Fisheries: Directs U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, in
consultation with state and federal agencies, to prepare a salmon drought plan
to address the impacts of drought on the salmon population.

National Emergency Planning Response: Directs the President to plan for a
national response to prolonged droughts, utilizing all available resources of
the federal government.

Military Preparedness for Desalination: Directs the Secretary of the Navy to
report on the viability of providing relief to areas impacted by drought with
existing defense desalination technology.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              325 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                      The Stonewall County Courier (Texas)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                January 3, 2013

USDAs Accomplishments in 2012

BYLINE: Stonewall County Courier staff

LENGTH: 454  words


Over the course of 2012, farm families and rural communities faced a number of
challenges. A record drought impacted much of the country and many were impacted
by a major hurricane, flooding and severe storms. However, thanks to the
resilience of rural Americans, our communities are still going strong. Over the
course of this year, USDA continued our record efforts to help folks across our
nation, and I am proud of the work we carried out. We supported agriculture.
This summer, USDA convened the White House Rural Council to help America's
farmers and ranchers overcome drought. We provided unique flexibility for crop
insurance that saved producers more than $20 million, expanded emergency lending
for producers, opened more than 2.8 million acres of conservation land for
emergency forage and more. We promoted exports, with agricultural exports
hitting a near-record level this year, and staying on track to set a new record
in 2013. New, fully implemented trade agreements promise more than $2 billion in
additional agricultural trade every year, and over the course of 2012 we broke
down even more unfair trade barriers to U.S. products.

We supported conservation efforts. In America's National Forests, we adopted a
modern planning rule that will conserve the forest while creating more jobs. We
protected more communities, clearing more than 4 million additional acres of
flammable brush from forests. We continued our work with more than half a
million private landowners to conserve America's soil and water.

We built up communities. USDA provided an additional 10,000 loans and grants for
rural businesses. We helped 150,000 more families achieve the dream of
homeownership and carried out more than 1,500 new community facility projects.
Meanwhile we expanded our efforts to improve rural infrastructure, with 10,000
new miles of electric line and more than 1,500 water improvement projects. We
ensured a safe food supply, and nutritious food for Americans. USDA took
historic action this year to further inspect ground and raw beef products, and
tighten standards for poultry. We continued our efforts to help one in four
Americans put food on the table, while maintaining the integrity of food
assistance programs. And we helped provide emergency food assistance for
Hurricane Sandy victims -just one of more than 100 disasters for which we have
provided this assistance since 2009. I'm proud of these efforts. From supporting
farmers to furthering business, our wide range of accomplishments stand as proof
that USDA touches the lives of every American, every day. Since 2009, we've
achieved record results in almost every part of what we do and I look forward to
accomplishing even more in the year to come.

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Community

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SCC

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                  Copyright 2013 The Stonewall County Courier


                              326 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                     Monroe County Appeal (Paris, Missouri)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                January 17, 2013

USDA Highlights 2012 Investments to Build Stronger Rural Communities;
Investment included monies to Ralls County

BYLINE: Monroe County Appeal staff

LENGTH: 932  words


Rural Development helps to invest more than $30 billion to strengthen rural
America

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack recently issued a report highlighting USDA
Rural Development's fiscal year (FY) 2012 investments in job creation,
businesses, infrastructure and housing for Americans living in rural communities
across the nation.

"President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
in rural communities that have made them stronger," Vilsack said. "Thanks to our
loan, grant and technical assistance programs, USDA Rural Development is helping
residents and rural enterprises thrive, and we are laying a strong foundation
for rural America's future."

With an active portfolio of more than $176 billion in loans and loan guarantees,
Rural Development has provided affordable housing, improved utility
infrastructure, and helped businesses and cooperatives create jobs, build rural
economies and increase the quality of life in rural areas. For a full copy of
the 2012 Progress Report, go to http://www.rurdev.usda.
gov/SupportDocuments/RDProgressReport-2012. pdf.

Missouri Rural Development State Director Janie Dunning stated, "The amounts
listed mean a return of taxpayer dollars to the states. In Missouri,
$992,406,000 was returned in the form of grants, loans and loan guarantees. This
is money directly assisting businesses to create or retain jobs and communities
to maintain quality of life for residents and visitors"

For example, in 2012, nearly 64,000 rural residents received new or better
access to broadband Internet service. Under the Rural Utilities Program, Rural
Development provided approximately $4.7 billion in electric loans, $173 million
in telecommunications loans and grants, and $1.4 billion in water and waste
disposal loan and grants.

Through its Community Facilities loan and grant program, Rural Development
provided more than $8.6 million to construct or improve 48 rural libraries, and
provided more than $888 million in assistance for 243 projects to improve the
delivery of health care for rural Americans. All told, Rural Development
provided more than $1.5 billion in community facilities loans and grants to
develop or improve essential facilities like these in rural areas.

In addition to the efforts to support education and health care, another key
aspect of the Community Facilities program is the ability to support emergency
responders. For example, Missouri Rural Development provided $417,680 to 25
entities; ambulance districts, cities, counties and villages; to improve first
responders' and emergency early warning systems' capability. Many of these
communities had no equipment or were without adequate equipment to protect lives
and properties during hazardous situations.

Rural Development is also the lead agency ensuring that rural families have
access to safe, well-built, affordable homes. In 2012, Rural Development helped
7,940 families with low-incomes obtain safe, affordable homes, providing
approximately $900.9 million in single-family direct subsidized loans. Under the
single-family guaranteed loan program, Rural Development helped more than
145,100 moderate-income families purchase single-family homes. More than 7,000
rural individuals or families were able to repair their homes under the home
repair loan and grant program.

In 2012, USDA Rural Development assisted more than 270,000 low- and
very-low-income families, who were able to live in safe, multi-family housing
thanks to $904.7 million in rental assistance to bring their rents to an
affordable level.

Rural Development also helped approximately 1,700 families move into new
apartment units through $122.6 million for low-income rental housing
development, $104.3 million in guaranteed loans for moderate-income rental
housing development, and $5.5 million for multi-family housing for farm workers
and their families.

Through Rural Development's business and cooperative loan, grant and technical
assistance programs, the agency helped about 9,700 rural small business owners
or farmers improve their enterprises in 2012. Business and cooperative program
funding created or saved more than 53,000 rural jobs in 2012. Rural Development
provided slightly more than $1 billion in Business and Industry loan guarantees,
$25.5 million in Rural Business Enterprise grants, $50.3 million in Rural
Economic Development loans and grants, $17.5 million in Intermediary Relending
Program loans, and $40.4 million in Value Added Producer Grants in 2012.

For example, a $1,000,000 Rural Economic Development Loan and $300,000 Rural
Economic Development Grant to Missouri's Ralls County Electric Cooperative is
facilitating the construction of a Higher Education Center in Hannibal, Missouri
by Moberly Area Community College (MACC). MACC is leveraging the Rural Economic
Development funds with a Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) grant of
$1,275,240, a MACC contribution of $1,000,000, a Hannibal community contribution
of $900,918 and a Ralls County Electric Cooperative loan of $60,000.

The 16,890 square feet MACC Higher Education Center will house educational and
administrative space. Included in center will be classrooms, a library, student
lounge, faculty and staff offices and building support. The center will have the
latest in education-. al resources and technology. For additional information on
Rural Development projects, please visit Rural Development's new interactive web
map featuring program funding and success stories for the past four fiscal
years. The data can be found at: http://www.rurdev.
usda.gov/RDSuccessSto-ries.html.

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MCA

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2013 Monroe County Appeal


                              327 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Globe (Worthington, Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 30, 2010 Friday

Disaster aid on way to region: Northwest Iowa gets presidential declaration in
wake of tornado

BYLINE: Laura Grevas, The Daily Globe, Worthington, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 854 words


July 30--DES MOINES, Iowa -- O'Brien and Osceola counties were among those for
which President Barack Obama authorized a presidential disaster declaration.

At least 32 counties in Iowa were impacted by flooding and storms beginning June
1.

The declaration will provide federal funding under the Public Assistance
Program, which provides aid to rebuild damaged infrastructure such as roads and
bridges and other public facilities, or to cover the costs of debris removal or
emergency work during storms. The funding source breaks down as 75 percent
federal, 15 percent state and 10 percent from local government.

In Osceola County, that will mean reimbursing county road crews and the Rural
Electric Cooperative for all the work they did clearing trees and debris
following the June 25 tornado that devastated parts of Sibley.

"Houses west of Sibley were where most of the damage came from," said Dan
Bechler, Osceola County Emergency Management Director, noting that the town also
sustained some flood damage.

Worst hit was Melvin, which saw 7 inches of rain in one night.

"There were four to five houses that I saw where the water level was at 4 to 5
feet in the basement," Bechler continued. "The mayor estimates between 25 and 30
homes had damage."

In his request to Obama, Gov. Chet Culver also asked for Individual Assistance
Program funding, which provides assistance to home owners and small businesses,
for eligible residents in 18 counties. That request is still under
consideration. The 18 counties are Butler, Cherokee, Clay, Decatur, Emmet,
Franklin, Hamilton, Howard, Lee, O'Brien, Osceola, Palo Alto, Ringgold, Taylor,
Union, Warren, Webster and Wright.

Bechler said he's been informing Osceola County homeowners they can apply
independently for Individual Assistance funding because the state is also under
a disaster declaration, but aid is yet to come.

"Until FEMA gets going here, there's not much we can do for them," he said.

O'Brien County's weather problems "started toward the end of June with heavy
rains in the south part of the county," said emergency management director Anne
Koontz. "Lots of folks down there in Sutherland, Paulina, Calumet area and in
Primghar had heavy rains, groundwater seeping into the basements. ... Then we
had some more rain, this time the north end of the county got it -- equal
opportunity."

Windstorms knocked down trees and many roads were washed out around culverts,
and the Public Assistance Program funding will go to fix roads and bridges, as
well as compensate city workers for overtime accrued.

Residents of O'Brien County may also apply for a state Department of Human
Services grant if they had a furnace, water heater or the like damaged in the
flooding. Rural residents should call the sheriff's office, while city residents
should call their city hall.

Teams of local, state and federal officials are currently assessing damages in
20 counties. The assessments are expected to be completed by Sunday.

"I am grateful the President has moved so quickly to grant our request to
designate a third of our counties as disaster areas, making them eligible for
public assistance," Culver said in a news release. "There is much work to be
done to help flooded communities across the state recover, and the President's
action provides some relief for the repair of public assets. ... In anticipation
that some Iowa counties will be proclaimed as eligible for individual assistance
, I have directed appropriate agencies in my Administration to put the finishing
touches on a state-based assistance program similar to the successful
'Jumpstart' effort that moved desperately needed resources into Cedar Rapids and
other communities affected by the floods of 2008."

The Presidential Disaster Declaration includes funding to conduct hazard
mitigation activities for the entire state. With this funding, Iowa will be able
to minimize the impact of future natural disasters by taking steps now to
strengthen existing infrastructure.

In addition, Culver issued a proclamation making it easier for residents of
counties under disaster proclamations to replace vehicle title certificates,
registration cards and license plates lost due to flooding. The proclamation
suspends the fee and the five-day waiting period for issuance of a replacement
copy of an original title certificate, registration card, plate or pair of
plates. The suspensions are effective immediately and are effective through Aug.
27.

"I'm sure the farmers are hurting, too, with the flooded fields," Koontz added.
"I've been here 26 years and I don't think I've seen anything like this. So many
trees blew over that the Primghar courthouse square looks like a battle zone."

To see more of The Daily Globe, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.dglobe.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Daily Globe, Worthington, Minn.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail services@mctinfoservices.com, or
call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States, call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100730-QG-Disaster-aid-on-way-to-region-20100730

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QG


                         Copyright 2010 The Daily Globe


                              328 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Santa Cruz Sentinel (California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            March 19, 2014 Wednesday

Construction underway on Lompico emergency pipeline

BYLINE: Kara Guzman, Santa Cruz Sentinel, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 293 words


March 19--Lompico >> Construction has started on an emergency pipeline between
the Lompico and San Lorenzo Valley water districts, expected to bring relief to
the small, rural community in danger of running out of water.

On Jan. 28, Lompico County Water District was named by the state health
department as one of 17 districts in danger of running out of water within 60 to
120 days.

Despite February's rainfall, well production has continued to drop, said Lois
Henry, board president. A pipeline would preclude the need to truck in water
during summer months, she said.

An unexpected twist is that more than a third of the pipeline, initially planned
to be temporary, will now be permanent. Due to the number of driveways and trees
along Lake Boulevard, the pipeline will have to go underground, which means an
additional $24,000 cost.

The board passed a motion to use emergency grant funding to cover half the cost,
provided the Lake Boulevard Road Association, a neighborhood coalition, would
cover the rest.

The pipeline project may exceed the $115,000 budget, said Henry, who also said
she expects the state public health department's assistance for further grant
funding.

Construction is expected to be completed by April, said board member Rick
Harrington.

Lompico water customers may see fines for high water use this summer. The board
plans to call a special meeting to declare an emergency water shortage, which
would allow the district to charge fines. Customers have been under stage three
mandatory conservation measures since Jan. 21, but fines have not yet been
addressed.

___ (c)2014 the Santa Cruz Sentinel (Scotts Valley, Calif.) Visit the Santa Cruz
Sentinel (Scotts Valley, Calif.) at www.santacruzsentinel.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140319-QC-Construction-underway-on-Lompico-emergency
-pipeline-0319-20140319

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QC


                       Copyright 2014 Santa Cruz Sentinel


                              329 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                           October 20, 2011 Thursday

Article for emergency alert system to be on warrant

BYLINE: Karen Trainor

SECTION: Pg. 8

LENGTH: 240 words

DATELINE: BROOKFIELD


BROOKFIELD - Brookfield Emergency Management Director Keith Karrmann has
proposed a special town meeting warrant article to fund the services of
Blackboard Connect, a community notification agency. According to Mr. Karrmann,
the service, which is for emergency alerts and community outreach, is a cost
effective way to contact residents via telephone, email and texts.

"It is cheaper in the long run than the four-tower system," Mr. Karrmann told
the Board of Selectmen at their meeting on Oct. 11.

He said in addition to alerting residents of emergencies, the service could
target certain areas of town to notify citizens of such situations as road
closings and water shortages.

Mr. Karrmann said the annual cost of the service is $3,600, which averages out
to $1.91 per Brookfield household. Selectmen agreed to put an article to fund
the service on the Nov. 18 special town meeting warrant.

Selectmen also voted to support the annual Community Development Block Grant
application to participate in regional programs with Ware, Warren, and Hardwick.

The community offerings consist of housing rehabilitation, adult literacy and
support services.

Brookfield has participated in the joint project for several years, and
according to selectmen, the housing program has rehabilitated an average of five
Brookfield units per year.

"A lot of people have been helped and the list gets longer every year," reported
Administrative Assistant Donna Neylon.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: BROOKFIELD - Brookfield Emergency Management Director Keith Karrmann
has proposed a special town meeting warrant article to fund the services of
Blackboard Connect, a community notification agency. According to Mr. Karrmann,
the service, which is for emergency alerts and community outreach, is a cost
effective way to contact residents via telephone, email and texts.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              330 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 EKantipur.com

                           September 28, 2010 Tuesday

US$2 million aid to humanitarian projects

LENGTH: 388  words

DATELINE: KATHMANDU


KATHMANDU, Sept. 28 -- United Nations Under-Secretary-General for Humanitarian
Affairs and Emergency Relief Coordinator, Valerie Amos, allocated US$ 2 million
to Nepal-based UN . The funding from the Central Emergency Response Fund (CERF)
is to be used for seven life-saving humanitarian projects in the country.

Issuing a press release on Tuesday, UN Humanitarian office said, "Three and half
million people in the country are food insecure and hunger and malnutrition are
high." "In addition, since August, monsoon rains have resulted in flooding and
landslides in all five regions of the country," read the statement.

"The CERF grant of $353,343 to the United Nations Children's Emergency Fund
(UNICEF) and a further grant of $146,760 for UN Habitat."

According to the release, the grants are to be used to provide life-saving
water, sanitation and hygiene interventions for 900,000 people in 11 flood and
diarrhoea prone districts to promote hygiene, protect water resources with
elevated hand pumps and undertake minor repair for potable water in the
communities. UNICEF received $ 415,327 to continue community based management of
acute malnutrition for over 26,000 children in five districts.

The United Nations Population Fund (UNPF) is to use $ 235,871 in CERF grants to
provide life saving reproductive health services through mobile outreach camps
in four of the most remote districts of Nepal. The United Nations High
Commission for Refugees (UNHCR) will put $ 106,196 from CERF towards maintaining
health services in seven camps in eastern Nepal hosting 79,220 refugees from
Bhutan.

The statement also read that the World Health Organisation (WHO) grant of $
221,556 will help provide essential medicine, response equipment, emergency
health kits, diarrhoea disease kits and other essential supplies in 10 districts
and will equip rapid response teams.

The World Food Programme will also get CERF grant of $ 520,978 to provide food
aid through food-for-work that will benefit 12,000 people in different parts of
the country.

CERF was established in 2006 to make funding for humanitarian emergencies faster
and more equitable. Published by HT Syndication with permission from
EKantipur.com. For any query with respect to this article or any other content
requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                 Copyright 2010 Kantipur Publications Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              331 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                  The State Journal-Register(Springfield, IL)

                            March 7, 2001 Wednesday

Latest round of state grants awarded

BYLINE: STATE CAPITOL BUREAU

SECTION: LOCAL, Pg. 9

LENGTH: 468 words


Gov. George Ryan this week announced the release of more than $1.5 million in
grants to help capital development projects for central and western Illinois,
including $85,000 for restoration and additions to the Lincoln Memorial Garden
and Nature Center in Springfield.

The Springfield center is one 39 public museums in Illinois to receive state
dollars from the Museum Capital Grants Program. The museum grants total $10
million.

" The Museum Capital Grants Program is providing much-needed support to local
initiatives that are strengthening the ability of museums to meet their
educational missions," Ryan said in a written statement.

Also this week, Taylorville officials learned they'll be getting $336,000 in
state funding to cover approximately half the cost of continuing installation of
new storm sewers in Ward 3, part of a five-phase project that began in 1996 to
install storm sewers throughout the city.

This portion of the project extends the new storm sewer over six blocks in the
southwest corner of town from Vandeveer and Houston streets north one block to
Adams and Simpson streets.

Taylorville Mayor Jim Montgomery Jr. said the city had applied for $400,000 in
state assistance and has received $1.2 million from the state for the storm
sewer project as a whole.

Montgomery said the city hopes to have the Ward 3 phase of the project done by
the end of this year. Phase four of the five-step project is expected to cost
$685,000.

The Department of Commerce and Community Affairs announced Taylorville's grant
through the state's Community Development Assistance Program.

Among other communities that received a share of the $24 million doled out for
various community projects was the village of Tovey, which received $80, 000 to
design a connecting water line to Pawnee.

Among other Springfield- area grants announced this week is Illinois FIRST
funding that includes:

* $175,000 to the Bunker Hill Fire Protection District to buy a new fire truck.

* $170,000 to the Chapin Rural Fire Association to buy a new fire truck and
safety equipment.

* $102,400 to the Logan County Sheriff's Department to buy defibrillators for
Logan, Mason, DeWitt, Woodford and Tazewell counties.

* $100,000 to the Murrayville-Woodson Emergency Ambulance Service to buy a new
and a used ambulance.

* $100,000 to the Scottville-Modesto Rural Fire Protection District to renovate
its stations and purchase a new fire truck.

* $100,000 to the city of Jacksonville to renovate the indoor firing range in
the Jacksonville Police Department.

* $60,000 to the Kilbourne Fire Protection District to buy a new fire truck.

* $50,000 to the Rural Pittsfield Fire Protection District to buy new fire
truck.

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: ON WEB SITE

                   Copyright 2001 The State Journal-Register


                              332 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Herald Sun (Australia)

                             June 30, 2007 Saturday
                                 FIRST Edition

King-hit by king tide torrent;
WATER THUNDERS OVER GLENMAGGIE DAM, HITS NEWRY AND FLOODS IVAN McNALLY

BYLINE: Mike Edmonds and Matt Doran

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 1130  words


Lakes Entrance

LAKES Entrance was on red alert last night as a king tide and floodwaters joined
forces to threaten the coastal resort.

An emergency accommodation centre was being set up as floodwaters and the king
tide began rising.

The 1.4m tide, with the extra pull of a near-full moon, created treacherous
conditions for emergency workers evacuating families from low-lying beach
houses.

Roads in and out of the town were closed and residents urged to evacuate amid
fears the flood would reach record levels.

Country Fire Authority captain Geoff Bassett said at least 15 homes were awash
with water, with many more likely to follow.

''We've had more than 150 call-outs and we've been through at least 6000 sand
bags,'' Captain Bassett said.

''Bread and milk supplies have been cut off. Things look set to get worse with a
full moon tonight and tomorrow.''

Comfort Inn Emmanuel hotel owner George Kyriakou said sewage had spurted up
through drains in six of his suites, covering the rooms in ankle-deep water.

''We had to cancel all our bookings because they're saying the worst is yet to
come,'' he said.

Laura St resident Lorraine Gordion was weighing up whether to flee as the water
banked up around her home.

''I'm propping up all the furniture, but the water's coming up quickly,'' she
said.

''I can't get my little car out because it will be washed away. I guess I just
have to pray now.''

At the Woodbine Caravan Park, Oscar Brennan was far more complacent as he sipped
a Melbourne Bitter in the knee-high water that surrounded his caravan.

''What will be will be,'' he mused. ''If the water gets in I'll just dry out the
carpet and away we go.''

Mr Brennan, a shark fisherman, said he'd lived in the caravan for 18 years.

''It's funny -- any other week people would have paid $10 for a bucket of water.
Now they'd pay $10,000 to take 10 buckets away.''

With water rushing down all the rivers feeding into the Gippsland Lakes unable
to drain fast enough out to sea, Lakes Entrance and other holiday centres were
all under threat.

Residents in low-lying areas were warned yesterday afternoon to evacuate to
higher ground.

The warning was delivered during an emergency community meeting involving the
State Emergency Services, police, local councils and about 200 residents to
discuss evacuation plans.

Hundreds of SES and CFA volunteers, police and the local council were
doorknocking dozens of homes to alert residents.

The SES said most Gippsland rivers had begun to recede, but flows were still
rushing into the Gippsland Lakes.

Until two or three high tides have passed at Lakes Entrance the effect on water
levels was impossible to estimate.

''In effect, the high tide is going to hold these waters in,'' SES spokesman
Allan Briggs said.

''They will have no chance to be released into the ocean and this could
seriously affect a number of properties over a substantial area.''

Police also issued a warning to locals and people travelling through that the
danger period had not passed.

The Princes Highway reopened yesterday at Bairnsdale, but many local roads were
still closed.

Police said some motorists were ignoring road advisory signs and warned that
water over the road might hide large road washaways or debris.

The Federal Government yesterday stepped in and announced the top-up grants
flood victims could claim, over and above grants on offer from the State
Government.

Prime Minister John Howard said anybody seriously injured or left with a badly
damaged home would be eligible.

''Anyone who has suffered serious injury, or whose home has been destroyed, or
rendered uninhabitable for 48 hours, is entitled to a special additional payment
of $1000 an adult and $400 a child,'' Mr Howard said.

''That arrangement is active and available as of now and there is a Centrelink
number (to call).''

Premier Steve Bracks has already said flood victims may be eligible for State
Government emergency assistance grants of between $900 and $7300.

Yesterday he urged employers to give workers time to volunteer in the relief
effort.

''I know it's a difficult time. I know it's hard on their business, but that
time is crucial in protecting the people and assets in that region,'' he said.

Federal Labor leader Kevin Rudd said Labor fully supported Mr Howard's pledge.

''Federal Labor offers full bipartisan support to all assistance deemed
necessary . . . to help those affected by this flood to get back on to their own
two feet,'' Mr Rudd said.

Governor-General Michael Jeffery said he and his wife Marlena's thoughts and
prayers were with the communities affected.

In Sale, hotels were heavily booked by people prevented from getting home by
flooding.

''We had a few people who had to stay here last night because they could not get
through to Stratford,'' said Diane King from the Sale Motel.

One worker at the Maffra visitor information centre described the situation as
horrible.

''The Macalister River, behind the town, it's all flooded. The whole area there
-- the park, it's gone into houses,'' said Gillian, who gave no surname.

''It's still high. Heyfield is still surrounded. It's flowing and it's all like
a brickie colour. It's horrible, terrible, the water's just absolutely mind
blowing.''

The Australian Red Cross has opened a hotline for people to check on friends and
family in the region who may have been evacuated.

The hotline number is 1800 727 077.

Hundreds of school students were given an unexpected bonus by the floods -- an
earlier-than-expected start to the school holidays.

The Education Department yesterday cancelled classes at 42 schools around
Gippsland because of the floods.

''We've also been very fortunate in that none of the schools have themselves
been flooded,'' said Gippsland regional director Michonne van Rees.

''Most of the damage is relatively minor and has been limited to rain leaking
through roofs and some tree damage, mostly trees having been blown down on
playingfields,'' she said.

The Uniting Church last night set up a fund to help the flood recovery.

Executive director of Kilmany Uniting Care John Lawrence said funds raised would
be used in the flood aftermath.

''We want to be able to provide assistance one month, two months and six months
down the track,'' he said.

Donations can be made toll-free on 1800 060 543.

The Commonwealth Bank and Telstra offered assistance packages to flood-hit
customers.

The Commonwealth Bank's package includes fast-tracking insurance claims, loan
restructuring for business customers and additional loans or changes to mortgage
repayments for customers in difficulty.

Telstra offered free call diversion for customers from a fixed line to another
fixed or mobile service. And mobile customers who lose their fixed line will be
charged fixed line rates while using the more expensive service.

Floods picture gallery: heraldsun.com.au

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DHS


                   Copyright 2007 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              333 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    The Herald Bulletin (Anderson, Indiana)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                          December 17, 2014 Wednesday

Madison County gets federal storm assistance relief

BYLINE: Ken de la Bastide, The Herald Bulletin, Anderson, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 439 words


Dec. 17--ANDERSON -- Local units of government have received $96,027 in federal
funds to help cover the costs of dealing with the snow storm in January 2014. An
additional $177,126 has been approved and will eventually be received by local
government.

County officials have learned from the Indiana Department of Homeland Security
that the Federal Emergency Management funds have been approved.

All Madison County government entities combined are expected to receive a total
of $273,153. County governmental entities submitted expenses of $363,712; 75
percent will be reimbursed by the federal government.

The Madison County Highway Department has received all of the approved
reimbursement of $64,502, and the Sheriff's Department has received all $4,312
of its approved reimbursement.

The city of Anderson requested $219,133 in assistance, and to date has received
$13,665 of the $164,419 approved.

Other local communities that have not received their payments include Anderson
University, Chesterfield, Pendleton and Edgewood. See the accompanying chart for
how much they requested and how much they will receive.

The city of Elwood is not included on the list for federal reimbursement. It was
unclear Tuesday whether the city applied for federal assistance.

Last week, Gov. Mike Pence announced that more than $4.6 million in total
federal grants had been paid to help local communities and the state recover
from the Jan. 5-9 winter storm.

Local, county and state government and other organizations that provide public
services will receive the funds.

"More than $4.6 million in disaster grants is positive news that will help to
bring relief across the state," Pence said. "Like many states, almost a year ago
Indiana started 2014 with a severe winter storm. While that storm is for many a
distant memory, we at the state continue to work through this demanding process
to make the most of the disaster funding opportunities."

In all, 30 Indiana counties were granted federal public assistance and/or snow
assistance.

Public Assistance will pay 75 percent of eligible expenses for damage to roads,
bridges, utilities, debris removal, buildings' contents and equipment, water
-control facilities, parks and recreational facilities, and other needs, as well
as emergency protective measures such as traffic control and rescue operations.
Snow Assistance will cover all eligible costs associated with snow removal.

?Follow Ken de la Bastide on Twitter @KendelaBastide or call 640-4863.

___ (c)2014 The Herald Bulletin (Anderson, Ind.) Visit The Herald Bulletin
(Anderson, Ind.) at www.theheraldbulletin.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20141217-HU-Madison-County-gets-federal-storm-assistance
-relief-1217-20141217

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HU


                       Copyright 2014 The Herald Bulletin


                              334 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 27, 2016 Monday

Status of Senate Bill No: 1320

LENGTH: 1021  words

DATELINE: New York



 Harrisburg: The Senate of Pennsylvania has issued the following Status of
Senate Bill:



  SENATE BILL



 No.





 1320





 Session of



 2015















 INTRODUCED BY BROWNE, JUNE 14, 2016











 REFERRED TO FINANCE, JUNE 14, 2016















 AN ACT







 1Amending the act of April 9, 1929 (P.L.343, No.176), entitled,

 2as amended, "An act relating to the finances of the State

 3government; providing for the settlement, assessment,

 4collection, and lien of taxes, bonus, and all other accounts

 5due the Commonwealth, the collection and recovery of fees and

 6other money or property due or belonging to the Commonwealth,

 7or any agency thereof, including escheated property and the

 8proceeds of its sale, the custody and disbursement or other

 9disposition of funds and securities belonging to or in the

 10possession of the Commonwealth, and the settlement of claims

 11against the Commonwealth, the resettlement of accounts and

 12appeals to the courts, refunds of moneys erroneously paid to

 13the Commonwealth, auditing the accounts of the Commonwealth

 14and all agencies thereof, of all public officers collecting

 15moneys payable to the Commonwealth, or any agency thereof,

 16and all receipts of appropriations from the Commonwealth,

 17authorizing the Commonwealth to issue tax anticipation notes

 18to defray current expenses, implementing the provisions of

 19section 7(a) of Article VIII of the Constitution of

 20Pennsylvania authorizing and restricting the incurring of



 21certain debt and imposing penalties; affecting every

 22department, board, commission, and officer of the State

 23government, every political subdivision of the State, and

 24certain officers of such subdivisions, every person,

 25association, and corporation required to pay, assess, or

 26collect taxes, or to make returns or reports under the laws

 27imposing taxes for State purposes, or to pay license fees or

 28other moneys to the Commonwealth, or any agency thereof,

 29every State depository and every debtor or creditor of the

 30Commonwealth," providing for general budget restrictions on

 31appropriations for funds and accounts.



 32The General Assembly of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania

 33hereby enacts as follows:



 20150SB1320PN1932 -1-





 1Section 1. The act of April 9, 1929 (P.L.343, No.176), known

 2as The Fiscal Code, is amended by adding an article to read:



 3ARTICLE XVII-E.3



 4GENERAL BUDGET RESTRICTIONS ON APPROPRIATIONS



 5FOR FUNDS AND ACCOUNTS



 6Section 1701-E.3. Applicability.



 7This article applies to appropriations from every General

 8Appropriation Act.



 9Section 1702-E.3. State Lottery Fund (Reserved).



 10Section 1703-E.3. Energy Conservation and Assistance Fund

 11(Reserved).



 12Section 1704-E.3. Judicial Computer System Augmentation Account

 13(Reserved).



 14Section 1704.1-E.3. Access to Justice Account (Reserved).



 15Section 1705-E.3. Emergency Medical Services Operating Fund

 16(Reserved).



 17Section 1706-E.3. The State Stores Fund (Reserved).



 18Section 1707-E.3. Motor License Fund (Reserved).



 19Section 1708-E.3. Hazardous Material Response Fund (Reserved).



 20Section 1709-E.3. Milk Marketing Fund (Reserved).



 21Section 1710-E.3. HOME Investment Trust Fund (Reserved).



 22Section 1711-E.3. Tuition Payment Fund (Reserved).



 23Section 1712-E.3. Banking Fund (Reserved).



 24Section 1713-E.3. Firearm Records Check Fund (Reserved).



 25Section 1714-E.3. Ben Franklin Technology Development Authority

 26Fund (Reserved).



 27Section 1715-E.3. Tobacco Settlement Fund (Reserved).



 28Section 1716-E.3. (Reserved).



 29Section 1717-E.3. Restricted receipt accounts.



 30(a) General provisions.--The secretary may create restricted

 20150SB1320PN1932 -2-





 1receipt accounts for the purpose of administering Federal grants

 2only for the purposes designated in this section.



 3(b) Department of Community and Economic Development.--The

 4following restricted receipt accounts may be established for the

 5Department of Community and Economic Development:



 6(1) ARC Housing Revolving Loan Program.



 7(2) (Reserved).



 8(c) Department of Conservation and Natural Resources.--The

 9following restricted receipt accounts may be established for the

 10Department of Conservation and Natural Resources:



 11(1) Federal Aid to Volunteer Fire Companies.



 12(2) Land and Water Conservation Fund Act of 1965 (Public

 13Law 88-578, 16 U.S.C. § 460l-4 et seq.).



 14(3) National Forest Reserve Allotment.



 15(d) Department of Education.--The following restricted

 16receipt accounts may be established for the Department of

 17Education:



 18(1) Education of the Disabled - Part C.



 19(2) LSTA - Library Grants.



 20(3) The Pennsylvania State University Federal Aid.



 21(4) Emergency Immigration Education Assistance.



 22(5) Education of the Disabled - Part D.



 23(6) Homeless Adult Assistance Program.



 24(7) Severely Handicapped.



 25(8) Medical Assistance Reimbursements to Local Education

 26Agencies.



 27(e) Department of Environmental Protection.--The following

 28restricted receipt accounts may be established for the

 29Department of Environmental Protection:



 30(1) Federal Water Resources Planning Act.



 20150SB1320PN1932 -3-





 1(2) Flood Control Payments.



 2(3) Soil and Water Conservation Act - Inventory of

 3Programs.



 4(f) Department of Drug and Alcohol Programs.--The following

 5restricted receipt accounts may be established for the

 6Department of Drug and Alcohol Programs:



 7(1) Share Loan Program.



 8(2) (Reserved).



 9(g) Department of Transportation.--The following restricted

 10receipt accounts may be established for the Department of

 11Transportation:



 12(1) Capital Assistance Elderly and Handicapped Programs.



 13(2) Railroad Rehabilitation and Improvement Assistance.



 14(3) Ridesharing/Van Pool Program - Acquisition.



 15(h) Pennsylvania Emergency Management Agency.--The following

 16restricted receipt accounts may be established for the

 17Pennsylvania Emergency Management Agency:



 18(1) Receipts from Federal Government - Disaster Relief -

 19Disaster Relief Assistance to State and Political

 20Subdivisions.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              335 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Herald Sun (Australia)

                             June 30, 2007 Saturday
                                 SECOND Edition

King-hit by king tide torrent;
WATER THUNDERS OVER GLENMAGGIE DAM, HITS NEWRY AND FLOODS IVAN McNALLY

BYLINE: Mike Edmonds and Matt Doran

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 1195  words


Lakes Entrance

RISING water has forced more than 50 residents out of Lakes Entrance as flood
and a king tide wreaked havoc last night.

An emergency accommodation centre was being set up as floodwaters and the king
tide began rising.

The 1.4m tide, with the extra pull of a near-full moon, created treacherous
conditions for emergency workers evacuating families from low-lying beach
houses.

''A lot have left their homes and are staying with friends and relatives on high
ground,'' an SES spokeswoman said.

''But many people have decided to stay and defend their homes.''

Roads in and out of the town were closed and residents urged to evacuate amid
fears the flood would reach record levels.

CFA captain Geoff Bassett said at least 15 homes were awash with water, with
many more to follow.

''We've had more than 150 call-outs and we've been through at least 6000 sand
bags,'' Capt Bassett said.

''Bread and milk supplies have been cut off.

''Things look set to get worse with a full moon tonight and tomorrow.''

Comfort Inn Emmanuel hotel owner George Kyriakou said sewage had spurted up
through drains in six of his suites.

''We had to cancel all our bookings because they are saying the worst is yet to
come,'' Mr Kyriakou said.

Laura St resident Lorraine Gordion was weighing up whether to flee as the water
banked up around her home.

''I'm propping up all the furniture but the water's coming up quickly,'' Ms
Gordion said.

''I can't get my little car out because it will be washed away. I guess I just
have to pray now.''

At the Woodbine Caravan Park, Oscar Brennan was far more complacent as he sipped
a Melbourne Bitter in the knee-high water that surrounded his caravan.

''What will be will be,'' he mused. ''If the water gets in I'll just dry out the
carpet and away we go.''

Mr Brennan, a shark fisherman, said he'd lived in the caravan for 18 years.

''It's funny -- any other week people would have paid $10 for a bucket of water,
'' he said.

''Now they'd pay $10,000 to take 10 buckets away.''

With water rushing down all the rivers feeding into the Gippsland Lakes unable
to drain fast enough out to sea, Lakes Entrance and other holiday centres were
all under threat.

Residents in low-lying areas were warned yesterday afternoon to evacuate to
higher ground.

The warning was delivered during an emergency community meeting involving the
State Emergency Services, police, local councils and about 200 residents to
discuss evacuation plans.

Hundreds of SES and CFA volunteers, police and the local council were
doorknocking dozens of homes to alert residents.

The SES said most Gippsland rivers had begun to recede, but flows were still
rushing into the Gippsland Lakes.

Until two or three high tides have passed at Lakes Entrance the effect on water
levels was impossible to estimate.

''In effect, the high tide is going to hold these waters in,'' SES spokesman
Allan Briggs said.

''They will have no chance to be released into the ocean and this could
seriously affect a number of properties over a substantial area.''

Police also issued a warning to locals and people travelling through that the
danger period had not passed.

The Princes Highway reopened yesterday at Bairnsdale, but many local roads were
still closed.

Police said some motorists were ignoring road advisory signs and warned water
over the road might hide large road washaways or debris.

The Federal Government yesterday announced the top-up grants flood victims could
claim, above grants on offer from the State Government.

Prime Minister John Howard said anybody seriously injured or left with a badly
damaged home would be eligible.

''Anyone who has suffered serious injury, or whose home has been destroyed, or
rendered uninhabitable for 48 hours, is entitled to a special additional payment
of $1000 an adult and $400 a child,'' Mr Howard said.

Premier Steve Bracks has already said flood victims may be eligible for State
Government emergency assistance grants of between $900 and $7300.

Yesterday Mr Bracks urged employers to give workers time to volunteer in the
relief effort.

''I know it's a difficult time. I know it's hard on their business, but that
time is crucial in protecting the people and assets in that region,'' he said.

Federal Labor leader Kevin Rudd said Labor fully supported Mr Howard's pledge.

''Federal Labor offers full bipartisan support to all assistance deemed
necessary . . . to help those affected by this flood to get back on to their own
two feet,'' Mr Rudd said.

Governor-General Michael Jeffery said he and his wife Marlena's thoughts and
prayers were with the communities affected.

Back on the ground, Kevin Barling was doing it hard, having lost his wife of 24
years, Dianne, to breast cancer two weeks before the floods in 1998.

''These floods bring back some pretty painful memories,'' Mr Barling said.

About 9pm his home began taking in water.

''It's coming up pretty quick and it'll only get worse with the full moon,'' Mr
Barling said.

''It's sad and frustrating but there's not much you can do about it.''

In Sale, hotels were heavily booked by people prevented from getting home by
flooding.

''We had a few people who had to stay here last night because they could not get
through to Stratford,'' Diane King, of the Sale Motel, said.

One worker at the Maffra visitor information centre described the situation as
horrible.

''The Macalister River, behind the town, it's all flooded. The whole area there
-- the park, it's gone into houses,'' said Gillian, who gave no surname.

''It's still high. Heyfield is still surrounded. It's flowing and it's all like
a bricky colour. It's horrible, terrible, the water's just absolutely mind
blowing.''

Hundreds of school students were given an unexpected bonus by the floods -- an
early start to the school holidays.

The Education Department yesterday cancelled classes at 42 schools around
Gippsland because of the floods.

''We've also been very fortunate in that none of the schools have themselves
been flooded,'' said Gippsland regional director Michonne van Rees.

''Most of the damage is relatively minor and has been limited to rain leaking
through roofs and some tree damage, mostly trees having been blown down on
playing fields.''

The Uniting Church last night set up a fund to help the flood recovery.

Executive director of Kilmany Uniting Care John Lawrence said funds raised would
be used in the flood aftermath.

''We want to be able to provide assistance one month, two months and six months
down the track,'' Mr Lawrence said.

The Commonwealth Bank and Telstra offered assistance packages to flood-hit
customers.

The Commonwealth Bank's package includes fast-tracking insurance claims, loan
restructuring for business customers and additional loans or changes to mortgage
repayments for customers in difficulty.

Telstra offered free call diversion for customers from a fixed line to another
fixed or mobile service.

And mobile customers who lose their fixed line will be charged fixed line rates
while using the more expensive service.

The Australian Red Cross has a hotline for people to check on friends and family
who may have been evacuated.

Red Cross Hotline: 1800 727 077

Uniting Church fund: 1800 060 543

Floods picture gallery: heraldsun.com.au

LOAD-DATE: July 1, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DHS


                   Copyright 2007 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              336 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Wakefield Express

                                 July 13, 2007

Response has been fantastic

LENGTH: 634  words


WHEN Agbrigg was overwhelmed with unprecedented flood water on June 25 and 26
well over 200 houses were under three or four feet of water throughout the
ground floor with many more, bringing the total to about 350, having cellars
submerged, affecting electricity supplies and much more.

The destruction of household furniture, personal belongings and disruption to
normal family life has been heart-breaking to witness.

The response from the emergency services has been fantastic. We would like to
place on record our sincere thanks to the West Yorkshire Fire and Rescue Service
and the police, including our local PCSOs. They all made sure that people were
rescued and taken to safety. Fire crews and tenders remained in place until
Thursday, pumping water out until all but the dregs in cellars remained. The
PCSOs patrolled the area to prevent looting and give individual assistance where
needed.

The response from the council's emergency planning team was also quick and
clear. The emergency reception centre at Lightwaves was invaluable from Monday
night onwards. Since Tuesday morning, the Montague Street Community Centre
became the Agbrigg base for co-ordinating the next phase of recovery.

In particular we wish to say a big thank you to Peter Davis, group engineer,
land drainage, Ian Wiper, highways network manager and Dave Narey, operations
officer, waste services. Not only did they provide on-the-spot leadership and
guidance for the recovery, they each showed genuine concern at the loss and
distress being experienced; always, but always, wanting to do the right thing
for the community. Their commitment ensured that the necessary clean-up began
quickly and efficiently. It will, of course, take many weeks to have streets
completely clear of debris and spoiled household items.

The Rev Mike Croft and the workers and volunteers from St Catherine's Church
centre were quick to offer hot food, shelter and pastoral support to the whole
community. As well as the church centre being available, a mobile roadside
service toured affected areas, offering sandwiches and drinks to residents,
workers and volunteers alike.

As the water subsided, YEDL (Yorkshire Electricity Distribution plc's) and a
team of council electricians set to work, first isolating then reconnecting
individual household electricity. We would also like to thank the staff from Job
Centre Plus who came to the community centre on a number of days including
Saturday and Sunday, giving advice and assistance regarding much-needed grants
and loans

Regular public briefings were well-attended by a mostly tolerant if
understandably frustrated and troubled community. On their behalf, we want to
thank all the workers and volunteers who have worked long and hard to bring
relief and ease the pain of this awful catastrophe. Full recovery in Agbrigg
will take many months before most families can say that they are getting back to
normal. It has been a steep learning curve for all of us that we hope and pray
will never be repeated. In the meantime, we will work tirelessly with the
council and environment agency to improve the flood defences for the area. We
also promise to keep the community informed of progress and take forward their
concerns.

We councillors have joined with St Catherine's Church, the Baptist Church, St
Peter and St Paul's Church and the local mosques to establish an "Agbrigg Flood
Fund" to provide assistance where needed. Items of furniture and other household
goods are urgently required, especially for those without appropriate insurance.
Anyone wishing to donate anything is asked to contact any one of us for details
of how to help. Nadeem Ahmed Tel 07736 844085; Monica Graham Tel 01924 258214
and David Hopkins Tel 01924 257698.

Councillors, Wakefield South Ward, Town Hall, Wood Street, Wakefield

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              337 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                           February 14, 2009 Saturday
                                 FINAL EDITION

BILLIONS MIGHT BYPASS FLA. SCHOOLS

BYLINE: By DARA KAM Palm Beach Post Capital Bureau

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1000 words

DATELINE: TALLAHASSEE


Florida schools could miss out on about $2.4 billion from the federal economic
stimulus package because state lawmakers have cut spending on education the past
two years.

A $1 billion hole in the state education budget that starts July 1 was forecast
this week because of declines in property tax collections. State officials had
hoped the stimulus money would plug it.

Now, local districts may be forced to raise property taxes as much as 10
percent, state Senate budget chief J.D. Alexander has predicted.

The state has one last hope for the money:asking the federal Education
Department to waive the bill's requirement that education spending not be below
the 2006 level. But it is unclear how long that would take, what is involved and
whether the request would be approved.

An aide to Education Secretary Arne Duncan warned that states wouldn't get a
blanket waiver if they didn't meet the provision. The aide didn't outline
requirements for an exemption in detail.

Florida is spending $8.5 billion in state money on public schools, about $1.3
billion less than it did in the 2006-07 budget year.

Questions abounded about the $789 billion federal spending package -- a more
than 1,000-page document released about 11 p.m. Thursday.

"I really don't have anything concrete to tell you. I wish I did," said
Alexander, R-Lake Wales. "I guess we'll wait for the governor to tell us the
specifics of how he's going to make all this work."

Alexander's House counterparts were similarly occupied Friday afternoon picking
through the package to see what is in it for Florida.

Gov. Charlie Crist, a Republican, drew the wrath of some of his partisan
colleagues for supporting the Democratic-backed American Recovery Reinvestment
Act, which they said is filled with wasteful spending and wouldn't deliver the
immediate economic recovery promised.

Crist said he hopes Florida's $11 billion share would prevent the need to raise
taxes to plug up to a $6 billion spending gap in next year's budget.

"We're evaluating what the final numbers are, and hopefully it will," he said in
St. Petersburg on Friday.

His office was unable to answer specific questions about the education waiver,
although Crist said his good relationship with President Obama's administration
made him confident that the state would ultimately receive the $2.4 billion in
education money.

Florida would get the fourth-largest amount of any state, behind California,
Texas and New York, whose populations exceed the Sunshine State's. Obama is
expected to receive and sign the package as early as this weekend.

Florida's share includes extras for new highways and water projects and should
create 207,000 jobs over the next two years, putting about 27 percent of
unemployed Floridians back to work, government officials say.

But it is unclear which projects would be chosen to get money, although it
appears those that are ready to get started quickest would fare the best.

The state would receive about $1.3 billion to build new highways and $300
million more for transit projects. Portions also are set aside for enhancements
such as sidewalks and landscaping, said Florida Department of Transportation
Assistant Secretary Kevin Thibault. Additional money would be given to local
governments to spend.

The transportation projects should create about 37,000 jobs, Thibault said.

The stimulus plan also includes about $4 billion to help cover the state's
burgeoning Medicaid costs for health care for the poor.

And it also includes spending on renewable energy sources that could create
power for 6 million Florida homes over the next three years, said Democratic
U.S. Sen. Bill Nelson.

States would have a variety of ways to get the money.

Some would be allocated by formula, depending on population, job loss and the
amount being spent on projects such as roads.

But Florida would have to compete for money beyond the current $11 billion,
including a piece of $7 billion for broadband services to under-served
communities, $3 billion in grants from the National Science Foundation for
research and $8.5 billion from the National Institutes of Health for biomedical
research.

Some federal agencies, such as the Army Corps of Engineers, would be able to
distribute the money at their discretion.

Despite the confusion, the DOT's Thibault hailed the extra money.

"We should look at this as a Christmas bonus," he said.

The Associated Press contributed to this story.

~ dara_kam@pbpost.com

Money coming to Florida

Some earmarked amounts for programs:

Food, water

* National School Lunch Program Equipment Assistance: $4.4 million

* Emergency Food Assistance Program:$5.1 million

* Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program:$1.1 billion

* Emergency Food and Shelter Program:$4.3 million

* Drinking Water State Revolving Fund:$88.8 million

* Clean Water State Revolving Fund:$134.3 million

Transportation

* Highway Funding:$1.3 billion

* Transit Formula Funding: $316.2 million

Housing

* Public Housing Capital Fund:$85.9 million

* HOME Funding:$100.9 million

* Homelessness Prevention Fund: $65.6 million

* Community Development Block Grant: $43.9 million

Criminal justice

* Byrne/JAG (multi-jurisdictional drug enforcement fund):$134.7 million

* Crime Victims:$4.7 million

* Internet Crimes Against Children Grants: $2.2 million

* Violence Against Women Grants: $9.1 million

Energy

* State Energy Program: $125 million

* Weatherization: $190.2 million

Children

* Child Care and Development Block Grant: $105.3 million

* Head Start: $29.4 million

Education

* Title I Education for the Disadvantaged: $651.7 million

* Education Technology: $46.3 million

* Departmentof Education --Vocational Rehabilitation: $26.6 million

* Departmentof Education --Special Education Part B, Section 611: $627.2 million

Communities

* Community Services Block Grant: $29.3 million

* Senior meals programs: $9.6 million

Workers

* State Employment Service Grants: $20.6 million

* Dislocated Workers State Grants: $78.4 million

* Dept.of Labor --Adult State Grants: $19.6 million

* Dept. of Labor --Youth State Grants: $43.3 million

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  Info box at end of text.

GRAPHIC: PHOTO (5)
 See microfilm or pdf

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2009 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              338 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Courier Mail (Australia)

                            January 28, 2013 Monday
                        1 - First with the news Edition

Gladstone 'disaster zone'

BYLINE: Brian Williams, Tuck Thompson Additional reporting AAP

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 446  words


CENTRAL QUEENSLAND COAST

THE flood-hit central Queensland town of Gladstone resembled a disaster zone
last night with most of the city's communications down.

Heavy rain was finally easing after 468mm was recorded at Boolaroo upstream of
the city in the 24 hours to 9am yesterday.

The industrial town had at least 20 homes flooded and people trapped on rural
properties.

Communities south of Gladstone towards Bundaberg saw unprecedented flooding,
with 900 homes evacuated.

Gladstone Mayor Gail Sellers said floodwaters were finally subsiding yesterday.

``I'm so relieved,'' she said.

But residents at nearby Baffle Creek were struggling.

``It's up to the ceiling in some homes,'' she said. ``Baffle's an area that
floods badly, floods often and floods for a long time.''

An Emergency Services spokeswoman said last night that downed communications
were hampering the situation.

``The phones are out and we're struggling to get information,'' she said. ``But
we've got no requests for emergency alerts in the region.''

The Boyne-Tannum Sands area along Tucker's Rd was particularly hard hit, with
thousands of trees toppled and people trapped on the roofs of flooded rural
properties in the Baffle Creek area.

About 1200 homes were evacuated and 150 people were taking shelter in two
emergency centres.

Cr Sellers said it was the worst rain she had seen in nearly 40 years.

``The rain was so strong it was horizontal,'' she said. ``The damage it has done
to roads has been just incredible. We're had a lot of trees fall over and
branches falling off the trees.

``We had gale force winds of up to 95km/h. Even 100-year-old mango trees have
fallen over.''

Awoonga Dam, thought to have played a major role in fish disease outbreaks in
Gladstone when it broke its banks in 2011, was spilling.

SES co-ordinator Doug Savage said people had been trapped in vehicles and
sitting on top of submerged houses.

``We have water in places we've never had water,'' he said. ``The whole region
is completely isolated and we can't get to where we need to get to because of
the water.''

Cr Sellers said residents were sheltering in evacuation centres.

``The mood's good,'' she said.

``We were very lucky in the 2010-11 floods. We're still very optimistic.''

Residents affected by flooding in the Gladstone Regional Council, Banana Shire
Council and Bundaberg Regional Council areas can access State Government
assistance.

Communities Minister Tracy Davis said a grant of up to $180 per person, up to a
maximum of $900 for a family of five or more, was available.

``Owners of houses that have sustained structural damage and who are not insured
may be eligible for a Structural Assistance Grant of up to $14,685,'' she said.

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CML


                   Copyright 2013 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              339 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       Eureka Times Standard (California)

                          February 15, 2006 Wednesday

Humboldt FEMA applicants briefed

BYLINE: Ann Johnson-Stromberg The Times-Standard

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 290 words

DATELINE: EUREKA


Public agency representatives from Garberville to Hoopa were briefed on the
federal and state funding protocol necessary to repair their storm damaged
communities.

A presidential disaster declaration determined Humboldt County was eligible for
federal and state funding to recover from the storms that battered the Northern
California from Dec. 17 to Jan. 3.

Representatives from the state Office of Emergency Services and the Federal
Emergency Management Agency were on hand to answer questions and help agencies
through the application process. About 80 people came to listen to a three-hour
presentation on Tuesday. Del Norte County had a briefing earlier that morning.

Previously, FEMA sources indicated that Mad River bluff homeowners may be
eligible for emergency funding to stabilize the accelerating erosion issue. New
information Tuesday suggests that only the McKinleyville Community Services
District may be eligible for help to move sewer and water lines. Approximately
23 feet of the bluff was lost in the year-end storm system, putting five
homeowners close to the edge. The MCSD Board of Directors is expected to discuss
a plan of action to protect their utilities in danger at the end of School Road
and on Verwer Court at their meeting tonight.

FEMA Spokesperson Christine May said "it might be possible for the homeowners to
benefit if the public entity applies for a grant, but there is no way that FEMA
can provide any assistance to individuals through the public assistance
program."

A representative from the governor's Office of Emergency Services said he was
not sure if FEMA funds are out of the question at this point and said he plans
to research the Mad River bluff situation himself this week.

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 2006 Times - Standard


                              340 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 5, 2014 Wednesday

Utah: EPA's FY 2015 Budget Proposal Focuses on Delivering Core Environmental and
Health Protections

LENGTH: 2144  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Environmental Protection Agency, The State of Utah has issued the following news
release:

Obama Administration proposed a Fiscal Year 2015 (FY 2015) budget of $7.890
billion for the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA). This request is
$309.9 million below the EPA's enacted level for Fiscal Year 2014.

"This budget is key to a new era of partnerships for the U.S. environmental
protection enterprise, where EPA will work hand in hand--with our sister federal
agencies, states, tribes, localities, agricultural and manufacturing sectors,
small businesses, industry, and other stakeholders--to improve the health of
families and protect the environment, one community at a time, all across the
country," said EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy. "Our request focuses our
resources on the things that really matter to the people of this country. We
will seek to make a visible difference--whether it is protecting our precious
waters and leaving our children a legacy so they can safely drink water from
their small community water systems and fish and swim in their local rivers;
reducing air pollution along roadways and neighborhoods; or cleaning up
communities to maximize environmental and economic benefits."

The President's FY 2015 request will allow the EPA to continue to transform the
way it does business, ensuring the best use of human and financial resources,
while continuing to achieve the agency's mission effectively and efficiently. FY
2015 resources will focus on making progress in communities across the country
on priority areas including climate change and air quality, toxics and chemical
safety, and clean water.

Fiscal Year 2015 budget highlights include:

Making a Visible Difference in Communities Across the Country
The FY 2015 budget request includes resources to expand existing efforts to make
a difference in people's everyday lives and make a visible difference in their
communities. $7.5 million and the 64 staff in FY 2015 will work to make that
difference, including building on current work by providing green infrastructure
technical assistance for up to 100 communities to help them employ
cost-effective and sustainable approaches to water management. Research will
help with the development and application of new and enhanced technologies for
large-scale green infrastructure. Additionally, the agency will focus efforts to
enhance our work in environmental justice communities.

In FY 2015, EPA will continue our work to prevent and reduce exposure to harmful
contaminants, accelerate the pace of cleanups, and reduce environmental impacts
associated with land use across the country. Additional staff in the Brownfields
program will focus on maximizing clean-up and redevelopment.

Addressing Climate Change and Improving Air Quality
The President's budget request for Climate Change and Air Quality of $1.03
billion, a $41 million increase compared to FY 2014 enacted levels, includes
$199.5 million to address one of the greatest challenges of this generation and
generations to come-climate change. In addition to the efforts within base
resources that support the implementation of the President's Climate Action
Plan, the FY 2015 request provides an additional $10 million and 24 staff. The
Climate Action Plan tasks the EPA with setting carbon dioxide (CO2) standards
for power plants and applying its authorities and other tools to address
hydrofluorocarbons (HFCs) and methane, all of which contribute to climate
change. FY 2015 resources will support the development of achievable greenhouse
gas (GHG) standards, regulations, or guidelines, as appropriate, for modified,
reconstructed, and existing power plants. The President's budget also provides
additional support for the states to help them implement the Clean Air Act, as
it relates with regard to cutting greenhouse gas emissions. Resources also will
support developing and implementing the President's interagency methane strategy
to mitigate climate change impacts.

In FY 2015, Heavy Duty Vehicle GHG Phase 2 standards will require upgrades to
the National Vehicle Fuel Emissions Laboratory (NVFEL) which is responsible for
ensuring vehicles meet national MPG and emissions standards. The EPA also is
implementing a range of activities in support of the President's call to cut
energy waste in homes, businesses, and factories, including Energy Star's
efforts to increase energy efficiency in multifamily housing.

$2.0 million will provide technical assistance and support tools for climate
change adaptation planning. This includes technical assistance for water
utilities at greatest risk from storm surges. Research and development efforts
will focus on decision support tools for at-risk communities and tribes to help
them build resiliency to the effects of climate change.

Taking Action on Toxics and Chemical Safety
Chemicals and toxic substances are ubiquitous in our everyday lives -- they are
used in the production of everything from our homes and cars to the cell phones
we carry and the food we eat. EPA's budget includes almost $673 million to
support work to ensure the safety of chemicals we encounter in our daily lives.
In FY 2015, $23 million and 24 EPA staff will support activities under the
President's Executive Order on Chemical Safety, as well as agency efforts on
chemical prioritization, air toxics, radon, and volatile organic compounds
(VOCs) in drinking water.

The Executive Order on Chemical Safety issued in August 2013 seeks to expand
coordination, tools, and information for State Emergency Response Commissions
and Local Emergency Planning Committees. Resources will be used to fund
technical support, data system enhancements, and outreach in the State and Local
Prevention and Preparedness program. Our focus will be to provide hands-on
technical assistance in towns and cities most at risk due to local
infrastructure and presence of high risk facilities. EPA will also work to
increase mobile device accessibility for first responders.

$5.0 million in resources for air toxics work will enhance the analytical
capabilities needed to develop effective health regulations, to continue the
progress in developing the National Air Toxics Assessment (NATA), to update
methods for estimating area and mobile source emissions, and to update air
dispersion modeling based on recent advances in the science.

Protecting the Nation's Waters
The nation's water resources are the lifeblood of our communities. Our FY 2015
budget recognizes the long-term benefits of healthy waterways - they are vital
to local economies, public health, property values, tourism, fishing, and
hunting.

The agency is directing $8 million and 10 staff to advance clean water. As we
look to protect the nation's water, new approaches are needed to make progress.
A centerpiece of this strategy is a water quality framework to improve return on
investment, accountability and environmental results. These resources will help
the agency continue providing technical expertise for states and tribes as they
implement EPA's guidance for hydraulic fracturing activities. Funding will be
used to help states and tribes make sound permitting decisions and review
complex data contained in applications for hydraulic fracturing using diesel
fuels. Implementation support will ensure that authorized agencies are
effectively managing and overseeing the rapidly growing energy sector while
preventing endangerment of underground sources of drinking water.

Promoting Sustainable Community Water Resources
The FY 2015 budget seeks to ensure that federal dollars provided through the
State Revolving Funds (SRF) act as a catalyst for efficient system-wide
planning, improvements in technical, financial, and managerial capacity, and the
design, construction, and on-going management of sustainable water
infrastructure. The FY 2015 budget requests $1.775 billion for the Clean Water
and Drinking Water SRFs, a decrease of $581 million from FY 2014. Including this
request, Federal capitalization of the SRFs totals over $22 billion since FY
2009. EPA is working to expand and institutionalize the use of up-front planning
that considers a full range of infrastructure alternatives, including green
infrastructure.

Maintaining and Strengthening EPA as a High Performing Environmental
Organization
An integral component of the agency's FY 2015 strategy is the work to support a
high-performing workforce in order to better serve the American people. EPA is
implementing or accelerating a number of key efforts, including realigning our
workspace, launching new collaboration tools, and Leaning our business processes
to bring about change and efficiency at the EPA. The EPA is realigning $21
million and 57 staff to ensure the success of these efforts.

E-Enterprise is a major joint initiative between EPA and states to modernize our
business practices and to increase accessibility, efficiency, and
responsiveness. The agency is expanding efforts in the second year of the
multi-year E-Enterprise business model including focusing people and resources
to accelerate development of the E-Manifest system and associated rule-making
work. Benefits of implementing the E-Manifest system include annual savings
estimated at $75 million for over 160,000 waste handlers.

In addition, EPA is making changes to long-standing business practices such as
contracts, grants management, and the regulation development process. One area
of emphasis is in Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) and records management,
where existing processes are not effective or efficient, and new ones are
complex to implement and require resources and training.

Protecting Our Land
In FY 2014, the agency is requesting over $1.33 billion to continue to apply the
most effective approaches to preserve and restore land by developing and
implementing prevention programs, improving response capabilities, and
maximizing the effectiveness of response and cleanup actions under RCRA,
Superfund, Leaking Underground Storage Tank (LUST) and other authorities. This
strategy will help ensure that communities are protected and that land is
returned to beneficial use. $1.16 billion is requested for Superfund which
includes a $43.4 million increase for remedial work and an increase of $9.2
million for Emergency Response and Removal.

Supporting State and Tribal Partners
The FY 2015 budget includes a total of $1,130 million in categorical grants, an
increase of $76 million over FY 2014 levels. The State and Tribal Assistance
Grants (STAG) account continues to be the largest percentage of the EPA's budget
request, at nearly 40% in FY 2014, and prioritizes funding for state categorical
grants to assist states and tribes, the primary implementers of environmental
programs. In FY 2015, $96.4 million is requested for Tribal General Assistance
Program grants, representing a nearly $31 million increase over FY 2014.

Continuing EPA's Commitment to Innovative Research Solutions:
Strong science continues to be the foundation of EPA's work; the President has
requested $537.3 million for science and research in FY 2015. EPA is focusing
research on the most critical issues facing the agency, including climate
change. Realignments in FY 2015 include efforts to advance chemical
prioritization and predictive toxicology, helping communities make sustainable
decisions regarding environmental protection and resiliency, informing regional
and community-level strategies for the use of green infrastructure and other
innovative alternative practices.

Environmental Education
The EPA is committed to environmental education as a core part of our efforts to
safeguard public health and the environment in FY 2015. The primary goals of the
EPA's educational activities are to share information about how to protect the
environment, and particularly how the EPA protects the water we drink and the
air we breathe. Environmental education activities also aim to improve
participation in advanced programs in science, technology, engineering, and
mathematics fields and thereby foster the next generation of scientists and
engineers to tackle current and future environmental challenges.

Reducing EPA's Energy Costs:
The EPA continues to focus on reducing its physical footprint and achieving
greater energy efficiency. Since 2006, the EPA has released approximately 428
thousand square feet of space at headquarters and facilities nationwide,
resulting in a cumulative annual rent avoidance of over $14.6 million. These
savings can partially offset the EPA's rent and security costs. The FY 2015
request includes $12 million to the support design and engineering of a
federally-owned EPA multi-use facility in Las Vegas, NV. The new facility will
consolidate offices currently in leased locations, create a smaller
energy-efficient office and lab footprint, and lower operating costs.

For further information please visit: http://yosemite.epa.gov/

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              341 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Globe (Worthington, Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 29, 2010 Friday

Bigelow Fire Department gets new grant

BYLINE: Julie Buntjer, The Daily Globe, Worthington, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 574 words


Oct. 29--BIGELOW -- For the first time in the history of the Bigelow Fire
Department, a brand new truck has been added to its firefighting fleet.

The 2011 Kenworth tanker was officially put into service on Sept. 11 and, though
it has been used in some practice drills, has yet to be put into action in a
true fire situation.

That's just fine with Bigelow Fire Chief Paul Hohensee. He'd rather not have any
fires.

Back in March, the fire department learned it was selected to receive a 2010
Federal Emergency Management Agency Assistance to Firefighters Grant of
$175,000. The city of Bigelow had to contribute 5 percent toward the cost of the
truck.

After taking bids on a new tanker, the department opted for a 3,200-gallon
tanker with a portable pump that came in at about $1,000 under the total grant
amount.

The truck will replace a 1988 Chevy tanker the department purchased used from
the Department of Natural Resources several years ago. That model was originally
a military truck and had been converted by the department.

"This truck's actually built for trucking water, where that DNR truck was
actually a fuel tanker for an air base," Hohensee said.

As a stipulation of the FEMA grant, the 2,000-gallon Chevy tanker truck cannot
be sold for use by another fire department. Instead, Hohensee said they will put
it up for public bid.

"If farmers wanted to buy it for hauling water for their farm use for spraying,
it could be used for that," he said. "It could be used for a city truck to haul
water to clean the streets or the racetrack could buy it to water the track, but
it could never be used for fire service again."

Hohensee said the added capacity of the new tanker truck is critical to a rural
fire department such as Bigelow's.

"That 1,000 gallons will give you a minute -- a minute and a half -- more of
spraying water," he said. "You can have the newest and best fire trucks they
build, but when you're fighting a rural fire, you've got to have water supply or
it doesn't do you any good."

Hohensee said if it weren't for the FEMA grants, small departments would have
quite a challenge to replace aging equipment.

"For a smaller community like Bigelow, they don't have a large tax base because
they don't have a lot of businesses in town," he said. "For Bigelow to go out
and purchase something like that, it would take years of fundraising and
saving."

The Bigelow Fire Department covers a large area, and has mutual aid agreements
with the surrounding communities of Worthington, Rushmore, Brewster and Round
Lake, in addition to the Iowa communities of Ocheyedan, Sibley and Lake Park.

"By getting the truck, other cities will benefit also through mutual aid calls,"
Hohensee said.

"(The truck is) something we really needed," he added. "We've always bought
refurbished pumpers out of New York and Pennsylvania. This is the first new fire
truck we've ever had."

In 2009, the Bigelow Fire Department received a $95,000 grant for new turnout
gear and self-contained breathing apparatus units.

To see more of The Daily Globe, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.dglobe.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Daily Globe, Worthington, Minn.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail services@mctinfoservices.com, or
call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States, call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20101029-QG-Bigelow-Fire-Department-gets-new-grant-1029-20101029

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QG


                         Copyright 2010 The Daily Globe


                              342 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Tribune-Review (Greensburg, PA)

                             August 20, 2007 Monday

Westmoreland storm aid might get OK today

BYLINE: Richard Robbins

LENGTH: 512 words


As early as today, the federal Small Business Administration could approve
low-interest loans for homeowners and others who suffered losses in the storms
that recently flooded some portions of Westmoreland County.

If the loans are approved, SBA officials likely would be ready to take
applications on Tuesday, SBA spokesman Michael Lampton said.

A request for assistance for Westmoreland County was forwarded to the SBA on
Friday by Gov. Ed Rendell.

Lampton said the SBA's Atlanta office reviewed Rendell's request Friday
afternoon before sending it to the agency's Washington headquarters for final
approval.

"If the administrator is in the office Monday, it should get done then," said
Lampton, referring to the SBA chief, Steven C. Preston.

While most of the flood damage occurred in the Murrsyville-Export area, all of
Westmoreland County would qualify for assistance, Lampton said.

SBA officials toured Murrysville on Thursday, checking on damage to homes and
businesses, Mayor Joyce Somers said. Officials of the Pennsylvania Emergency
Management Agency were around earlier.

Somers said uninsured private property damaged in Murrysville by the storm
totaled $3 million. She said damage to borough property had yet to be assessed.

Somers expressed regret that grants --- in essence, free money -- might not be
available for low-income residents to replace household appliances.

"We have a lot of people who lost furnaces, washers and dryers, anything that
was in basements," Somers said. "And they're telling me they don't have the
money to replace them."

The mayor said she has had preliminary discussions with county officials about
grants, possibly from the Community Development Block Grant program. She had
nothing definitive to say about their availability.

The SBA offers loans only, Lampton said. Disaster grant money is available from
the Federal Emergency Management Agency. However, FEMA grants require a
presidential disaster declaration, which the Rendell administration did not
request in this case.

Eligible homeowners and renters could borrow up to $40,000 to replace
possessions lost in the flood. Homeowners could borrow up to $200,000 for
repairs, and eligible business owners could borrow up to $1.5 million.

The SBA interest rate for homeowners and renters is 3.1 percent and for
businesses, 4 percent.

Export Councilman David Pascuzzi said he wasn't sure how interested homeowners
or business people in his community would be in the SBA loans.

"We've been through floods before," Pascuzzi said. "Usually, people take it upon
themselves to help each other out."

Most of the heavy flooding in Export occurred on Henry Street. Some homes got as
much as 3 feet of water in the basements, Pascuzzi said.

A number of businesses also were damaged.

Pascuzzi faulted new construction and recently laid asphalt for most of the
flood damage this time around. He said a repeat of Hurricane Agnes, which struck
Western Pennsylvania in 1972, would have devastated the community. None of the
natural barriers that were in place then are around today, he said.

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2007 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              343 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    The Wilson Daily Times (North Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            March 1, 2017 Wednesday

Matthew recovery plan in progress

BYLINE: Olivia Neeley, The Wilson Daily Times, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 588 words


March 01--Wilson officials met recently to discuss next steps in redevelopment
plans for communities affected by Hurricane Matthew.

The purpose of the public meeting Thursday was to receive input on the
development of the Resilient Redevelopment Plan, a statewide initiative.

The state legislature passed the Disaster Recovery Act of 2016 in December,
which directed N.C. Emergency Management to oversee the Resilient Redevelopment
Plan for 50 counties and municipalities affected by Hurricane Matthew.

The plan's objectives include identifying existing conditions following
Hurricane Matthew, identifying projects that contribute to the resiliency of
Wilson County and providing a road map for community rebuilding.

The four pillars of the plan include housing, economic development,
infrastructure and environment.

Thursday's public meeting was one of several that will be held in the upcoming
weeks. While only two people turned up for that meeting, officials encourage
residents to attend the next meetings to give their input.

Prior to the public meeting, county and city officials met with state-hired
contractors to identify problematic areas and roads that consistently flood,
said Gordon Deno, Wilson County Emergency Management director.

"(There are) things we can look at to potentially address how to reduce that,"
Deno explained. Officials say it's an opportunity to address recovery issues not
only from Hurricane Matthew, but for future events that could affect Wilson
County.

The state initiative is aimed to develop a strategic plan and find any unmet
funding requirements needed to implement those plans, according to officials.

State officials say the effort, resulting in the Resilient Redevelopment Plan,
will be the foundation for any supplemental funding received through Congress,
the state legislature and other funding sources.

The hired contractors will write the plan based on information discussed by the
public and community stakeholders. The plan is essentially a road map on which
projects the public and officials believe should be launched.

The finalized plans for all 50 counties will need to be submitted by May 1.

Officials here say there will be two more public meetings in March. Those
meetings will be scheduled soon.

The Disaster Recovery Act provides $201 million to help residents and
communities recover from Hurricane Matthew and the November wildfires that
spread throughout western North Carolina, including:

--$37.9 million to the Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services for
disaster-related repairs, debris removal and forest and stream restoration.

--$20 million to the Housing Trust Fund to directly benefit individuals and
families affected by the disasters.

--$10 million to the Department of Commerce for local government grants to
construct, repair or replace infrastructure of utilities including water, sewer
services and sidewalks.

--$10 million to the Department of Environmental Quality for wastewater and
solid waste cleanup, dam safety, emergency permitting and repair of drinking
water systems.

--$9 million to the Division of Emergency Management to provide additional
support meeting short-term housing needs.

--$1 million to the Department of Insurance for grants to volunteer fire
departments to repair disaster-related damage not covered by federal assistance
or insurance proceeds.

olivia@wilsontimes.com -- 265-7879

___ (c)2017 The Wilson Daily Times (Wilson, N.C.) Visit The Wilson Daily Times
(Wilson, N.C.) at www.wilsontimes.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC.

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20170301-ZW-Matthew-recovery-plan-in-progress-0301-20170301

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZW


                     Copyright 2017 The Wilson Daily Times


                              344 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 10, 2014 Monday

Washington: EPA's FY 2015 Budget Proposal Focuses on Delivering Core
Environmental and Health Protections

LENGTH: 2147  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Environmental Protection Agency, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

Today the Obama Administration proposed a Fiscal Year 2015 (FY 2015) budget of
$7.890 billion for the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA). This request
is $309.9 million below the EPA's enacted level for Fiscal Year 2014.

"This budget is key to a new era of partnerships for the U.S. environmental
protection enterprise, where EPA will work hand in hand--with our sister federal
agencies, states, tribes, localities, agricultural and manufacturing sectors,
small businesses, industry, and other stakeholders--to improve the health of
families and protect the environment, one community at a time, all across the
country," said EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy. "Our request focuses our
resources on the things that really matter to the people of this country. We
will seek to make a visible difference--whether it is protecting our precious
waters and leaving our children a legacy so they can safely drink water from
their small community water systems and fish and swim in their local rivers;
reducing air pollution along roadways and neighborhoods; or cleaning up
communities to maximize environmental and economic benefits."

The President's FY 2015 request will allow the EPA to continue to transform the
way it does business, ensuring the best use of human and financial resources,
while continuing to achieve the agency's mission effectively and efficiently. FY
2015 resources will focus on making progress in communities across the country
on priority areas including climate change and air quality, toxics and chemical
safety, and clean water.

Fiscal Year 2015 budget highlights include:

Making a Visible Difference in Communities Across the Country
The FY 2015 budget request includes resources to expand existing efforts to make
a difference in people's everyday lives and make a visible difference in their
communities. $7.5 million and the 64 staff in FY 2015 will work to make that
difference, including building on current work by providing green infrastructure
technical assistance for up to 100 communities to help them employ
cost-effective and sustainable approaches to water management. Research will
help with the development and application of new and enhanced technologies for
large-scale green infrastructure. Additionally, the agency will focus efforts to
enhance our work in environmental justice communities.

In FY 2015, EPA will continue our work to prevent and reduce exposure to harmful
contaminants, accelerate the pace of cleanups, and reduce environmental impacts
associated with land use across the country. Additional staff in the Brownfields
program will focus on maximizing clean-up and redevelopment.

Addressing Climate Change and Improving Air Quality
The President's budget request for Climate Change and Air Quality of $1.03
billion, a $41 million increase compared to FY 2014 enacted levels, includes
$199.5 million to address one of the greatest challenges of this generation and
generations to come-climate change. In addition to the efforts within base
resources that support the implementation of the President's Climate Action
Plan, the FY 2015 request provides an additional $10 million and 24 staff. The
Climate Action Plan tasks the EPA with setting carbon dioxide (CO2) standards
for power plants and applying its authorities and other tools to address
hydrofluorocarbons (HFCs) and methane, all of which contribute to climate
change. FY 2015 resources will support the development of achievable greenhouse
gas (GHG) standards, regulations, or guidelines, as appropriate, for modified,
reconstructed, and existing power plants. The President's budget also provides
additional support for the states to help them implement the Clean Air Act, as
it relates with regard to cutting greenhouse gas emissions. Resources also will
support developing and implementing the President's interagency methane strategy
to mitigate climate change impacts.

In FY 2015, Heavy Duty Vehicle GHG Phase 2 standards will require upgrades to
the National Vehicle Fuel Emissions Laboratory (NVFEL) which is responsible for
ensuring vehicles meet national MPG and emissions standards. The EPA also is
implementing a range of activities in support of the President's call to cut
energy waste in homes, businesses, and factories, including Energy Star's
efforts to increase energy efficiency in multifamily housing.

$2.0 million will provide technical assistance and support tools for climate
change adaptation planning. This includes technical assistance for water
utilities at greatest risk from storm surges. Research and development efforts
will focus on decision support tools for at-risk communities and tribes to help
them build resiliency to the effects of climate change.

Taking Action on Toxics and Chemical Safety
Chemicals and toxic substances are ubiquitous in our everyday lives -- they are
used in the production of everything from our homes and cars to the cell phones
we carry and the food we eat. EPA's budget includes almost $673 million to
support work to ensure the safety of chemicals we encounter in our daily lives.
In FY 2015, $23 million and 24 EPA staff will support activities under the
President's Executive Order on Chemical Safety, as well as agency efforts on
chemical prioritization, air toxics, radon, and volatile organic compounds
(VOCs) in drinking water.

The Executive Order on Chemical Safety issued in August 2013 seeks to expand
coordination, tools, and information for State Emergency Response Commissions
and Local Emergency Planning Committees. Resources will be used to fund
technical support, data system enhancements, and outreach in the State and Local
Prevention and Preparedness program. Our focus will be to provide hands-on
technical assistance in towns and cities most at risk due to local
infrastructure and presence of high risk facilities. EPA will also work to
increase mobile device accessibility for first responders.

$5.0 million in resources for air toxics work will enhance the analytical
capabilities needed to develop effective health regulations, to continue the
progress in developing the National Air Toxics Assessment (NATA), to update
methods for estimating area and mobile source emissions, and to update air
dispersion modeling based on recent advances in the science.

Protecting the Nation's Waters
The nation's water resources are the lifeblood of our communities. Our FY 2015
budget recognizes the long-term benefits of healthy waterways - they are vital
to local economies, public health, property values, tourism, fishing, and
hunting.

The agency is directing $8 million and 10 staff to advance clean water. As we
look to protect the nation's water, new approaches are needed to make progress.
A centerpiece of this strategy is a water quality framework to improve return on
investment, accountability and environmental results. These resources will help
the agency continue providing technical expertise for states and tribes as they
implement EPA's guidance for hydraulic fracturing activities. Funding will be
used to help states and tribes make sound permitting decisions and review
complex data contained in applications for hydraulic fracturing using diesel
fuels. Implementation support will ensure that authorized agencies are
effectively managing and overseeing the rapidly growing energy sector while
preventing endangerment of underground sources of drinking water.

Promoting Sustainable Community Water Resources
The FY 2015 budget seeks to ensure that federal dollars provided through the
State Revolving Funds (SRF) act as a catalyst for efficient system-wide
planning, improvements in technical, financial, and managerial capacity, and the
design, construction, and on-going management of sustainable water
infrastructure. The FY 2015 budget requests $1.775 billion for the Clean Water
and Drinking Water SRFs, a decrease of $581 million from FY 2014. Including this
request, Federal capitalization of the SRFs totals over $22 billion since FY
2009. EPA is working to expand and institutionalize the use of up-front planning
that considers a full range of infrastructure alternatives, including green
infrastructure.

Maintaining and Strengthening EPA as a High Performing Environmental
Organization
An integral component of the agency's FY 2015 strategy is the work to support a
high-performing workforce in order to better serve the American people. EPA is
implementing or accelerating a number of key efforts, including realigning our
workspace, launching new collaboration tools, and Leaning our business processes
to bring about change and efficiency at the EPA. The EPA is realigning $21
million and 57 staff to ensure the success of these efforts.

E-Enterprise is a major joint initiative between EPA and states to modernize our
business practices and to increase accessibility, efficiency, and
responsiveness. The agency is expanding efforts in the second year of the
multi-year E-Enterprise business model including focusing people and resources
to accelerate development of the E-Manifest system and associated rule-making
work. Benefits of implementing the E-Manifest system include annual savings
estimated at $75 million for over 160,000 waste handlers.

In addition, EPA is making changes to long-standing business practices such as
contracts, grants management, and the regulation development process. One area
of emphasis is in Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) and records management,
where existing processes are not effective or efficient, and new ones are
complex to implement and require resources and training.

Protecting Our Land
In FY 2014, the agency is requesting over $1.33 billion to continue to apply the
most effective approaches to preserve and restore land by developing and
implementing prevention programs, improving response capabilities, and
maximizing the effectiveness of response and cleanup actions under RCRA,
Superfund, Leaking Underground Storage Tank (LUST) and other authorities. This
strategy will help ensure that communities are protected and that land is
returned to beneficial use. $1.16 billion is requested for Superfund which
includes a $43.4 million increase for remedial work and an increase of $9.2
million for Emergency Response and Removal.

Supporting State and Tribal Partners
The FY 2015 budget includes a total of $1,130 million in categorical grants, an
increase of $76 million over FY 2014 levels. The State and Tribal Assistance
Grants (STAG) account continues to be the largest percentage of the EPA's budget
request, at nearly 40% in FY 2014, and prioritizes funding for state categorical
grants to assist states and tribes, the primary implementers of environmental
programs. In FY 2015, $96.4 million is requested for Tribal General Assistance
Program grants, representing a nearly $31 million increase over FY 2014.

Continuing EPA's Commitment to Innovative Research Solutions:
Strong science continues to be the foundation of EPA's work; the President has
requested $537.3 million for science and research in FY 2015. EPA is focusing
research on the most critical issues facing the agency, including climate
change. Realignments in FY 2015 include efforts to advance chemical
prioritization and predictive toxicology, helping communities make sustainable
decisions regarding environmental protection and resiliency, informing regional
and community-level strategies for the use of green infrastructure and other
innovative alternative practices.

Environmental Education
The EPA is committed to environmental education as a core part of our efforts to
safeguard public health and the environment in FY 2015. The primary goals of the
EPA's educational activities are to share information about how to protect the
environment, and particularly how the EPA protects the water we drink and the
air we breathe. Environmental education activities also aim to improve
participation in advanced programs in science, technology, engineering, and
mathematics fields and thereby foster the next generation of scientists and
engineers to tackle current and future environmental challenges.

Reducing EPA's Energy Costs:
The EPA continues to focus on reducing its physical footprint and achieving
greater energy efficiency. Since 2006, the EPA has released approximately 428
thousand square feet of space at headquarters and facilities nationwide,
resulting in a cumulative annual rent avoidance of over $14.6 million. These
savings can partially offset the EPA's rent and security costs. The FY 2015
request includes $12 million to the support design and engineering of a
federally-owned EPA multi-use facility in Las Vegas, NV. The new facility will
consolidate offices currently in leased locations, create a smaller
energy-efficient office and lab footprint, and lower operating costs.

For more information please visit: http://yosemite.epa.gov

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              345 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           January 23, 2014 Thursday
                                 Every Edition

Arlington-Alexandria news in brief

SECTION: METRO; Pg. T18

LENGTH: 456 words

Arlington awarded $500,000 for storm water management

Arlington County has been awarded a $500,000 grant for storm water management
program improvements. The grant, awarded by the Virginia Stormwater Local
Assistance Fund, will fund improvements to Ballston Pond, which filters runoff
from more than 300 acres of county land. Construction is expected to begin this
summer.

A public meeting to discuss the county's storm water master plan update will be
at 7:30 p.m. Thursday at Washington-Lee High School, 1301 N. Stafford St.

To learn about the county's storm water management program, visit
http://environment.arlingtonva.us/stormwater-watersheds/management.

Volunteers needed to count homeless Arlington residents

Arlington County is seeking volunteers for its "Point-in-Time" Count on
Wednesday, an annual program in which teams of surveyors visit streets, parks
and other areas to document the number of homeless people in the county. Teams
work in three shifts throughout the day and into next Thursday, from 4:30 p.m.
to 6:30 a.m. Volunteers must be at least 18.

"This is an important night that complements the efforts of the organizations
and individuals working year-round to help these people in need, connect them
with resources and get them on the path to stable housing" Susanne Eisner,
Director of the Arlington County Department of Human Services, said in a
statement.

To volunteer, visit
http://volunteer.truist.com/acvo/org/opp/10626823229.html
.

FEMA recognizes Alexandria for floodplain services

The Federal Emergency Management Agency has recognized Alexandria for exceeding
its goals for floodplain management. The city is the first and only Virginia
community to achieve a Class Six rating on FEMA's community rating system, which
will assist eligible residents and businesses for up to a 20 percent discount on
flood insurance premiums.

The rating system is a voluntary program that encourages communities to meet
minimum FEMA requirements for setting regulations, emergency preparedness, flood
response and damage reduction. For information, contact Kathleen Leonard,
communications officer, Department of Transportation and Environmental Services,
at kathleen.leonard@alexandriava.gov or 703.746.4027.

Public forums will cover Arlington school budget

The second and third of three public forums at which residents can discuss
Arlington County public schools' fiscal 2015 budget are scheduled for 7 to 8:30
p.m. Wednesday at Wakefield High School, 4901 S. Chesterfield Rd. (Spanish
interpretation provided) and Feb. 3 at the Education Center, 1426 N. Quincy St.
A snow date has been scheduled for Feb. 5 at the Education Center.

For information, go to www.apsva.us.

axliving@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Alexandria-Arlington

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2014 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              346 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                           December 27, 2008 Saturday

Beach shorts

SECTION: Pg. L-2

LENGTH: 970 words


BEAM GETS $20,000

Beaches donors pitched in $20,000 for the Beaches Emergency Assistance Ministry,
matching a grant of the same amount from The Players Championship, BEAM
officials said this week.

"Shortly after our announcement of The Players Championship grant match on Nov.
20 during a community health fair, checks started to pour in to BEAM," said BEAM
Executive Director Vivian Southwell.

"This is the first opportunity BEAM has been offered to solicit donations
against a matching grant, and the success of this effort was immediate and
heartwarming," she said. "Many of the checks we received noted 'matching grant,
PGA Tour' or included a copy of one of the newspaper articles about the grant.
Clearly, this match has generated great interest and enthusiasm among donors."

Jay Monahan, executive director of The Players Championship, said, "We are
honored to be a part of this effort to provide support services to families and
individuals in need of help. This contribution is directly due to the efforts of
our volunteers and fans that support the tournament and we are proud to see
other members of our community join us in support of BEAM."

BEAM is a 23-year-old social service agency that offers support and help to
Beaches residents in need.

JUMP INTO POLAR PLUNGE

The air is forecast to be in the nearly balmy 70s. The water? Not quite as
friendly - in the low 60s.

But those who want to start out 2009 with a quick bit of a chill can join the
Wavemasters Society's annual polar plunge at 8:30 a.m. Thursday, New Year's Day
on the beach at the SeaWalk Pavilion in downtown Jacksonville Beach.

The event has been known to attract plungers of all ages from all over the
country.

FREE YOGA CLASSES

For the fourth consecutive year, Ocean Yoga will host two free classes to
benefit the Beaches Emergency Assistance Ministry.

The yoga center will hold the classes at 10 .a.m and noon on Thursday, New
Year's Day. The first class, called Gentle Yoga with Kate, Creating your
Intention for the New Year, will be at Selva Marina Country Club, 1600 Selva
Marina Drive, Atlantic Beach. The noon class, called Yoga Flow with Paula,
Ignite your Intention for the New Year, will be at 51 Pine St. in Atlantic
Beach.

Bring your yoga mat or large towel. Visitors are asked to make checks payable to
BEAM.

For more information, call 613-7394 or 742-4582, e-mail yogakate@bellsouth.net
or visit www.oceanyoga.biz.

CHRISTMAS PICKUP

Jacksonville Beach residents may place their live Christmas trees, wreaths and
garlands on the curb to be picked up on their regularly scheduled yard waste
day.

Remove all tinsel, ornaments and tree bags. Do not place artificial Christmas
trees on the curb or in a Dumpster for disposal. Artificial trees may be placed
curbside on Wednesdays for bulky item pickup.

Businesses and residents who live in apartments or condos should contact
Southland Waste Systems at 384-2567 to arrange for the disposal of their
Christmas trees and materials.

GINGERBREAD HOUSE WIN

A Fleet Landing team took top honors in the citywide Gingerbread House
Extravaganza, the annual holiday contest for charity produced by the Rotary Club
of South Jacksonville, North Jacksonville and Rotaract.

Led by Fleet Landing Executive Chef Dennis Corcoran, residents put in about
1,200 hours of work over 10 days to win the traditional/amateur category. That
was Fleet Landing's third win in six years.

The 3-square-foot entry depicted a village with six buildings, including a town
hall, barbershop, bank, post office, bakery and a strip mall. The construction
used 100 pounds of gingerbread produced by the Cinotti Bakery and Fleet Landing
bakers. Royal icing, made with 25 pounds of sugar, 7 pounds of cream of tartar
and nine dozen eggs, was used as the construction bonding and decoration
material. Buildings were illuminated and contained miniature furniture and other
interior details built by the volunteers.

The Gingerbread House Extravaganza is an annual event sponsored by area Rotary C
lubs. In six years, the event has raised $450,000 for area charities including
Habitat for Humanity of Jacksonville, the Ronald McDonald House of Jacksonville
and the Jacksonville Historical Society. The event raises funds through exhibit
entrance fees, a silent auction on the entries and donations from sponsors.

TWISTED MARTINI OPEN

Even though the Twisted Martini closed for regular business this year, the
lounge in Ponte Vedra Beach will be open on New Year's Eve on Wednesday.

"We decided some time ago to open Twisted Martini PVB for New Year's Eve;
there's even a 4-by-21-foot banner along Florida A1A," Twisted Martini managers
said in a press release. "We definitely wanted to give the Jacksonville Beaches
and Ponte Vedra residents another choice for New Year's Eve."

There are a variety of New Year's packages available: the crystal package, which
offers general admission; the gold package, which includes a table and bottle of
champagne, and the platinum package, the "VIP ultra lounge package."

For more information, e-mail cyndimurray@skgcc.com, tfalby@yahoo.com or
jenn@thetwistedmartini.com; or call 230-8071 or 353-8037.

SHABBAT, TORAH CLASS

Chabad @ the Beaches is hosting a women-only class called Laws of Shabbat for
Women.

The class, which occurs every Monday at 8:30 p.m., gives a detailed overview of
the laws of Shabbat and the Torah. The class is held at 521 Florida A1A N. in
Ponte Vedra Beach.

Love of God, spending time with family, reconnecting with friends and with
oneself all fulfill the commandment to "remember" Shabbat, Chabad officials
said.

The commandment to "guard" Shabbat, is detailed in halacha, Jewish law. Halacha
means "a path." The class explores how one learns the laws in a deep way and
applies them within a Jewish lifestyle.

For more information, call Leah Kurinsky at 543-9301 or e-mail
Info@ChabadBeaches.com

LOAD-DATE: December 29, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
TINA SPINA/Special READING TO KIDS First Coast News meteorologist Tim Deegan
spent a recent morning reading to kindergarten students at Atlantic Beach
Elementary School.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 The Florida Times-Union


                              347 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           The Advertiser (Australia)

                             June 30, 2007 Saturday
                                 State Edition

Victorian crisis;
INUNDATED Evacuation red alert as ocean flow prevents floodwaters in Lakes
Entrance from rushing out to sea;
King tide creates new threat

BYLINE: MIKE EDMONDS, MELBOURNE

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 600  words


THE Victorian town of Lakes Entrance was on red alert last night as a king tide
and floodwaters joined forces to threaten the town.

Authorities were trying to evacuate hundreds of people amid fears the floods
that have inundated the town after days of torrential rainfall were set to
dramatically worsen.

The king tide, with the extra pull of a near-full moon, was due to peak at the
ocean entrance to the lakes system at 7.57pm.

With floodwater rushing down all the rivers that feed into the lakes unable to
escape to the ocean, Lakes Entrance and other lakeside towns and holiday spots
were all under threat.

Residents in low-lying areas were advised yesterday afternoon to evacuate to
higher ground.

The advice was delivered during an emergency community meeting involving the
State Emergency Services, police and residents to discuss evacuation plans.

The SES said most Gippsland rivers have now peaked and started to recede.

But until a couple of high tides have been and gone at Lakes Entrance, the
effect on water levels was impossible to estimate.

''In effect, the high tide is going to hold these waters in,'' the SES's Allan
Briggs said. ''They will have no chance to be released into the ocean and this
could seriously affect a number of properties over a substantial area.''

Police also issued a warning to locals and people travelling through that the
danger period had not passed.

The Federal Government yesterday stepped in and announced top-up grants for
flood victims, over and above grants on offer from the State Government.

Prime Minister John Howard said anybody seriously injured or left with a badly
damaged home would be eligible.

''Anyone who has suffered serious injury, or whose home has been destroyed or
rendered uninhabitable for 48 hours, is entitled to a special additional payment
of $1000 per adult and $400 per child,'' Mr Howard said.

''That arrangement is active and available as of now and there is a Centrelink
number (to call).''

Mr Howard also suggested the Federal Government may step in to help meet
rebuilding costs.

On Thursday, Premier Steve Bracks announced Gippsland flood victims may be
eligible for emergency assistance grants of between $900 and $7300.

Federal Opposition Leader Kevin Rudd said Labor fully supported Mr Howard's
pledge.

''Federal Labor offers full bipartisan support to all assistance deemed
necessary by the Federal Government to help those affected by this flood to get
back on to their own two feet,'' Mr Rudd said.

Governor-General Michael Jeffery has sent his best wishes to people in the flood
areas.

''While the rain is welcome following the devastating bushfires that ravaged
many parts of Victoria last summer, I know that the floods have brought problems
of their own,'' Maj-Gen Jeffery said.

''The damage to property and livestock is an added burden on communities that
have already faced drought over recent years.''

Relatives of people in the flood areas can call a new hotline - 1800 727 077 -
for information.

The Insurance Council of Australia says insurance companies have sent people to
Gippsland to help with claims and start assessing damage. Some claims have
already been lodged, but the council says they will start pouring in over the
next day or two.

However, Victorian loss adjuster Leo Fluitsma warned only about 20 per cent of
insurance policies covered flood damage.

The Education Department announced the early closure of 42 schools across the
Gippsland region because of the weather.

Across the region, residents reported mixed experiences.

In Sale, local hotels were heavily booked by people prevented from getting home
by flooding.

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ADV


                   Copyright 2007 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              348 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 23, 2016 Friday

Washington: Federal Disaster Aid to Local Governments Will Help Rebuild Georgia

LENGTH: 565  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Federal Emergency Management Agency has issued the following news
release:



 Early estimates show Georgia's local governments are eligible to receive
between $39 million and $75 million from FEMA to repair or replace
infrastructure damaged by Hurricane Matthew, federal officials announced.





 The funding falls under FEMA's Public Assistance program, an essential element
of disaster response that benefits everyone--neighborhoods, cities and states as
well as certain private nonprofit organizations.



 Preliminary damage assessments by FEMA and the state showed nearly $53 million
in eligible storm recovery costs in Georgia. But two months after the storm, the
picture emerging as local officials prepare to submit documentation of the
damage indicates costs are almost double, approaching $100 million.



 FEMA's Public Assistance program reimburses 75 percent of the eligible cost.
Should the most recent estimates be verified with documented evidence, Georgia's
local governments could receive $75 million in Public Assistance funding.



 "Public Assistance grants support the work that helps an entire community
recover," said Federal Coordinating Officer Warren J. Riley, who is in charge of
FEMA's disaster operations in Georgia. "These are federal tax dollars coming
back to Georgia to rebuild damaged infrastructure."



 Federal recovery officials are working with 109 applicants to develop projects
in the 20 Georgia counties eligible for disaster assistance: Brantley, Bryan,
Bulloch, Camden, Candler, Chatham, Effingham, Emanuel, Evans, Glynn, Jenkins,
Liberty, Long, McIntosh, Pierce, Screven, Tattnall, Toombs, Ware and Wayne.



 Public Assistance grant recipients can include state agencies, local and county
governments and private nonprofit organizations that own or operate facilities
that provide essential government-type services.



 Funding from the Public Assistance program may be used to:



     clean up and haul away debris from communities



     protect and secure communities immediately after the disaster



     repair roads and bridges



     put water systems back in order



     rebuild hospitals, libraries and schools, and replace damaged books



     repair power lines damaged by debris



     restore damaged public parks so families can enjoy them again.



 Based on December estimates from the local governments, the federal share of
Public Assistance funding for emergency work and debris removal in the aftermath
of the storm could be $45 million, federal officials said.



 Other Public Assistance projects are being developed and reviewed by local,
state and federal officials. Based on the recent estimates, those projects could
be eligible for $30 million in reimbursement costs to local governments.



 While the Public Assistance program is one element of the federal response, it
works in conjunction with another FEMA program. When disaster strikes, the
initial response is to ensure personal and family safety and then address the
loss of property and possessions. The Individual Assistance program responds to
the urgent needs of individuals and families.



 To date, nearly $5.8 million has been approved in federal assistance to help
1,940 individuals and families repair property and replace essential possessions
damaged in the storm.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              349 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 23, 2016 Friday

Washington: Federal Disaster Aid to Local Governments Will Help Rebuild Georgia

LENGTH: 565  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Federal Emergency Management Agency has issued the following news
release:



 Early estimates show Georgia's local governments are eligible to receive
between $39 million and $75 million from FEMA to repair or replace
infrastructure damaged by Hurricane Matthew, federal officials announced.





 The funding falls under FEMA's Public Assistance program, an essential element
of disaster response that benefits everyone--neighborhoods, cities and states as
well as certain private nonprofit organizations.



 Preliminary damage assessments by FEMA and the state showed nearly $53 million
in eligible storm recovery costs in Georgia. But two months after the storm, the
picture emerging as local officials prepare to submit documentation of the
damage indicates costs are almost double, approaching $100 million.



 FEMA's Public Assistance program reimburses 75 percent of the eligible cost.
Should the most recent estimates be verified with documented evidence, Georgia's
local governments could receive $75 million in Public Assistance funding.



 "Public Assistance grants support the work that helps an entire community
recover," said Federal Coordinating Officer Warren J. Riley, who is in charge of
FEMA's disaster operations in Georgia. "These are federal tax dollars coming
back to Georgia to rebuild damaged infrastructure."



 Federal recovery officials are working with 109 applicants to develop projects
in the 20 Georgia counties eligible for disaster assistance: Brantley, Bryan,
Bulloch, Camden, Candler, Chatham, Effingham, Emanuel, Evans, Glynn, Jenkins,
Liberty, Long, McIntosh, Pierce, Screven, Tattnall, Toombs, Ware and Wayne.



 Public Assistance grant recipients can include state agencies, local and county
governments and private nonprofit organizations that own or operate facilities
that provide essential government-type services.



 Funding from the Public Assistance program may be used to:



     clean up and haul away debris from communities



     protect and secure communities immediately after the disaster



     repair roads and bridges



     put water systems back in order



     rebuild hospitals, libraries and schools, and replace damaged books



     repair power lines damaged by debris



     restore damaged public parks so families can enjoy them again.



 Based on December estimates from the local governments, the federal share of
Public Assistance funding for emergency work and debris removal in the aftermath
of the storm could be $45 million, federal officials said.



 Other Public Assistance projects are being developed and reviewed by local,
state and federal officials. Based on the recent estimates, those projects could
be eligible for $30 million in reimbursement costs to local governments.



 While the Public Assistance program is one element of the federal response, it
works in conjunction with another FEMA program. When disaster strikes, the
initial response is to ensure personal and family safety and then address the
loss of property and possessions. The Individual Assistance program responds to
the urgent needs of individuals and families.



 To date, nearly $5.8 million has been approved in federal assistance to help
1,940 individuals and families repair property and replace essential possessions
damaged in the storm.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              350 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                            April 26, 2006 Wednesday

Emergency preparedness in Missouri

SECTION: OPIN; Pg. A04

LENGTH: 985 words


Emergency preparedness in Missouri To the Editor: Outbreaks of severe
thunderstorms and tornadoes inflicted severe destruction throughout Missouri in
the last two months. Many of our friends and neighbors have had their lives torn
apart because of the storms that swept through our state. In all, 14 Missouri
lives were lost along with hundreds of homes, businesses and other properties. I
know your prayers, along with mine and Melanie's, are with those who lost loved
ones to these storms and those who are still recovering from the devastation.

I commend and am grateful not only to our first responders but also to
communities who banded together in their time of need to provide a quick and
compassionate response. Their timely reaction to protect their neighbors' safety
helped limit further casualties in communities across our state. The outpouring
of empathy for the storm victims has been astounding. Countless individual
volunteers and organizations like the Red Cross and Salvation Army quickly
responded to the storms and provided shelter and assistance. Missourians who
wish to make a contribution to the ongoing recovery efforts should contact the
State Emergency Management Agency (SEMA) toll free at (866) 254-0140. SEMA also
deserves credit for coordinating the state's response. SEMA's quick work of
conducting damage assessments, with the help of the Federal Emergency Management
Agency (FEMA), aided in the request for an expedited federal disaster
declaration, helping to make federal aid available to affected Missourians as
quickly as possible. I am pleased that by declaring a federal disaster in 41
Missouri counties President Bush made federal funds available to assist recovery
efforts. In part the funds will help renters, homeowners and businesses by
offering low-interest loans or providing disaster grants to families and
individuals with uninsured or underinsured losses for personal property. The
U.S. Small Business Administration also offered assistance to small business
owners whose livelihoods were damaged due to the storms. The storms are a
tangible reminder that we must be prepared for potential threats. One way
Missourians can prepare for emergencies in their own homes is with the state's
"Ready in 3" program. "Ready in 3" provides Missourians with guidelines and easy
to follow instructions to develop personalized emergency plans. Just a small
amount of planning makes a huge difference in case of an emergency. To learn
more about the "Ready in 3" program visit dhss.mo.gov/Readyin3 or call (573)
526-4768. My thoughts and prayers are with all Missourians and particularly
those working to put their lives back together following the worst destruction
from severe weather I have seen. Missouri will certainly be hit again by severe
weather in the future, but with practical planning and by working together we
can minimize the damage and negative impact to families, businesses and
communities. Matt Blunt Governor Gimme shelter To the Editor: Manderly Manor
Mobile Home Court is a community of mostly senior citizens. Over the years, many
of us have gone to Jefferson Memorial Hospital for shelter from severe weather.
Tuesday evening when the local news stations were warning everyone in Olympian
Village, Festus and Crystal City that lived in mobile homes to abandon them and
seek immediate shelter, many of us went to JMH as we always do. While waiting
for the storm to pass over (about 20 minutes), we were informed by JMH security
officers that we were no longer welcome to seek shelter at Jefferson Memorial.
We, the senior citizens, are the very people that keep Jefferson Memorial
Hospital in business. I presume they want us to stay in our mobile homes until
the tornado hits us. I'm sure they will welcome us with open arms when we're
transported there by ambulance as paying customers. Allan L. Dennington Festus
Town Talk comment on water district was 'out of line' To the Editor: As a board
member of Public Water Supply District No. 12, I object to someone who has no
idea about what they are talking about when writing into Town Talk about a water
district employee. Let me list the points why I object to this individual; 1)
The water district is not supported anyway by any form of taxation. The district
revenue is derived strictly from water district business. The district is wholly
owned by the district customers. The board of the water district is elected by
local elections. 2) The employee in question is not a clerk, the employee is the
manager of the water district. The district does have an office clerk, who does
not have access to a district vehicle. The clerk uses her personal vehicle. 3)
The district vehicles are strictly used by manager and field techs for district
business only. These employees are on call 24/7. They are called out at anytime
of the day or night, including holidays. The employees, as part of their duties,
drive district vehicles to banks, Wal-Mart (for supplies), meetings, training
classes, and water related seminars. 4) These employees are top notch people.
They are constantly striving to find ways to improve water services. They always
strive to serve the water district in the most efficient way possible. As an
example: The water district was in a financial bind when the manager was hired.
This employee turned things around and placed the district on sound financial
footing. So to slander any of the employee's of PWSD No. 12 is just wrong. Yes,
you may see a district vehicle at Wal-Mart, a bank, or any other place of
business. You may even see a district vehicle out of the area, but to say they
are using the vehicle for personal business is way off base. Any customer of the
district who has a concern about the district is invited to come to the office
and register to attend the monthly board meetings. They are held at 6 p.m. on
the second Tuesday of the month. Wally Yuengel Festus

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              351 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  August 9, 1993, Monday, Late Edition - Final

Flood Victims Find Tortuous Path to U.S. Relief Agency Money

BYLINE: By PETER T. KILBORN,  Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 10; Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 1502 words

DATELINE: ST. CHARLES, Mo., Aug. 8


Here, in St. Charles County, where the bloated Mississippi and Missouri Rivers
merged to swallow entire communities in a 20-mile-wide lake broken by chimneys
and treetops, charity organizations have rushed in with flood relief while the
Federal Emergency Management Agency has left a wake of immense frustration.

Flood victims, many of whose homes and workplaces had never before flooded, find
themselves homeless and in many cases out of work. And many say their problems
are only magnified by delays, tight regulations and daunting paperwork from
FEMA.

Elmer and LaVerne Steinbruegge, retirees in their late 60's, seem eminently
eligible for Federal aid, but they face a long wait. The big, split-level house
in which they reared six children was only partially insured against flooding.
Now inundated with chest-high water, the house and most of its contents are
ruined.

The American Red Cross has given the Steinbruegges $425 to rent an apartment for
a month, and the state has given them $292 worth of food stamps. "That's all the
help we've got so far," Mr. Steinbruegge said.

Not as Helpful as Red Cross

FEMA advised the Steinbruegges to apply to the Small Business Administration for
a $20,000 disaster loan to repair the house or buy new furnishings for another
home. But the S.B.A. turned them down. "They said I'm on a fixed income and
cannot repay the loan," Mr. Steinbruegge said.

Because they did not qualify for a loan, FEMA informed them that they might be
eligible for a direct sustenance grant, which although smaller, would not have
to be repaid. But first, the agency told them, it would have to assess the
damage. "They told us that when the water goes down they'll send an inspector,"
Mr. Steinbruegge said. "But the water won't go down for 30 to 45 days."

Despite thousands of such stories in this hardest hit of the flooded Midwest
states, FEMA has yet to arouse the fury that followed its delayed response a
year ago to Hurricane Andrew's devastation of South Florida.

This time communities had time to plan, and FEMA kept its telephone lines open,
set up disaster application centers and kept people informed of its services.

The agency can pay a victim's rent for up to 18 months and make grants to the
poorest victims who do not qualify for loans or other assistance. The Small
Business Administration, which works closely with FEMA, makes low-interest loans
to affected businesses and many homeowners. But neither has been nearly as
helpful as the Salvation Army and the Red Cross.

For a while last month, FEMA operated a disaster assistance center here to
advise people on filling out forms and getting Government help. But then it
closed the center to save money, forcing flood victims to make a three-hour
drive north to Hannibal. Now the agency is planning to reopen the center here.

Charities Help on the Spot

Meanwhile, the Salvation Army has kept open its outpost in the parking lot of
St. John's United Church of Christ. Several hundred people a day showed up last
week, and all walked away with money and cartons of nonperishable food, diapers,
toilet paper and other goods, all free.

The charities move faster, in part, because they are quicker to take people's
word on their needs. The Salvation Army's staff at St. John's requires little
more than a driver's license and a five-minute interview. Then, on the spot, it
writes vouchers for food, gasoline, clothing and medicine.

The Government, on the other hand, cannot be so free, given its sensitivity to
taxpayers and politicians.

"You can't pull up an armored car to a disaster center and open the back and
say, 'Here's some money,' " said Morrie Goodman, a FEMA spokesman. "When you
walk into a disaster application center, you have to supply a lot of information
so we can distinguish between those who can pay back a loan and those who
can't."

The result, however, is that all a flood victim can collect on a visit with FEMA
or the S.B.A. are brochures and application forms. After submitting an
application, an applicant waits at least a week to hear if the guidelines have
been met.

Getting Help From FEMA

Lewis B. Locks, 44, a butcher in a supermarket, is one who has been
disappointed. Mr. Locks lives in a trailer that was battered by the summer rains
that choked the rivers, but he found that getting Government help to fix his
trailer was impossible.

"I've got warped floors and walls you can push on and they squish," he said. But
FEMA rejected his application for a grant because, its letter explained,
flooding had not done the damage. "What do they mean, not flood-related?" Mr.
Locks wondered. "The floods come from artesian springs or something?"

Still, many people are getting some help from FEMA. Through last week, it had
registered 74,590 callers and visitors to application centers in the nine-state
disaster area. Of 38,468 applications for housing assistance -- rent, repairs
and help with mortgages on inundated houses -- it had approved 15,835.

But for sustenance assistance, like clothing, food and other necessities not
available elsewhere, it had approved grants to only 1,451 of 15,719 applicants.
The grants had averaged $1,378. Here in St. Charles County, only 42 applicants
had been approved for the aid.

The S.B.A., which can make homeowners loans of up to $100,000 and businesses
loans up to $500,000, had distributed 42,957 loan applications. But partly
because of the complexity of the paperwork, only 3,025 had been completed and
returned. Of those, 1,363 were approved for loans.

With much less delay, FEMA also is helping state and local governments pay for
disaster services like sanitation and police protection. And once the water
recedes, it will pay for 75 percent of the damage to roads and bridges. With so
much of the region still under water, no one can guess the extent of that damage
or the ultimate cost to the Government.

Psychological Toll

A month of flooding is taking a big psychological toll. Two and three families
are packed under one roof. Pets, heirlooms and all the tools of conventional
lives have been lost, as have children's toys. In their wallets, people carry
the scribbled telephone numbers of dislocated relatives and friends.

"People have been stretched out beyond what any human being should have to
bear," said Dr. Karl Wilson, interim disaster response coordinator for the
Missouri Department of Mental Health. "They're ready to start recovering. But
they're facing long delays before they can do anything."

Not all the delays are the Federal Government's. Crucial issues are far from
resolution, among them how much the state can contribute to the relocation of
the owners of 800 ruined homes that were not insured for flood damage.

It is hard to imagine the stress on a family like Carl and Sue Wunderlich's. "My
biggest concern is keeping a roof over my kids' heads," Mr. Wunderlich said. The
couple has three children, ages 9, 5 and 4. Mr. Wunderlich said he had just lost
his job as a factory worker when flooding last month pushed the family out of
its house in West Alton, Mo. He then moved the family to a tent he pitched on a
mound that he built with a bulldozer on land where he had planned to build a new
house.

The next flood washed them off the mound. With no place else to go, Mr.
Wunderlich, 36, and his family moved to the three-bedroom home of a brother,
joined by three other brothers who also had been driven from their homes by
flooding. "Everybody's about killing each other," he said. Late last week, he
collected a voucher from the Red Cross to rent an apartment.

Blaming Government for Flood

Many people bristle at suggestions that they invited disaster by living in the
path of a flood. For one thing, they say that vast areas here were flooded for
the first time in anyone's memory.  For another, they say, in many communities,
the only housing available to low-income workers is down by the rivers.

Some even blame the Government for the severity of the flood -- for building
levees that drive flood waters into communities without levees, rather than let
it dissipate throughout the rivers' natural flood plains.

Mike Feltes, 37, a Mississippi dock supervisor who grew up in West Alton and had
been raising his own family there, said: "This is new to me. I've never been put
out of my house. When man and the Corps of Engineers start playing with the
water, you get wet."

Business owners say the S.B.A.'s forms and documents are so intimidating that
many suspect they will have to swallow their losses.

Harvey Pilson owns a used-car dealership. Water on one of his two lots rose to
the tops of the tires of 30 cars, indicating that it had also seeped into the
engines.

"Anytime you get a motor," Mr. Pilson said of the water, "morally you don't want
to sell them. So we'll eat them." Still, he has not even called FEMA or the
S.B.A. "My partner and I both don't even want to deal with it," he said. "Maybe
we can use accountants or our wives."


LOAD-DATE: August 9, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: Several hundred people a day showed up last week at the
Salvation Army outpost outside a church in St. Charles, Mo. The Salvation Army,
which has proved more effective for many than the Federal Emergency Management
Agency, handed out free food and other goods. (Keith Meyers/The New York Times);
Mike Feltes, who, with his wife, Debbie, mopped mud off the floor of their home
in West Alton, Mo., blamed the Government for the flood's severity. "I've never
been put out of my house," he said. "When man and the Corps of Engineers start
playing with the water, you get wet." (Andrea Mohin/The New York Times)

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                              352 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 25, 2016 Thursday

Washington: Federal Support for Louisiana Continues, $127 Million in Financial
Assistance Provided to Louisiana Flood Survivors So Far

LENGTH: 1291  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Federal Emergency Management Agency has issued the following news
release:



 The Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) announced today that financial
support to flood survivors in Louisiana has reached more than $127 million
dollars as part of the overall recovery process.



 FEMA approved more than $107 million in grants to help survivors with temporary
rental assistance, essential home repairs, and other serious disaster-related
needs. More than 110,000 individuals and households have registered with FEMA
for assistance.





 FEMA also authorized and issued more than $20 million in advanced payments to
National Flood Insurance Program (NFIP) policyholders in Louisiana who sustained
damages by the flood, providing expedited relief to disaster survivors. Close to
26,000 NFIP policyholders have submitted claims for flood loss.



 In addition, the U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA) is providing low
interest loans to Louisiana survivors and businesses to assist with uninsured
and underinsured flood-related losses. The SBA processed 1,270 applications and
approved $9.4 million in disaster loans so far. The SBA currently has six
business recovery centers open, one in Livingston Parish, one in Tangipahoa
Parish, one in Ascension Parish, two in East Baton Rouge Parish and one in
Lafayette Parish.



 In addition, emergency funds have also been made available to assist with
repairs to roads and bridges damaged by the floods, and to aid with produce and
other farm-related losses caused by flooding. FEMA obligated nearly $3 million
through the public assistance program for work undertaken to save lives, protect
public health and safety, and to protect public and private property. The U.S.
Department of Transportation (DOT) made $2 million in emergency relief funds
immediately available through the Federal Highway Administration (FHWA) to help
repair roads and bridges in the affected areas. The funds will also help
stabilize structures to prevent further damage and set up detours until
permanent repairs are completed. The U.S. Department of Agriculture Farm Service
Agency (FSA) Emergency Loan Fund has $68.9 million currently available for
farmer, rancher and producer assistance, and USDA continues to assess damages as
the water recedes.



 While federal assistance is integral to response and recovery, no sole source
of support will be able to make survivors whole again. In addition to the
substantial impact federal agencies are making, voluntary organizations, local
and national businesses and thousands of volunteers are helping Louisiana
communities to recover.



 The Voluntary Agency Liaisons in FEMA are working closely with more than 47
voluntary agencies in Louisiana. Most of the current efforts are in cleanup,
feeding, and sheltering, but as recovery progresses, the additional need for
resources will be evaluated. FEMA works with a large network of voluntary
agencies, both nationally and locally, to help connect resources with survivors
who have disaster-caused unmet needs. Those interested in assisting with the
relief efforts should contact their local voluntary agency to find the best
method to assist or log on to the state's website at www.volunteerlouisiana.gov.




 The National Business Emergency Operations Center is working in coordination
with the U.S. Chamber Foundation Corporate Citizenship Center and nearly 50
national companies engaged in assisting survivors in the Louisiana flooding with
donations of time, money, services, and goods to relief organizations.



 In addition, the federal government has more than 2,400 employees on the
ground, and is providing the following support:



 FEMA has eight open Disaster Recovery Centers where survivors can meet
face-to-face with recovery specialists. To find the nearest Disaster Recovery
Center visit www.fema.gov/DRC, More than 700 families are being housed in hotels
or motels through FEMA's Transitional Sheltering Assistance program to provide
short-term lodging for eligible survivors who are currently residing in a
personal vehicle, hotel or motel, shelter, or place of employment.







 The American Red Cross (ARC) has 18 shelters housing more than 2,400 people.
Since the flooding began last week, ARC provided more than 45,000 overnight
stays in shelters and served nearly 300,000 meals and snacks with feeding
partners.



 The Corporation for National Community Service (CNCS) deployed more than 500
AmeriCorps members, including FEMA Corps and AmeriCorps Disaster Response Teams,
to support shelter operations, home clean-up operations, survivor call centers
and disaster survivor assistance teams.



 U.S. Army Corps of Engineers personnel are conducting surveys in impacted
parishes and providing daily and forecasted inundation maps to assist local
parishes. Public facility and housing subject matter experts are en route to
Louisiana today.



 The U.S. Department of Agriculture approved automatic replacements of
Supplemental Nutritional Assistance Program benefits in heavily affected areas.
Those funds help replace groceries and food that were destroyed during the
flooding. For more specific information go to the Food and Nutrition Service
Disaster Assistance web page at www.fns.usda.gov/disaster/louisiana. USDA
currently has 116 employees on the ground in Louisiana assisting with crop
damage and livestock loss assessments; disaster nutrition assistance; and debris
removal.



 The U.S. Department of Health and Human Services activated its Emergency
Prescription Assistance Program to pay for prescriptions and medical equipment
for disaster survivors without health insurance. Louisiana patients may obtain a
free 30-day supply of medications or medical supplies at any participating
pharmacy:  www.phe.gov/Preparedness/planning/epap/Pages/default.aspx.



 The U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) is expediting
federal assistance to provide support to homeowners and low-income renters. HUD
granted a 90-day moratorium on foreclosures and extended forbearance periods for
Federal Housing Administration (FHA)-insured home mortgages. Additionally, HUD
is re-allocating existing federal resources such as the Community Development
Block Grant (CDBG) and HOME programs to give the state and communities the
flexibility to redirect millions of dollars of funding to address critical
needs, including housing and services for disaster survivors.



 The U.S. Department of Interior's U.S. Geological Survey (USGS) is collecting
and surveying high-water marks to estimate streamflow in areas where the USGS
stream gauges were damaged, or where no gauges existed.



 The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency is providing support to the State of
Louisiana, augmenting the state's capability to respond to hazardous materials
incidents. EPA is also assisting in developing plans for disposal of household
waste.



 The U.S. Small Business Administration has six open Business Recovery Centers,
with more centers opening this week. For exact parish locations go to
www.sba.gov/offices/disaster/dfocw/declaration/1538306.



 USA.gov and Gobierno.gov are sharing information from federal partners, and
have a combined following of more than 520,000 followers.



 U.S. Department of Homeland Security joined with the U.S. Departments of
Justice, HUD, HHS and DOT to issue guidance to recipients of federal funds
(e.g., state and local emergency management agencies, law enforcement,
healthcare service providers, housing and transit authorities, etc.) to ensure
that individuals and communities affected by disasters receive fair treatment,
as provided by Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              353 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 25, 2016 Thursday

Washington: Federal Support for Louisiana Continues, $127 Million in Financial
Assistance Provided to Louisiana Flood Survivors So Far

LENGTH: 1291  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Federal Emergency Management Agency has issued the following news
release:



 The Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) announced today that financial
support to flood survivors in Louisiana has reached more than $127 million
dollars as part of the overall recovery process.



 FEMA approved more than $107 million in grants to help survivors with temporary
rental assistance, essential home repairs, and other serious disaster-related
needs. More than 110,000 individuals and households have registered with FEMA
for assistance.





 FEMA also authorized and issued more than $20 million in advanced payments to
National Flood Insurance Program (NFIP) policyholders in Louisiana who sustained
damages by the flood, providing expedited relief to disaster survivors. Close to
26,000 NFIP policyholders have submitted claims for flood loss.



 In addition, the U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA) is providing low
interest loans to Louisiana survivors and businesses to assist with uninsured
and underinsured flood-related losses. The SBA processed 1,270 applications and
approved $9.4 million in disaster loans so far. The SBA currently has six
business recovery centers open, one in Livingston Parish, one in Tangipahoa
Parish, one in Ascension Parish, two in East Baton Rouge Parish and one in
Lafayette Parish.



 In addition, emergency funds have also been made available to assist with
repairs to roads and bridges damaged by the floods, and to aid with produce and
other farm-related losses caused by flooding. FEMA obligated nearly $3 million
through the public assistance program for work undertaken to save lives, protect
public health and safety, and to protect public and private property. The U.S.
Department of Transportation (DOT) made $2 million in emergency relief funds
immediately available through the Federal Highway Administration (FHWA) to help
repair roads and bridges in the affected areas. The funds will also help
stabilize structures to prevent further damage and set up detours until
permanent repairs are completed. The U.S. Department of Agriculture Farm Service
Agency (FSA) Emergency Loan Fund has $68.9 million currently available for
farmer, rancher and producer assistance, and USDA continues to assess damages as
the water recedes.



 While federal assistance is integral to response and recovery, no sole source
of support will be able to make survivors whole again. In addition to the
substantial impact federal agencies are making, voluntary organizations, local
and national businesses and thousands of volunteers are helping Louisiana
communities to recover.



 The Voluntary Agency Liaisons in FEMA are working closely with more than 47
voluntary agencies in Louisiana. Most of the current efforts are in cleanup,
feeding, and sheltering, but as recovery progresses, the additional need for
resources will be evaluated. FEMA works with a large network of voluntary
agencies, both nationally and locally, to help connect resources with survivors
who have disaster-caused unmet needs. Those interested in assisting with the
relief efforts should contact their local voluntary agency to find the best
method to assist or log on to the state's website at www.volunteerlouisiana.gov.




 The National Business Emergency Operations Center is working in coordination
with the U.S. Chamber Foundation Corporate Citizenship Center and nearly 50
national companies engaged in assisting survivors in the Louisiana flooding with
donations of time, money, services, and goods to relief organizations.



 In addition, the federal government has more than 2,400 employees on the
ground, and is providing the following support:



 FEMA has eight open Disaster Recovery Centers where survivors can meet
face-to-face with recovery specialists. To find the nearest Disaster Recovery
Center visit www.fema.gov/DRC, More than 700 families are being housed in hotels
or motels through FEMA's Transitional Sheltering Assistance program to provide
short-term lodging for eligible survivors who are currently residing in a
personal vehicle, hotel or motel, shelter, or place of employment.







 The American Red Cross (ARC) has 18 shelters housing more than 2,400 people.
Since the flooding began last week, ARC provided more than 45,000 overnight
stays in shelters and served nearly 300,000 meals and snacks with feeding
partners.



 The Corporation for National Community Service (CNCS) deployed more than 500
AmeriCorps members, including FEMA Corps and AmeriCorps Disaster Response Teams,
to support shelter operations, home clean-up operations, survivor call centers
and disaster survivor assistance teams.



 U.S. Army Corps of Engineers personnel are conducting surveys in impacted
parishes and providing daily and forecasted inundation maps to assist local
parishes. Public facility and housing subject matter experts are en route to
Louisiana today.



 The U.S. Department of Agriculture approved automatic replacements of
Supplemental Nutritional Assistance Program benefits in heavily affected areas.
Those funds help replace groceries and food that were destroyed during the
flooding. For more specific information go to the Food and Nutrition Service
Disaster Assistance web page at www.fns.usda.gov/disaster/louisiana. USDA
currently has 116 employees on the ground in Louisiana assisting with crop
damage and livestock loss assessments; disaster nutrition assistance; and debris
removal.



 The U.S. Department of Health and Human Services activated its Emergency
Prescription Assistance Program to pay for prescriptions and medical equipment
for disaster survivors without health insurance. Louisiana patients may obtain a
free 30-day supply of medications or medical supplies at any participating
pharmacy:  www.phe.gov/Preparedness/planning/epap/Pages/default.aspx.



 The U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) is expediting
federal assistance to provide support to homeowners and low-income renters. HUD
granted a 90-day moratorium on foreclosures and extended forbearance periods for
Federal Housing Administration (FHA)-insured home mortgages. Additionally, HUD
is re-allocating existing federal resources such as the Community Development
Block Grant (CDBG) and HOME programs to give the state and communities the
flexibility to redirect millions of dollars of funding to address critical
needs, including housing and services for disaster survivors.



 The U.S. Department of Interior's U.S. Geological Survey (USGS) is collecting
and surveying high-water marks to estimate streamflow in areas where the USGS
stream gauges were damaged, or where no gauges existed.



 The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency is providing support to the State of
Louisiana, augmenting the state's capability to respond to hazardous materials
incidents. EPA is also assisting in developing plans for disposal of household
waste.



 The U.S. Small Business Administration has six open Business Recovery Centers,
with more centers opening this week. For exact parish locations go to
www.sba.gov/offices/disaster/dfocw/declaration/1538306.



 USA.gov and Gobierno.gov are sharing information from federal partners, and
have a combined following of more than 520,000 followers.



 U.S. Department of Homeland Security joined with the U.S. Departments of
Justice, HUD, HHS and DOT to issue guidance to recipients of federal funds
(e.g., state and local emergency management agencies, law enforcement,
healthcare service providers, housing and transit authorities, etc.) to ensure
that individuals and communities affected by disasters receive fair treatment,
as provided by Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              354 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Hills Gazette (Perth, Australia)

                            November 12, 2010 Friday
                                   1 Edition

Drought relief for Wheatbelt

SECTION: Pg. 8

LENGTH: 238  words


THE State Government has announced a $5 million assistance package to help with
the economic and social crisis facing Wheatbelt farmers.

The package was a recommendation of the Dry Seasons Advisory Committee and has
been welcomed by the WAFarmers.

The funding for up to 100 drought-stricken towns includes $2 million for
community service grants, $1 million social support grants and $1 million to
install high-volume water tanks to assist fire response and water carting.

There is also $500,000 to assist small businesses and $200,000 for rural
financial counselling support.

WAFarmers President Mike Norton said the package would provide some comfort to
rural communities.

Current estimates of the financial impact of the drought have indicated that
about $3 billion will be missing from the Wheatbelt economy this season, he
said.

The full impact, to be determined in the new year, may well exceed that.

The investment in improving emergency, stock and domestic water supplies through
improved flow at standpipes will be greatly appreciated by farmers already under
stress due to rapidly declining on-farm water supplies, as will other
initiatives announced.

The State Government, in making clear that the package is an initial response to
the drought, has acknowledged the long-term impact of the drought and has taken
steps to ensure that the situation is monitored going into 2011 and beyond.

For more information call 1800 198 231.

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CHG


                   Copyright 2010 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              355 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            June 29, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: Daines Announces Nearly $8 Million in Preparedness Funding

LENGTH: 452  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Steve Daines has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Senator Steve Daines today announced that Montana will receive a total of
$7,990,666.00 million in preparedness funding from the Department of Homeland
Security (DHS).





 "It's critical that we continue to fund our operations centers and law
enforcement to ensure that we are fully prepared for when an emergency occurs,"
Daines stated. "This additional funding will provide Montana, tribes and our
local communities more security."



 The Tribal Homeland Security Grant Program: $86,636



 The program provides funding to eligible tribes to help strengthen the Nation
against risks associated with potential terrorist attacks. The intent of the
grant is to assist eligible tribes in obtaining the resources required to
support the National Preparedness Goal's Mission Areas and Core Capabilities as
they apply to tribal lands.



 The Crow Tribe received $86,636 and will use the funds to purchase and install:




     Stationary Generator at Fire Hall/Emergency Operations Center

     Mobile Generator-St Xavier Community College



 The Operation Stonegarden Grant Program: $877,630



 The program provides Montana $877,630 to enhance cooperation and coordination
among local, tribal, territorial, state and federal law enforcement agencies in
a joint mission to secure the United States' borders along routes of ingress
from international borders to include travel corridors in states bordering
Mexico and Canada, as well as states and territories with international water
borders.



 Allocation by County:



     Blaine: $63,370

     Glacier: $63,370

     Hill: $68,130

     Roosevelt: $58,520

     Phillips: $63,370

     Sheridan: $79,056

     Toole: $72,890

     Richland: $58,610

     Dawson: $63,370

     Valley: $63,370

     Flathead/Kalispell: $120,490

     Lincoln: $103,354



 The Emergency Management Performance Grant Program: $3,291,900



 In FY 2016, the Emergency Management Performance Grants (EMPG) Program provides
Montana $3,291,900 to assist state, local, and tribal, and territorial
governments in preparing for all hazards, as authorized by the Robert T.
Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act, as amended (42 U.S.C.
5121 et seq.).



 The State Homeland Security Grant Program: $3,734,500



 The program provides Montana $3,734,500 to support the implementation of state
homeland security strategies to address identified planning, organization,
equipment, training, and exercise needs to prevent, protect against, mitigate,
respond to, and recover from acts of terrorism and other catastrophic events.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              356 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 22, 2014 Friday

Pennsylvania: Cartwright Announces $123K FEMA Funds for Delaware Water Gap Fire
Department

LENGTH: 229  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The State of Pennsylvania has issued the following news release:

Today, U.S. Representative Matt Cartwright announced that the Federal Emergency
Management Agency (FEMA), located within the U.S. Department of Homeland
Security, has awarded a total of $123,500 in Assistance to Firefighters Grant
(AFG) funds to the Delaware Water Gap Fire Department in Monroe County.

The Delaware Water Gap Fire Department will use the AFG award to purchase a
Mini-Pumper quick attack vehicle, a multi-purpose truck.

"The Delaware Water Gap Fire Department has effectively served its community
since its founding in 1908," said Rep. Cartwright, a member of the Congressional
Fire Services Caucus.  "In addition to firefighting services, the fire
department provides emergency medical services and rescue support.  This award
will enable the department to continue to provide high-quality services."

The purpose of the AFG is to award competitive grants directly to fire
departments to enhance their ability to protect the health and safety of the
public, as well as that of first-responder personnel.  Since 2001, AFG has
provided approximately $5.6 billion in grants to first-responder organizations
to obtain much-needed emergency response equipment, personal protective
equipment, firefighting and emergency vehicles, and training.

For more information please visit: http://cartwright.house.gov

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              357 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 21, 2014 Thursday

Pennsylvania: Cartwright Announces $123K FEMA Funds for Delaware Water Gap Fire
Department

LENGTH: 229  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The State of Pennsylvania has issued the following news release:

Today, U.S. Representative Matt Cartwright announced that the Federal Emergency
Management Agency (FEMA), located within the U.S. Department of Homeland
Security, has awarded a total of $123,500 in Assistance to Firefighters Grant
(AFG) funds to the Delaware Water Gap Fire Department in Monroe County.

The Delaware Water Gap Fire Department will use the AFG award to purchase a
Mini-Pumper quick attack vehicle, a multi-purpose truck.

"The Delaware Water Gap Fire Department has effectively served its community
since its founding in 1908," said Rep. Cartwright, a member of the Congressional
Fire Services Caucus.  "In addition to firefighting services, the fire
department provides emergency medical services and rescue support.  This award
will enable the department to continue to provide high-quality services."

The purpose of the AFG is to award competitive grants directly to fire
departments to enhance their ability to protect the health and safety of the
public, as well as that of first-responder personnel.  Since 2001, AFG has
provided approximately $5.6 billion in grants to first-responder organizations
to obtain much-needed emergency response equipment, personal protective
equipment, firefighting and emergency vehicles, and training.

For more information please visit: http://cartwright.house.gov

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              358 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           August 20, 2014 Wednesday

Pennsylvania: Cartwright Announces $123K FEMA Funds for Delaware Water Gap Fire
Department

LENGTH: 229  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The State of Pennsylvania has issued the following news release:

Today, U.S. Representative Matt Cartwright announced that the Federal Emergency
Management Agency (FEMA), located within the U.S. Department of Homeland
Security, has awarded a total of $123,500 in Assistance to Firefighters Grant
(AFG) funds to the Delaware Water Gap Fire Department in Monroe County.

The Delaware Water Gap Fire Department will use the AFG award to purchase a
Mini-Pumper quick attack vehicle, a multi-purpose truck.

"The Delaware Water Gap Fire Department has effectively served its community
since its founding in 1908," said Rep. Cartwright, a member of the Congressional
Fire Services Caucus.  "In addition to firefighting services, the fire
department provides emergency medical services and rescue support.  This award
will enable the department to continue to provide high-quality services."

The purpose of the AFG is to award competitive grants directly to fire
departments to enhance their ability to protect the health and safety of the
public, as well as that of first-responder personnel.  Since 2001, AFG has
provided approximately $5.6 billion in grants to first-responder organizations
to obtain much-needed emergency response equipment, personal protective
equipment, firefighting and emergency vehicles, and training.

For more information please visit: http://cartwright.house.gov

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              359 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 19, 2014 Tuesday

Pennsylvania: Cartwright Announces $123K FEMA Funds for Delaware Water Gap Fire
Department

LENGTH: 229  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The State of Pennsylvania has issued the following news release:

Today, U.S. Representative Matt Cartwright announced that the Federal Emergency
Management Agency (FEMA), located within the U.S. Department of Homeland
Security, has awarded a total of $123,500 in Assistance to Firefighters Grant
(AFG) funds to the Delaware Water Gap Fire Department in Monroe County.

The Delaware Water Gap Fire Department will use the AFG award to purchase a
Mini-Pumper quick attack vehicle, a multi-purpose truck.

"The Delaware Water Gap Fire Department has effectively served its community
since its founding in 1908," said Rep. Cartwright, a member of the Congressional
Fire Services Caucus.  "In addition to firefighting services, the fire
department provides emergency medical services and rescue support.  This award
will enable the department to continue to provide high-quality services."

The purpose of the AFG is to award competitive grants directly to fire
departments to enhance their ability to protect the health and safety of the
public, as well as that of first-responder personnel.  Since 2001, AFG has
provided approximately $5.6 billion in grants to first-responder organizations
to obtain much-needed emergency response equipment, personal protective
equipment, firefighting and emergency vehicles, and training.

For more information please visit: http://cartwright.house.gov

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              360 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Greenville Herald-Banner (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            November 23, 2009 Monday

County ponders immediate response program

BYLINE: Chad Blackshear, Greenville Herald-Banner, Greenville, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 300 words


Nov. 23--Hunt County's participation in a program to notify citizens of events
is scheduled to be discussed during today's regular meeting of the Commissioners
Court.

Commissioners are to consider the county's participation in the Immediate
Response Information System (IRIS) Program, a mass notification for emergency
and non-emergency situations.

Also on the agenda is a presentation regarding Hunt County Justice Assistance
Grant No. 2237701 and its possible acceptance by the court. If accepted, the
county will receive $274,525.

Commissioners will also:

--Consider a licensing agreement between Background Solutions, LP of Garland and
Hunt County regarding the use of background assistance software for the
Sheriff's Office;

--Possibly approve a labor standards officer and an agreement between Kerbow &
Associates and Hunt County Water Supply as it pertains to Hunt County's
participation in the Texas Community Development Block Grant Program;

--Discuss and possibly approve an interlocal agreement between the North Central
Texas Council of Governments and Hunt County; and

--Discuss and possibly approve the purchase of a 2010 Ford F-150 Crew Cab Pickup
from Sam Pack's Five Star Ford at a cost of $19,769 for the Hunt County
Environmental Enforcement Department.

The Commissioners Court meets at 10 a.m. in the Auxiliary Courtroom, located at
2700 Johnson.

To see more of Greenville Herald-Banner, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.heraldbanner.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, Greenville Herald-Banner,
Greenville, Texas Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20091123-GC-County-ponders-immediate-response-program-1123

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GC


                                 Copyright 2009


                              361 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Coal Valley News, Madison, W.Va.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           November 29, 2012 Thursday

Boone County eligible for public assistance for damage caused by Hurricane Sandy

BYLINE: Fred Pace, Coal Valley News, Madison, W.Va.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 634 words


Nov. 29--Tuesday, November 27, President Obama declared a major disaster to
reimburse the state and local governments of West Virginia and certain private
non-profit organizations for eligible emergency work or replacement of
disaster-damaged facilities caused by Hurricane Sandy between October 29 and
November 8, 2012.

Boone County was deemed eligible for public assistance.

West Virginia will receive a grant under FEMA's mitigation program to fund
selected projects statewide that are designed to save lives and protect property
in natural disasters.

Mitigation grants are based on the amount of federal disaster assistance a state
receives from a federal- declared disaster, FEMA officials said.

According to officials, FEMA's Public Assistance program can fund eligible
infrastructure costs for debris removal, emergency protective measures (fire,
police, and emergency medical services), roads and bridges, water control
facilities, public buildings and contents, public utilities, and other eligible
infrastructure costs.

"We are extremely appreciative of this assistance FEMA will be providing. Many
towns across West Virginia experienced extensive damage, and these federal funds
will go a long way in helping these communities recover," said West Virginia
Governor Earl Ray Tomblin. "I know we still have West Virginians who are
struggling, and I've requested additional help for these families. While I'm
hopeful we will hear back soon, my request is still under review by FEMA."

Hazard Mitigation grants also became available with the declaration, Tomblin
added.

"All counties are eligible to apply for this financial assistance for actions
taken to prevent or reduce long-term risk to life and property from natural
hazards," he said.

"Having travelled to several counties in the aftermath of the storm and seen
first-hand the ferocity with which Hurricane Sandy struck West Virginia
communities, I welcome the Federal aid for repairing our State's public
facilities and critical service infrastructure, as well as for implementing
long-term hazard mitigation measures to reduce the impact of future storms,"
said Third District U.S. Congressman Nick Rahall (D-W.Va.), who serves as the
Ranking Member of the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee with
jurisdiction over the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA). "As families
and businesses recover and rebuild, I will continue to fight for all of the
Federal disaster assistance our State is entitled to receive."

"I'm very thankful for our first responders and National Guard members who
worked so hard to take care of families whose lives were uprooted by this
storm," U.S. Senator Jay Rockefeller (D-W.Va.) said. "And I'm also grateful that
our request for a Major Disaster Declaration was approved; it's an important
step toward rebuilding. That being said, I'm continuing to press FEMA to take
the next step in approving Individual Assistance for property owners in West
Virginia."

"The people of West Virginia are so resilient, but in the past few months, we've
faced major storms that have done incredible damage to businesses, homes and our
state's infrastructure. I appreciate the Administration's quick approval of this
disaster declaration, which is so important in helping our citizens recover,"
U.S. Senator Joe Manchin (D-W.Va.) said. "I want to especially thank my friend
Secretary Janet Napolitano, who personally visited our state during the disaster
to see the hard work of our first responders and make sure that they had
everything they needed. I know that the people of West Virginia will put these
resources to good use rebuilding our communities and lives."

___ (c)2012 the Coal Valley News (Madison, W.Va.) Visit the Coal Valley News
(Madison, W.Va.) at www.coalvalleynews.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20121129-1WV-Boone-County-eligible-for-public-assistance
-for-damage-caused-by-Hurricane-Sandy-1129-20121129

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1WV


                Copyright 2012 Coal Valley News, Madison, W.Va.


                              362 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                           October 20, 2011 Thursday
                         BROOKFIELDS/LEICESTER EDITION

Article for emergency alert system to be on warrant

BYLINE: Karen Trainor, CORRESPONDENT

SECTION: Pg. 8

LENGTH: 237 words

DATELINE: BROOKFIELD


Brookfield Emergency Management Director Keith Karrmann has proposed a special
town meeting warrant article to fund the services of Blackboard Connect, a
community notification agency. According to Mr. Karrmann, the service, which is
for emergency alerts and community outreach, is a cost effective way to contact
residents via telephone, email and texts.

"It is cheaper in the long run than the four-tower system," Mr. Karrmann told
the Board of Selectmen at their meeting on Oct. 11.

He said in addition to alerting residents of emergencies, the service could
target certain areas of town to notify citizens of such situations as road
closings and water shortages.

Mr. Karrmann said the annual cost of the service is $3,600, which averages out
to $1.91 per Brookfield household. Selectmen agreed to put an article to fund
the service on the Nov. 18 special town meeting warrant.

Selectmen also voted to support the annual Community Development Block Grant
application to participate in regional programs with Ware, Warren, and Hardwick.

The community offerings consist of housing rehabilitation, adult literacy and
support services.

Brookfield has participated in the joint project for several years, and
according to selectmen, the housing program has rehabilitated an average of five
Brookfield units per year.

"A lot of people have been helped and the list gets longer every year," reported
Administrative Assistant Donna Neylon.

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2011 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              363 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                              June 30, 2008 Monday
                                  All Editions

USDA flood disaster assistance available

SECTION: Pg. B5

LENGTH: 416 words

DATELINE: PRESQUE ISLE


The U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural Development has grant and loan funds
available to assist owners of residences and businesses damaged by the recent
flooding.

Areas that have been declared by President Bush as federal disaster areas will
receive priority consideration during the application process. These are
Aroostook County and parts of northern Penobscot County.

USDA Rural Development can provide assistance to homeowners whose residences
were damaged by this spring's flooding. The Single Family Housing 504 Loan
Program can be used for home repair or rehabilitation and provides funds at 1
percent interest to those who qualify. Loans of up to $20,000 are available with
a payback period of up to 20 years.

A Single Family Housing 502 Direct Loan, also available, provides housing
assistance to families that fall within income guidelines. The loan can be used
to purchase an existing home, repair an existing home, or for construction of a
new home. The amount of the loan is based on what the applicant can afford and
can be up to $181,800 for 33 years. Payment subsidy is available for qualified
applicants and can reduce payments to as low as 1 percent.

Grant funds are available to rural public entities that qualify for assistance.
Under the Rural Business Enterprise Grant program, grants are available for
rural projects that finance and facilitate development of small and emerging
rural businesses, and to help fund distance learning networks, adult education,
and employment programs. Rural public entities such as towns, communities, state
agencies, and authorities, Indian tribes, and rural private nonprofit
corporations are eligible to apply for funding. RBEG funds are available until
July 18 for designated disaster areas.

USDA Rural Development also offers funds for community assistance facilities
such as rural schools, libraries, day care centers, hospitals, fire and rescue
and emergency centers, fire, and police stations, public buildings, medical and
assisted living centers. Assistance is also available for infrastructure such as
water and waste water systems.

For information about assistance, call 800-352-8963, ext. 161, or e-mail
rdhelps@me.usda.gov with the subject: Disaster Assistance. Be sure to include
your name, phone number, town in which you live, as well as program you are
interested in learning more about.

Further information on rural programs is available at a local USDA Rural
Development office or visit USDA's Web site www.rurdev.usda.gov/me.

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2008 Bangor Daily News


                              364 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             October 2, 2015 Friday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Adoption of Uniform Administrative Requirements, Cost
Principles, and Audit Requirements for Federal Awards; States and Tribal
Mitigation Planning Regulations Change

LENGTH: 3000 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



   Rules and Regulations Federal Register
________________________________________________________________________ This
section of the FEDERAL REGISTER contains regulatory documents having general
applicability and legal effect, most of which are keyed to and codified in the
Code of Federal Regulations, which is published under 50 titles pursuant to 44
U.S.C. 1510. The Code of Federal Regulations is sold by the Superintendent of
Documents. Prices of new books are listed in the first FEDERAL REGISTER issue of
each week.
======================================================================== Federal
Register / Vol.

80, No. 191 / Friday, October 2, 2015 / Rules and Regulations [[Page 59549]]
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY 2 CFR Part 3002 Federal Emergency Management
Agency 44 CFR Parts 13, 78, 79, 152, 201, 204, 206, 207, 208, 304, 360, and 361
[Docket ID: FEMA-2015-0012] RIN 1601-AA71 Adoption of Uniform Administrative
Requirements, Cost Principles, and Audit Requirements for Federal Awards; States
and Tribal Mitigation Planning Regulations Change AGENCY: Federal Emergency
Management Agency, DHS. ACTION: Final rule.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
On December 19, 2014, all Federal award-making agencies, including the
Department of Homeland Security (DHS) and its component, the Federal Emergency
Management Agency (FEMA), published a joint interim final rule implementing the
Office of Management and Budget (OMB)'s Uniform Administrative Requirements,
Cost Principles, and Audit Requirements for Federal Awards. DHS and FEMA now
adopt, with one change, the interim final rule as final. The change restores
language in the FEMA State and Tribal mitigation planning regulations that was
inadvertently removed by the interim final rule. DATES: Effective Date: November
2, 2015. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Andrea Brandon, Director, Financial
Assistance Policy and Oversight (FAPO), Office of the Chief Financial Officer
(OCIO), DHS, at (202) 447-0675 or Andrea.Brandon@hq.dhs.gov Paul Huang, Acting
Division Director, Risk Analysis Division, Federal Insurance and Mitigation
Administration, DHS/FEMA, at (202) 646-3252 or Paul.Huang@fema.dhs.gov
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: I. Background On November 23, 2009, the President
issued Executive Order 13520 (``Reducing Improper Payments and Eliminating Waste
in Federal Programs''). On February 28, 2011, the President issued a
Presidential Memorandum (``Administrative Flexibility, Lower Costs, and Better
Results for State, Local, and Tribal Governments''). These documents directed
OMB to work with Executive Branch agencies to potentially establish reforms on
Federal grant policies. In response, on October 27, 2011, OMB established the
Council on Financial Assistance Reform, an interagency group of Executive Branch
officials tasked with creating an accountable structure to coordinate financial
assistance, streamline Federal grant-making requirements, ease administrative
burdens, and strengthen Federal fund oversight to reduce risks of waste, fraud,
and abuse. On February 28, 2012, OMB published an Advanced Notice of Proposed
Guidance. See 77 FR 11778. On February 1, 2013, OMB published a Notice of
Proposed Guidance. See 78 FR 7282. Both documents solicited public comment on
ideas for reforming the requirements that govern the management of Federal
financial assistance awards. On December 26, 2013, OMB published the Uniform
Guidance, which added Part 200 (``OMB Guidance'') to Title 2 (``Grants and
Agreements'') of the Code of Federal Regulations. See 79 FR 75871. The Uniform
Guidance included:  The consolidation of eight previously-issued OMB Circulars

 on grants and awards;

      A uniform set of administrative requirements for grant

 recipients;

      A focus on grantee performance over compliance for

 accountability;

      An emphasis on efficient uses of information technology

 and shared services;

      A uniform set of cost principles that treats costs

 transparently and consistently;

      A limitation on allowable costs in order to make best uses

 of Federal resources;

      The standardization of business processes using consistent

 data element definitions;

      An emphasis on oversight by reviewing risks prior to

 awarding grants; and

      A uniform set of audit requirements that prioritizes

 identifying the risks of fraud, waste, and abuse.

     The Uniform Guidance required Federal agencies to implement the

 policies and procedures applicable to Federal awards by promulgating a

 regulation to be effective by December 26, 2014. See 2 CFR 200.110.

     On December 19, 2014, all Federal award-making agencies promulgated

 a joint interim final rule implementing the Uniform Administrative

 Requirements, Cost Principles, and Audit Requirements for Federal

 Awards. See 79 FR 75871. In the interim final rule, DHS adopted OMB's

 Guidance as DHS's own via 2 CFR part 3002, and FEMA removed 44 CFR part

 13 (FEMA's grant administration regulations). Also, throughout Title

 44, FEMA replaced all references to Part 13 with corresponding

 references to 2 CFR parts 200 and 3002, as applicable.

     During the joint interim final rule's comment period, OMB received

 61 comments from individuals and organizations. No comments OMB

 received referenced DHS or FEMA. Thus, DHS and FEMA are adopting the

 interim final rule as final, with one change.



 II. Change to December 19, 2014 Interim Final Rule



     FEMA's mitigation planning regulations are located at 44 CFR part

 201, and set forth instructions on the policies and procedures for

 State, Tribal, and local hazard mitigation planning. Hazard mitigation

 is any sustained action taken to reduce or eliminate long-term risk to

 people and property from natural hazards and their effects. The purpose

 of hazard mitigation planning is to identify policies and actions that

 can be implemented over the long-term to reduce risk and future losses.

 State, Indian Tribal, and local governments are required to develop a

 hazard mitigation plan as one of the conditions for establishing

 eligibility for certain types of Federal non-emergency disaster

 assistance and FEMA mitigation grants.

     The December 19, 2014 joint interim final rule contained an

 inadvertent error



 [[Page 59550]]



 to FEMA's Standard State Mitigation Planning regulations at 44 CFR

 201.4(c)(7) and to FEMA's Tribal Mitigation Planning regulations at 44

 CFR 201.7(c)(6). Prior to the December 19, 2014 joint interim final

 rule, these sections read as published in Title 44 of the Code of

 Federal Regulations, revised as of October 1, 2014.

     In the December 19, 2014 joint interim final rule, FEMA revised the

 first sentences of 44 CFR 201.4(c)(7) and 44 CFR 201.7(c)(6) with a

 general citation to 2 CFR parts 200 and 3002. However, FEMA

 unintentionally removed the second sentence of these sections and thus

 inadvertently removed a procedure by which States and Indian Tribal

 governments amend their mitigation plans when necessary to reflect

 changes in State, Indian Tribal, or Federal laws or regulations. In

 this final rule, FEMA is reinserting this provision.

     While FEMA previously referenced 44 CFR 13.11(d) in both 44 CFR

 201.4(c)(7) and in 44 CFR 201.7(c)(6), FEMA, as noted above, removed 44

 CFR part 13 and replaced all references to Part 13 with corresponding

 references to 2 CFR parts 200 and 3002, as applicable. There are no

 corresponding pinpoint cites in 2 CFR part 200 or Part 3002 that

 replace the requirements found at 44 CFR 13.11(d). Thus, FEMA cannot

 carry this reference over to the revised regulations. FEMA regulations

 have included the procedure for States and Indian Tribal governments

 since 2002 and 2007, respectively, to amend their plans to reflect

 changes in State, Indian Tribal, or Federal laws, statutes and

 regulations, as applicable. As FEMA is simply reinserting an

 inadvertently removed and longstanding provision, this change does not

 create new program requirements. FEMA also describes these provisions

 in various guidance materials and is revising the references as

 applicable.\1\

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



     \1\ State Multi-Hazard Planning Guidance, effective through

 March 5, 2016, https://www.fema.gov/media-library/assets/documents/103285;
State Mitigation Plan Review Guide, effective on March 6,

 2016, https://www.fema.gov/media-library/assets/documents/101659;

 Tribal Multi-Hazard Planning Guidance,
https://www.fema.gov/media-library/assets/documents/18355.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------



 III. Regulatory Analyses



 A. Executive Order 12866 Determination



     Pursuant to Executive Order 12866, as amended, OMB's Office of

 Information and Regulatory Affairs (OIRA) has designated this final

 rule to be not significant.



 B. Administrative Procedure Act



     The Administrative Procedure Act (APA) provides that an agency may

 dispense with notice and comment rulemaking procedures when it

 promulgates an interpretive rule, a general statement of policy, or a

 rule of agency organization, procedure, or practice. See 5 U.S.C.

 553(b)(A). DHS is issuing this change to reinstate FEMA procedures

 inadvertently removed in the interim final rule, related to ensuring

 mitigation plan compliance with applicable laws and regulations. Thus,

 DHS finds that this part of the final rule relates to agency procedures

 and is exempt from notice and comment.

     In addition, the APA provides that an agency may dispense with

 notice and comment rulemaking procedures when an agency, for good

 cause, finds those procedures are impracticable, unnecessary, or

 contrary to the public interest. See 5 U.S.C. 553(b)(B). DHS is

 reinserting two provisions concerning mitigation plan compliance with

 applicable laws and regulations, a requirement that was already present

 in 44 CFR 201.4(c)(7) and 44 CFR 201.7(c)(6). Thus, DHS finds that

 notice and comment is unnecessary and that this part of the final rule

 is exempt from notice and comment.



 C. Regulatory Flexibility Act



     The Regulatory Flexibility Act (RFA) requires an agency that is

 issuing a final rule to provide a final regulatory flexibility analysis

 or to certify that the rule will not have a significant economic impact

 on a substantial number of small entities. This final rule imposes no

 cost as the common interim rule implemented OMB final guidance issued

 on December 26, 2013, and did not have a significant economic impact

 beyond the impact of the December 2013 guidance.



 D. Unfunded Mandates Reform Act



     The Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995, Public Law 104-4, 109

 Stat. 48 (Mar. 22, 1995) (2 U.S.C. 1501 et seq.), requires Federal

 agencies to assess the effects of their discretionary regulatory

 actions that may result in the expenditure by a State, local, or Tribal

 government, in the aggregate, or by the private sector of $100,000,000

 or more in any one year. As the final rule would not have an impact

 greater than $100,000,000 or more in any one year, it is not an

 unfunded Federal mandate.



 E. Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) of 1995



     In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 (44 U.S.C.

 Ch. 3506; 5 CFR Appendix A.1) (PRA), DHS and FEMA reviewed this final

 rule and have determined that there are no new collections of

 information contained therein.



 F. Executive Order 13175, Consultation and Coordination With Indian

 Tribal Governments



     Executive Order 13175, ``Consultation and Coordination With Indian

 Tribal Governments,'' (65 FR 67249, Nov. 9, 2000), applies to agency

 regulations that have Tribal implications, that is, regulations that

 have substantial direct effects on one or more Indian Tribes, on the

 relationship between the Federal Government and Indian Tribes, or on

 the distribution of power and responsibilities between the Federal

 Government and Indian Tribes. Under this Executive Order, to the extent

 practicable and permitted by law, no agency shall promulgate any

 regulation that has Tribal implications, that imposes substantial

 direct compliance costs on Indian Tribal governments, and that is not

 required by statute, unless funds necessary to pay the direct costs

 incurred by the Indian Tribal government or the Tribe in complying with

 the regulation are provided by the Federal Government, or the agency

 consults with Tribal officials. DHS and FEMA have determined that this

 final rule does not have any Tribal implications.



 G. Executive Order 13132 Determination



     DHS and FEMA have determined that this final rule does not have any

 federalism implications, as required by Executive Order 13132.



 List of Subjects



 2 CFR Part 3002



     Accounting, Administrative practice and procedure, Adult education,

 Aged, Agriculture, American Samoa, Bilingual education, Blind, Business

 and industry, Civil rights, Colleges and universities, Communications,

 Community development, Community facilities, Copyright, Credit,

 Cultural exchange programs, Educational facilities, Educational

 research, Education, Education of disadvantaged, Education of

 individuals with disabilities, Educational study programs, Electric

 power, Electric power rates, Electric utilities, Elementary and

 secondary education, Energy conservation, Equal educational

 opportunity, Federally affected areas, Government contracts, Grant

 programs, Grant programs-agriculture, Grant programs-business and

 industry, Grant programs-communications, Grant



 [[Page 59551]]



 programs-education, Grant programs-energy, Grant programs-health, Grant

 programs-housing and community development, Grant programs-social

 programs, Grant administration, Guam, Home improvement, Homeless,

 Hospitals, Housing, Human research subjects, Indians, Indians-

 education, Infants and children, Insurance, Intergovernmental

 relations, International organizations, Inventions and patents, Loan

 programs, Loan programs social programs, Loan programs-agriculture,

 Loan programs-business and industry, Loan programs-communications, Loan

 programs-energy, Loan programs-health, Loan programs-housing and

 community development, Manpower training programs, Migrant labor,

 Mortgage insurance, Nonprofit organizations, Northern Mariana Islands,

 Pacific Islands Trust Territories, Privacy, Renewable Energy, Reporting

 and recordkeeping requirements, Rural areas, Scholarships and

 fellowships, School construction, Schools, Science and technology,

 Securities, Small businesses, State and local governments, Student aid,

 Teachers, Telecommunications, Telephone, Urban areas, Veterans, Virgin

 Islands, Vocational education, Vocational rehabilitation, Waste

 treatment and disposal, Water pollution control, Water resources, Water

 supply, Watersheds, Women.



 44 CFR Part 13



     Accounting, Grant programs, Indians, Intergovernmental relations,

 Reporting and recordkeeping requirements.



 44 CFR Part 78



     Flood insurance, Grant programs.



 44 CFR Part 79



     Flood insurance, Grant programs.



 44 CFR Part 152



     Fire prevention, Grant programs, Reporting and recordkeeping

 requirements.



 44 CFR Part 201



     Administrative practice and procedure, Disaster assistance, Grant

 programs, Reporting and recordkeeping requirements.



 44 CFR Part 206



     Administrative practice and procedure, Coastal zone, Community

 facilities, Disaster assistance, Fire prevention, Grant programs-

 housing and community development, Housing, Insurance,

 Intergovernmental relations, Loan programs-housing and community

 development, Natural resources, Penalties, Reporting and recordkeeping

 requirements.



 44 CFR Part 207



     Administrative practice and procedure, Disaster assistance, Grant

 programs, Reporting and recordkeeping requirements.



 44 CFR Part 208



     Disaster assistance, grant programs.



 44 CFR Part 304



     American Samoa, Civil defense, Grant programs-National defense,

 Guam, Northern Mariana Islands, Reporting and recordkeeping

 requirements, Virgin Islands.



 44 CFR Part 360



     Civil defense, Disaster assistance, Education, Grant programs-

 education, Intergovernmental relations, Reporting and recordkeeping

 requirements.



 44 CFR Part 361



     Disaster assistance, Grant programs-housing and community

 development, Reporting and recordkeeping requirements.



     Accordingly, the interim final rule amending 2 CFR part 3002 and 44

 CFR parts 13, 78, 79, 152, 201, 204, 206, 207, 208, 304, 360, and 361,

 which was published in the Federal Register at 79 FR 75871 on December

 19, 2014, is adopted as final with the following changes:



 Title 44--Emergency Management and Assistance



 PART 201--MITIGATION PLANNING



 0

 1. The authority citation for Part 201 continues to read as follows:



     Authority: Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency

 Assistance Act, 42 U.S.C. 5121 through 5207; Reorganization Plan No.

 3 of 1978, 43 FR 41943, 3 CFR, 1978 Comp., p. 329; Homeland Security

 Act of 2002, 6 U.S.C. 101; E.O. 12127, 44 FR 19367, 3 CFR, 1979

 Comp., p. 376; E.O. 12148, 44 FR 43239, 3 CFR, 1979 Comp., p. 412;

 E.O. 13286, 68 FR 10619, 3 CFR, 2003 Comp., p. 166.



 0

 2. Section 201.4 is amended by adding a sentence to the end of

 paragraph (c)(7) to read as follows:





 Sec.  201.4  Standard State Mitigation Plans.



 * * * * *

     (c) * * *

     (7) * * * The State will amend its plan whenever necessary to

 reflect changes in State or Federal statutes and regulations.

 * * * * *



 0

 3. Section 201.7 is amended by adding a sentence to the end of

 paragraph (c)(6) to read as follows:





 Sec.  201.7  Tribal Mitigation Plans.



 * * * * *

     (c) * * *

     (6) * * * The Indian Tribal government will amend its plan whenever

 necessary to reflect changes in Tribal or Federal laws and statutes.

 * * * * *



     Dated: September 22, 2015.

 Jeh Charles Johnson,

 Secretary of Homeland Security.

 [FR Doc. 2015-24584 Filed 10-1-15; 8:45 am]

  BILLING CODE 9111-66-P, 9110-17-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              365 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                            November 28, 2010 Sunday

Haiti/Cholera: US$10 Million World Bank Emergency Grant to Step Up Access to
Health Services--Program is part of World Bank US$479 million reconstruction
support

LENGTH: 758  words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, Nov. 28 -- In response to the first cholera outbreak in Haiti in
decades, the World Bank is preparing a US$10 million Cholera Emergency Grant.
The program is part of World Bank US$479 million reconstruction support. The
outbreak has already caused over 1,200 deaths and could kill up to 10,000 people
in the coming six to 12 months if the outbreak is not contained, according to
figures from the Pan American Health Organization (PAHO).

"Haiti needs all the help it can get to respond to the deadly cholera epidemic
which is ravaging parts of the country," said Ronald Baudin, Haiti's Minister of
Finance. "The support of the World Bank will be key for saving lives and
re-establishing the public health service network."

The US$10 million grant will bolster the surveillance and monitoring capacity of
the Ministry of Public Health and Population (MSPP) and the Haitian National
Directorate of Water Supply and Sanitation (DINEPA). The initiative is aligned
with the Cholera Inter-Sector Response Strategic Plan for Haiti, under the
leadership of MSPP and DINEPA.

The grant will also finance the work of nongovernmental organizations (NGOs) to
improve access to clean water, provide basic health services for affected
populations and vulnerable groups, as well as safe sanitation and waste
management in high risk areas.

"Implementation of the National Response Strategy to the cholera outbreak
requires close donor and partner coordination, including all organizations
currently operating on the ground," said Alexandre Abrantes, the World Bank
Special Envoy to Haiti. "The new grant will be used to contract experienced NGOs
for immediate cholera response activities and strengthen the capacity of the
Government to respond to epidemics."

These activities will complement significant hygiene awareness and prevention
efforts already underway, such as the creation of a "Public Health Brigade" to
carry out cholera treatment and prevention work throughout the country.

Through a Global Facility for Disaster Reduction and Recovery grant of
US$200,000, the World Bank is identifying national and international actors
already involved in these tasks, preparing a standardized training plan and
training a core group of 250 trainers. It will also finance an awareness and
prevention campaign.

The Bank has also provided assistance to the Directorate of Civil Protection
since the beginning of the cholera outbreak to coordinate the response of the
Government and its partners. This assistance has supported the setup and manning
of the National Emergency Operation Center and management of the national
campaign "Konbit kont Kolera," which raises awareness on cholera and its
prevention.

According to Haitian official figures, the number of people hospitalized has
reached more than 22,512 and the number of deaths has risen to more than 1,200.
Haiti's humanitarian situation was already precarious due to the January 12,
2010 earthquake that struck the country and left 1.5 million people homeless and
living in camps throughout Port-au-Prince and other cities.

In the aftermath of the January earthquake, the World Bank is providing US$479
million in reconstruction support. Of those, US$320 million have been already
provided for various government-led projects, US$39 million were used to cancel
Haiti's Bank debt and US$49 million from the Bank's private sector arm, the
International Finance Corporation, were used to support Haiti's private
development.

The Bank's response following the earthquake has focused on improving the lot of
those affected while contributing to build the foundations for a long-term
recovery. Emergency projects have included: rebuilding state capacity, clearing
the city's drainage canals to avoid flooding, feeding school children, providing
solar energy to displaced Haitians, assessing housing damage and rebuilding
crucial roads and bridges for the delivery of aid.

The new World Bank grant of US$10 million is being prepared with the Government
of Haiti and United Nations agencies and is expected to be formally submitted to
the Board of Directors of the World Bank for approval in December 2010.
Provisions under World Bank emergency operation procedures allow for up to 40
percent of the grant, once approved, to be used to reimburse eligible
expenditures already incurred as part of the emergency response. Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Daily Pak Banker. For any query with respect to
this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              366 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 21, 2014 Monday

Minnesota: Governor Dayton Secures Presidential Disaster Declaration

LENGTH: 649  words

DATELINE: Saint Paul


Office of the Governor, The State of Minnesota has issued the following press
release:

Today, following a July 9 request from Governor Mark Dayton, President Barack
Obama has declared a major disaster in Minnesota after widespread flooding
across the state. The President's declaration will deliver federal aid to
supplement state and local recovery efforts in areas affected by severe storms
and flooding.

Since the flooding began on June 11, Governor Dayton has visited 14
flood-affected counties across Minnesota - surveying damage and coordinating the
state's response efforts with local officials. To ensure Minnesotans received
federal assistance quickly, the Governor directed the Minnesota Department of
Public Safety to rapidly begin preliminary damage assessments. This move allowed
Governor Dayton to make a request for a presidential disaster declaration
quickly, and allowed the state to secure $5 million in Federal Highway emergency
funds to repair flood damaged roads.

Currently, eight counties (Chippewa, Freeborn, Jackson, Murray, Nobles,
Pipestone, Renville, and Rock) are included under the Presidential Declaration -
this number is expected to increase as new damage assessments are submitted. The
most recent preliminary damage assessment figures from the Federal Emergency
Management Agency (FEMA) shows $37.1 million in eligible expenses:

Debris removal: $3.2 million
    Emergency protective measures: $3.7 million
    Roads and bridges $16.1 million
    Water control facilities $5 million
    Buildings and equipment: $721,000
    Utilities: $3.2 million
    Parks, recreational facilities and other facilities: $5.2 million

FEMA will reimburse 75 percent of approved costs. Under legislation signed by
Governor Dayton in 2014, the State of Minnesota will pay the non-federal share.
Eligible work includes debris removal, emergency services related to the
disaster and repair or replacement of damaged public facilities, such as roads,
power poles, buildings, utilities and recreation areas. Minnesota Homeland
Security and Emergency Management (HSEM) disaster recovery staff will work with
all eligible applicants to process requests for assistance.

Types of Aid Available
The Presidential Declaration makes two types of federal aid available to
Minnesota communities for flood and storm damage recovery:

Public Assistance Aid - Assistance to state and local government and certain
private not for profit organizations for emergency work and the repair or
replacement of disaster-damaged facilities. This applies within counties in the
disaster area.

Hazard Mitigation Grant Program - Assistance to state and local government and
certain private not for profit organizations for actions taken to prevent or
reduce long-term risk to life and property from natural hazards. All counties in
Minnesota are eligible to apply for assistance under this program.

Next Steps for Flood-Damaged Communities
Now that a Presidential Disaster has been declared, flood-damaged communities
will engage in the following process with state and federal emergency management
officials.

Applicant Briefing - The Department of Public Safety will hold informational
meetings for local officials in affected communities. These meetings will
explain the process of receiving federal aid and provide preliminary paperwork
for applicants to complete. All requests for public assistance must be filed
with the state within 30 days after the area is designated eligible for
assistance.

Kickoff Meeting - FEMA will return to the affected communities to meet with each
aid applicant to develop an action plan for disaster recovery.

Recovery Project Planning - FEMA and the Minnesota Department of Public Safety
will develop a project worksheet for each project that clearly defines the work
to be done and the projected costs.

For further information please visit: http://mn.gov/governor/

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              367 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Leeds News (Alabama)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 10, 2011 Tuesday

Governments, volunteers work to restore normalcy to area

BYLINE: Robert Blankenship, The Leeds News, Ala.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1150 words


May 10--LEEDS -- The impact of the April 27 storms and tornadoes was visible on
almost every neighborhood throughout the tri-county area. Moody and other areas
in St. Clair County were hit especially hard with 14 deaths reported.

With much of the area without electricity following the storms, area
municipalities geared up for long days of clean-up while other residents
participated in other ways, such as volunteering and donated supplies for those
in need.

In all, more than half of Alabama has been designated for disaster assistance
for individuals, households and businesses as part of Alabama's federal disaster
declaration, according to Federal Emergency Management Agency officials. Those
counties include Jefferson and St. Clair.

Homeowners and renters can apply for grants to help pay for rental housing, home
repairs and other serious disaster-related expenses not met by insurance or
other assistance programs. Low-interest disaster loans from the U.S. Small
Business Administration are also available to cover residential and business
losses not fully compensated by insurance.

Affected survivors and business owners in the designated counties may apply for
assistance by calling FEMA's toll-free registration number, 800-621-FEMA (3362).
The hearing or speech impaired can use the TTY line at 800-462-7585. The
registration lines are available from 7 a.m. to 10 p.m., local time. An
application may be completed online by going to www.DisasterAssistance.gov.

Governor Robert Bentley has established the Governor's Emergency Relief Fund
(GERF). Donations to this fund will be used to relieve suffering caused by the
recent tornadoes in Alabama.

Individuals, corporations and organizations looking for a way to help with
recovery costs associated with the storms can make financial contributions
online at www.servealabama.gov or by mail to Governor's Emergency Relief Fund,
P.O. Box 1523, Montgomery, AL 36102. The Governor's Office of Faith-Based and
Community Initiatives will administer the fund. The United Way of Alabama will
serve as the fiscal agent for the fund.

"We are all heartbroken by the damage our state has suffered, and now we must
turn our attention to helping one another recover," said Governor Bentley. "We
are asking for people to donate to the Governor's Emergency Relief Fund so we
can meet as many needs as possible."

St. Clair Hit Hard

Areas in St. Clair County were slammed by the storms on Wednesday, resulting in
14 deaths, 12 of those coming in the Shoal Creek area. One death was in Moody on
Kelly Creek Road and another in Pell City.

Moody sustained widespread damage during the storms due to straight-line winds.
Mayor Joe Lee estimates 500 homes and 250 to 300 mobile homes were damaged or
destroyed last Wednesday.

"We're getting the support we need. We've got a handle on the cleanup at this
time, thanks to the city of Irondale with their mutual aid. They've put four
trucks with operators in our city to help, and Veolia has up to seven trucks in
our neighborhood picking up limbs," he said.

The National Weather Service identified three tornadoes that tracked through St.
Clair County: An EF-2 tornado damaged homes along Highway 174 during the morning
hours, while an EF-0 hit the Shadydale community in Pell City.

The strongest, an EF-4 tornado, tore through the Shoal Creek Valley and left
little but rubble in its wake.

"Shoal Creek Valley, in our lifetime, will never look the same. The tornado took
all the 80- to 90-year-old trees out, but we've got to go back and do the best
we can to restore Shoal Creek Valley to the beautiful community it was," said
Ashville Mayor Robert McKay.

Recovery in Leeds

Leeds Mayor Eric Patterson said that the city had over 40 roads blocked as a
result of the storms. At 11:15 a.m. Wednesday a state of emergency was declared.

Patterson said city road crews got to work immediately clearing trees from roads
and that emergency personnel began working double shifts. He added that along
with city employees, additional contractors were brought in and that the Leeds
Water Works Board provided additional help.

"Everyone did a superior job," Patterson said. "We had all of our roads, with
the exception of one, opened within 24 hours. We couldn't have done it without
the hard work or our employees. Plus, employees with the Leeds Water Works Board
worked two solid days helping and we certainly appreciate them. It was really a
joint effort by everybody."

Patterson also pointed out that many residents found a way to help.

"Compared to other events of the day, it could have been a lot worse for us. It
was a great thing to see so many people pitching in and helping out," he said.

Due to the massive damage in St. Clair County and Pell City, the Leeds Police
Department became the 911 call center for St. Clair. The Leeds Fire Department
also stayed busy, but was ultimately able to send crews to harder hit areas,
specifically Pleasant Grove, Moody, Fultondale and Minor, to help in search and
rescue efforts.

Leeds Councilmember Kenneth Washington was among those who lost a home in the
storm. He said watching everyone help one another afterward was wonderful.

"I thank everyone for the things they did to help one another," Washington said.
"I never saw the city come together like that before. We have to keep praying
and working together."

The council voted on Monday to bid out additional clean-up work. The bids should
be back within 48 hours at which time the council will likely call a special
session to approve a contract.

The city will be picking up trees and limbs that are cut into manageable pieces
within 10 feet of the road that are not blocked by power lines or other
obstructions. The city cannot come onto private property by law to clear debris.

Donations

For those looking to make donations, a list of suggested items include: lotion,
sunscreen, lip balm, soap, hand sanitizer, denture products, shampoo,
sunglasses, reading glasses, flashlights, batteries, flip flops, tooth paste,
tooth brushes, Vaseline, alcohol, Q-tips, band-aids, hair scrunchies, children's
underwear (new packages), can openers, bug spray, deodorant, razor/shaving
cream, Neosporin, garbage bags, grills, gallon zip locks, aspirin, wash clothes,
towels, blankets and sheets, take out food boxes, diapers, wipes, formula,
plastic cups, chairs (ballpark chairs), toilet paper, paper towels, flashlights
and batteries, baby food, feminine products, cleaning cloths, cereal, muffins,
cleaning products, latex gloves, portable radios.

See the list related to this story for drop-off points and contact information.

To see more of The Leeds News, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.theleedsnews.net. Copyright (c) 2011, The Leeds News, Ala.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20110510-AV-Governments-volunteers-work-to-restore-normalcy-to-area-0510-2011051
0

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AV


                         Copyright 2011 The Leeds News


                              368 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Newcastle Herald (Australia)

                             June 14, 2007 Thursday
                                  Late Edition

Hard toil begins to rise from the ruins;
THE AFTERMATH RECOVERY

BYLINE: GABRIEL WINGATE-PEARSE

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 596 words


STATE emergency services switched their focus from flood management to storm
damage yesterday as water levels in the Hunter River dropped and low-lying areas
began to drain.

Damaged roofs, main roads and bridges came first on a long list of priorities
for volunteers and council workers.

Authorities said it could take months, even years, before some facilities were
completely restored.

The extent of damage in Maitland will not be known until water levels recede
sufficiently to allow a proper assessment, but it was hoped the rail line and
the New England Highway would be opened today.

Hinton remained cut off while farms and homes in outlying rural areas remained
under water.

Many residents tried to go back to their everyday lives from somewhere other
than home.

In Abermain, Weston and South Cessnock, where 25, 15 and 30 homes were inundated
with water, destroying all contents and furnishings, hygiene was the main issue,
due to sewage overflows.

Cessnock Mayor John Clarence said Cessnock Council would letterbox-drop flyers
telling residents to ensure their homes were cleaned properly, and warning them
of the potential for tetanus and other infections.

State Emergency Service (SES) public communications manager Steve Delaney said
more than 1850 calls for assistance were still outstanding yesterday morning.

The full extent of the community's needs could be considerably higher, he said,
depending on how many people had struggled to get through. Others may have
sorted out problems on their own.

"We won't know, really, until after today," Mr Delaney said.

"We are planning, no matter what happens, to finish by the weekend, so our
volunteers can get back home."

About 70 volunteers from Queensland arrived at Lake Macquarie SES headquarters,
while volunteers from the ACT, Victoria, and around NSW helped swell the
volunteers in the Hunter and Central Coast to about 2000.

Lake Macquarie SES controller Daryl Marshall said about 200 homes needed help
repairing and sealing damaged roofs, with another 1800 jobs in the queue.

Volunteers were hiring and borrowing equipment and using vehicles sent from
Sydney.

"They have been working their butts off," Mr Marshall said.

"It's been a long process, and it's going to be a long process. This will take
weeks."

In Lake Macquarie the worst hit suburbs were Charlestown and Mount Hutton with
hundreds of trees down, Mr Marshall said.

In Newcastle the top three worst-affected suburbs were Merewether, New Lambton
and Hamilton, with up to 100 SES volunteers on the job.

Services continued to resume yesterday but 3000 homes, scattered between Kotara,
Wyee, Windale Charlestown, Dudley, Cardiff, Boolaroo and Blackalls Park, were
still without power.

An EnergyAustralia spokesman said it was hoped their power would be reinstated
by the weekend but some residents may have problems at their end yet to be
resolved.

Telstra was reinstating connections but there were still 2100 homes without
telephone lines late yesterday afternoon.

Premier Morris Iemma declared the Hunter Region a natural disaster area on
Saturday night.

Individuals can obtain emergency food, clothing and accommodation through the
Department of Community Services.

Low interest loans and grants are being offered to councils, and some assistance
is offered to sporting clubs and other affected non-profit organisations.

The Federal Government is offering assistance to people who have suffered
serious injury, lost their home, or had their home rendered uninhabitable for 48
hours as a direct result of the disaster; $1000 for an eligible adult, and $400
an eligible child.

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PRIORITY: SES workers cut down a tree that had to be taken off a house
in Donald Street, Hamilton, yesterday. - Picture by Ryan Osland

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2007 Newcastle Newspapers Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              369 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                            November 29, 2010 Monday

USA: Haiti/Cholera: US$10 Million World Bank Emergency Grant to Step Up Access
to Health Services--Program is part of World Bank US$479 million reconstruction
support

LENGTH: 758  words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, Nov. 29 -- In response to the first cholera outbreak in Haiti in
decades, the World Bank is preparing a US$10 million Cholera Emergency Grant.
The program is part of World Bank US$479 million reconstruction support. The
outbreak has already caused over 1,200 deaths and could kill up to 10,000 people
in the coming six to 12 months if the outbreak is not contained, according to
figures from the Pan American Health Organization (PAHO).

"Haiti needs all the help it can get to respond to the deadly cholera epidemic
which is ravaging parts of the country," said Ronald Baudin, Haiti's Minister of
Finance. "The support of the World Bank will be key for saving lives and
re-establishing the public health service network."

The US$10 million grant will bolster the surveillance and monitoring capacity of
the Ministry of Public Health and Population (MSPP) and the Haitian National
Directorate of Water Supply and Sanitation (DINEPA). The initiative is aligned
with the Cholera Inter-Sector Response Strategic Plan for Haiti, under the
leadership of MSPP and DINEPA.

The grant will also finance the work of nongovernmental organizations (NGOs) to
improve access to clean water, provide basic health services for affected
populations and vulnerable groups, as well as safe sanitation and waste
management in high risk areas.

"Implementation of the National Response Strategy to the cholera outbreak
requires close donor and partner coordination, including all organizations
currently operating on the ground," said Alexandre Abrantes, the World Bank
Special Envoy to Haiti. "The new grant will be used to contract experienced NGOs
for immediate cholera response activities and strengthen the capacity of the
Government to respond to epidemics."

These activities will complement significant hygiene awareness and prevention
efforts already underway, such as the creation of a "Public Health Brigade" to
carry out cholera treatment and prevention work throughout the country.

Through a Global Facility for Disaster Reduction and Recovery grant of
US$200,000, the World Bank is identifying national and international actors
already involved in these tasks, preparing a standardized training plan and
training a core group of 250 trainers. It will also finance an awareness and
prevention campaign.

The Bank has also provided assistance to the Directorate of Civil Protection
since the beginning of the cholera outbreak to coordinate the response of the
Government and its partners. This assistance has supported the setup and manning
of the National Emergency Operation Center and management of the national
campaign "Konbit kont Kolera," which raises awareness on cholera and its
prevention.

According to Haitian official figures, the number of people hospitalized has
reached more than 22,512 and the number of deaths has risen to more than 1,200.
Haiti's humanitarian situation was already precarious due to the January 12,
2010 earthquake that struck the country and left 1.5 million people homeless and
living in camps throughout Port-au-Prince and other cities.

In the aftermath of the January earthquake, the World Bank is providing US$479
million in reconstruction support. Of those, US$320 million have been already
provided for various government-led projects, US$39 million were used to cancel
Haiti's Bank debt and US$49 million from the Bank's private sector arm, the
International Finance Corporation, were used to support Haiti's private
development.

The Bank's response following the earthquake has focused on improving the lot of
those affected while contributing to build the foundations for a long-term
recovery. Emergency projects have included: rebuilding state capacity, clearing
the city's drainage canals to avoid flooding, feeding school children, providing
solar energy to displaced Haitians, assessing housing damage and rebuilding
crucial roads and bridges for the delivery of aid.

The new World Bank grant of US$10 million is being prepared with the Government
of Haiti and United Nations agencies and is expected to be formally submitted to
the Board of Directors of the World Bank for approval in December 2010.
Provisions under World Bank emergency operation procedures allow for up to 40
percent of the grant, once approved, to be used to reimburse eligible
expenditures already incurred as part of the emergency response Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any query with respect
to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              370 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Daily Times (Pryor, Oklahoma)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 9, 2008 Tuesday

Commissioners open RWD 5 bids

BYLINE: Julie Yates, Daily Times, Pryor, Okla.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 573 words


Sep. 9--Mayes County Commissioners opened bids on Rural Water District 5, a
Diamond Head fire truck and a hazard mitigation plan.

RWD 5 is extending their water line to serve the Greer area. The project will
include 10 miles of water line, or 16,000 linear feet.

Sandy Ramsey, who has worked on the project as a volunteer, stated that
approximately 100 taps will be set. Ramsey said a survey revealed 88 homes were
without rural water.

The county received a Community Development Block Grant for the water line
extension in the amount of $250,000. Tami McKeon, of Grand Gateway, said TERO
(Tribal Employment Rights Office) will apply as well as the low bidding.

A Cherokee Nation grant through Indian Health Services for $385,000 is providing
materials and technical

assistance for the project. This is a CN self-help program. Members of the
community may volunteer to do work such as clearing brush, operating equipment
or public relations.

The construction bids were listed as follows:

--L&F Construction of Grove -- $592,330

--LaForge Construction of Parsons, Kan. -- $919,760.

--Bowen Construction of Oklahoma City -- $514,937

--Ira Green of Claremore -- $736,325

--Jerry's Excavation of Hulbert -- $721,975

--Waldren Construction of Claremore -- $543,850

Commissioners tabled the bids. McKeon said she is hoping for official approval
on a bid by next Monday. She hopes the project will be started within 60 days.

McKeon expressed her appreciation for the administrative support provided by the
commissioners, who sponsored the CDBG.

Bids were opened on a hazard mitigation plan for the county.

Mayes County Emergency Management Director Johnny Janzen said the plan will
outline the hazards within Mayes County. To qualify for grants from Federal
Emergency Management Agency, the county must have the plan in place. The plan
includes all schools, towns and rural areas.

Janzen said FEMA will cover 75 percent of the plan's cost. He hopes the
remaining 25 percent will be covered by an in-kind match, which is based on the
time and funds spent by the county to help build the plan.

Janzen is pushing to have the plan in place by June 2009.

Hazardous Mitigation Specialists of Eufaula bid $92,648 to draw up the plan.
R.D. Flanagan & Associates of Tulsa bid $127,786. Brake

& Associates bid $45,000.

All bids were tabled for

consideration.

Commissioners opened bids on a tanker/pumper truck for Diamond Head Fire
Department.

Emergency Vehicle Resources LLC of Claremore submitted three bids. They offered
a 1989 tanker for $80,000. Another bid was $55,000 for a 1988 truck. Their third
bid was $65,000 for a 1991 tanker.

Company Two Fire Apparatus of Varnville, S.C. submitted a bid of $112,000 for a
1990 tanker.

Deep South Fire Trucks bid $116,600 on a 1994 truck.

Diamond Head Fire Chief Frank Kotoff said the bid will be chosen within two
weeks.

District 1 received $11,605 from Cherokee Nation for the Wolf Creek bridge
project. Commissioner Alva Martin

said the state is also funding the project, which will be

completed at no cost to the county.

To see more of the Daily Times or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.pryordailytimes.com. Copyright (c) 2008, Daily Times, Pryor, Okla.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080909-OJ-Commissioners-open-RWD-5-bids-0909

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OJ


                                 Copyright 2008


                              371 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     July 14, 1994, Thursday, Final Edition

Banking on Public Education To Lower the Cost of Floods

William Claiborne, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A21; THE FEDERAL PAGE; INSIDE: FEMA

LENGTH: 841 words


On the first anniversary of the Great Flood of 1993, the Federal Emergency
Management Agency (FEMA) has launched a major public education campaign hoping
to lower the federal tab for the next flood disaster.

It's a battle that FEMA officials say will be tough.

"People always assume it will never happen to them and they manage to find ways
to rationalize not doing anything. This is going to have to be a long-term,
sustained effort," said Richard T. Moore, FEMA's associate director for
mitigation.

Last year's flooding in nine midwestern states -- the worst in U.S. history --
caused $ 12 billion in property and crop damage. The federal government covered
$ 5.4 billion of that, distributing funds through a dozen federal agencies.

But up to 80 percent of those federal flood relief costs could have been saved,
Moore said, if in a "perfect world" the public had been effectively educated and
significantly prepared.

"Clearly it's a cost-efficient endeavor if it's successful. It's important that
we get Congress and the public to understand that," he said.

As new floods continue to ravage parts of southwest Georgia, creating a new toll
in property losses, midwestern communities are still struggling to rebuild homes
and businesses but are doing little to prepare for future flooding, FEMA
Director James Lee Witt said.

"We are here to make sure these people won't be in the same situation again," he
said. "We can't prevent floods, but we can certainly reduce flood losses."

Sometimes flood damage costs can be reduced significantly through purchasing
insurance -- on average, $ 300 a year for $ 87,000 worth of coverage -- or
through modest outlays for floodwall construction. Moving expensive appliances
to higher floors and installing indoor-outdoor carpeting, marine or
exterior-grade plywood and metal doors and windows also helps, FEMA officials
said.

In other cases, homeowners who live in flood plains may have to take more
precautionary measures, including raising their foundations above flood
protection levels or even relocating away from especially flood-prone areas.

"Many people believe they can ride out a flood," Moore said. "But why take the
chance of losing your home or business or, in the most tragic cases, someone you
love?"

He explained that FEMA's public education campaign, called "Flood Safe," will
focus on three areas of risk reduction:

# Flood insurance backed by the National Flood Insurance Program, which paid out
$ 301 million in losses after the midwestern floods. FEMA officials point out
that less than 10 percent of residents in the Midwest flood plain had flood
insurance.

# Preparation for future flooding through simple precautions such as "dry
flood-proofing," which makes all areas below flood level watertight. Or "wet
flood-proofing," which allows flood waters into a building but minimizes damage
by using water-resistant materials.

# Structural measures, such as raising a home so that vulnerable belongings are
above the flood protection level, or relocating from flood plain areas with the
help of federal buyout funds.

More than 6,000 families in midwestern flood areas have already been approved
for relocation to higher ground. As many as 130 communities will participate in
mitigation projects to elevate buildings or move people out of the way of flood
paths, FEMA officials said.

Overall, 135,376 homes in the nine midwestern flood states were inspected by
FEMA to verify losses. More than 76 million acres of prime agricultural land
were affected by the 1993 flood, FEMA said.

FEMA has disbursed nearly $ 375 million in individual and family disaster
assistance grants and another $ 381 million in public assistance grants to help
communities rebuild damaged infrastructure and public facilities.

In addition, the Small Business Administration has approved $ 620 million in
loans to cover property and business losses; the Department of Housing and Urban
Development has distributed $ 500 million in post-flood recovery efforts; and
the Department of Commerce's Economic Development Administration has approved or
is in the process of approving nearly $ 187 million in flood recovery funding.

The biggest outlay in emergency assistance has been by the Agriculture
Department, which has paid out $ 2.8 billion, most of it to farmers whose land
was inundated by the flood waters.

Other federal agencies that have provided relief include: the Department of
Health and Human Services, $ 75 million; the Labor Department, $ 28.9 million;
the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, $ 250 million; the Environmental Protection
Agency, $ 28.7 million; and the U.S. Geological Survey, $ 5 million.

FEMA public affairs director Morrie Goodman said the education campaign has
prompted Flood Awareness Day declarations by the governors of Illinois, Iowa,
Kansas, Minnesota, Missouri, Nebraska, North Dakota, South Dakota and Wisconsin.
It also is being backed by state emergency management agencies in those states,
which in turn have begun organizing local communities.



LOAD-DATE: July 14, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, DAN LAROSE CLEANS BASEMENT IN ST. GENIEVE, MO., AFTER 1993
FLOOD. BILL O'LEARY; SYMBOL

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1994 The Washington Post


                              372 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            June 10, 2015 Wednesday

Washington: WATER RESOURCES RESEARCH AMENDMENTS ACT OF 2015 -- (Senate - June
09, 2015)

LENGTH: 1439  words

DATELINE: Washington


The Library of Congress, The Government of USA has issued the following house
proceeding:

Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to
the immediate consideration of Calendar No. 83, S. 611, and Calendar No. 84, S.
653, en bloc.

The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bills by title en bloc.

The bill clerk read as follows:

A bill (S. 611) to amend the Safe Drinking Water Act to reauthorize technical
assistance to small public water systems, and for other purposes.

A bill (S. 653) to amend the Water Resources Research Act of 1984 to reauthorize
grants for and require applied water supply research regarding the water
resources research and technology institutes established under that Act.

There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bills en bloc.

Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bills be read a
third time and passed and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid
upon the table.

The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.

The bill (S. 611) was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, was read the
third time, and passed, as follows:

S. 611

Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of
America in Congress assembled,

SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE.

This Act may be cited as the ``Grassroots Rural and Small Community Water
Systems Assistance Act''.

SEC. 2. FINDINGS.

Congress finds that--

(1) the Safe Drinking Water Act Amendments of 1996 (Public Law 104-182)
authorized technical assistance for small and rural communities to assist those
communities in complying with regulations promulgated pursuant to the Safe
Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300f et seq.);

(2) technical assistance and compliance training--

(A) ensures that Federal regulations do not overwhelm the resources of small and
rural communities; and

(B) provides small and rural communities lacking technical resources with the
necessary skills to improve and protect water resources;

(3) across the United States, more than 90 percent of the community water
systems serve a population of less than 10,000 individuals;

(4) small and rural communities have the greatest difficulty providing safe,
affordable public drinking water and wastewater services due to limited
economies of scale and lack of technical expertise; and

(5) in addition to being the main source of compliance assistance, small and
rural water technical assistance has been the main source of emergency response
assistance in small and rural communities.

SEC. 3. SENSE OF CONGRESS.

It is the sense of Congress that--

(1) to assist small and rural communities most effectively, the Administrator of
the Environmental Protection Agency should prioritize the types of technical
assistance that are most beneficial to those communities, based on input from
those communities; and

(2) local support is the key to making Federal assistance initiatives work in
small and rural communities to the maximum benefit.

SEC. 4. FUNDING PRIORITIES.

Section 1442(e) of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j-1(e)) is
amended--

(1) by designating the first through seventh sentences as paragraphs (1) through
(7), respectively;

(2) in paragraph (5) (as so designated), by striking ``1997 through 2003'' and
inserting ``2015 through 2020''; and

(3) by adding at the end the following:

``(8) NONPROFIT ORGANIZATIONS.--

``(A) IN GENERAL.--The Administrator may use amounts made available to carry out
this section to provide grants or cooperative agreements to nonprofit
organizations that provide to small public water systems onsite technical
assistance, circuit-rider technical assistance programs, multistate, regional
technical assistance programs, onsite and regional training, assistance with
implementing source water protection plans, and assistance with implementing
monitoring plans, rules, regulations, and water security enhancements.

``(B) PREFERENCE.--To ensure that technical assistance funding is used in a
manner that is most beneficial to the small and rural communities of a State,
the Administrator shall give preference under this paragraph to nonprofit
organizations that, as determined by the Administrator, are the most qualified
and experienced in providing training and technical assistance to small public
water systems and that the small community water systems in that State find to
be the most beneficial and effective.

``(C) LIMITATION.--No grant or cooperative agreement provided or otherwise made
available under this section may be used for litigation pursuant to section
1449.''.

The bill (S. 653) was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, was read the
third time, and passed, as follows:

S. 653

Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of
America in Congress assembled,

SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE.

This Act may be cited as the ``Water Resources Research Amendments Act of
2015''.

SEC. 2. WATER RESOURCES RESEARCH ACT AMENDMENTS.

(a) Congressional Findings and Declarations.--Section 102 of the Water Resources
Research Act of 1984 (42 U.S.C. 10301) is amended--

(1) by redesignating paragraphs (7) through (9) as paragraphs (8) through (10),
respectively;

(2) in paragraph (8) (as so redesignated), by striking ``and'' at the end; and

(3) by inserting after paragraph (6) the following:

``(7) additional research is required into increasing the effectiveness and
efficiency of new and existing treatment works through alternative approaches,
including--

``(A) nonstructural alternatives;

``(B) decentralized approaches;

``(C) energy use efficiency;

``(D) water use efficiency; and

``(E) actions to extract energy from wastewater;''.

(b) Clarification of Research Activities.--Section 104(b)(1) of the Water
Resources Research Act of 1984 (42 U.S.C. 10303(b)(1)) is amended--

(1) in subparagraph (B)(ii), by striking ``water-related phenomena'' and
inserting ``water resources''; and

(2) in subparagraph (D), by striking the period at the end and inserting ``;
and''.

(c) Compliance Report.--Section 104(c) of the Water Resources Research Act of
1984 (42 U.S.C. 10303(c)) is amended--

(1) by striking ``(c) From the'' and inserting the following:

``(c) Grants.--

``(1) IN GENERAL.--From the''; and

(2) by adding at the end the following:

``(2) REPORT.--Not later than December 31 of each fiscal year, the Secretary
shall submit to the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate, the
Committee on the Budget of the Senate, the Committee on Transportation and
Infrastructure of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on the Budget
of the House of Representatives a report regarding the compliance of each
funding recipient with this subsection for the immediately preceding fiscal
year.''.

(d) Evaluation of Water Resources Research Program.--Section 104 of the Water
Resources Research Act of 1984 (42 U.S.C. 10303) is amended by striking
subsection (e) and inserting the following:

``(e) Evaluation of Water Resources Research Program.--

``(1) IN GENERAL.--The Secretary shall conduct a careful and detailed evaluation
of each institute at least once every 3 years to determine--

``(A) the quality and relevance of the water resources research of the
institute;

``(B) the effectiveness of the institute at producing measured results and
applied water supply research; and

``(C) whether the effectiveness of the institute as an institution for planning,
conducting, and arranging for research warrants continued support under this
section.

``(2) PROHIBITION ON FURTHER SUPPORT.--If, as a result of an evaluation under
paragraph (1), the Secretary determines that an institute does not qualify for
further support under this section, no further grants to the institute may be
provided until the qualifications of the institute are reestablished to the
satisfaction of the Secretary.''.

(e) Authorization of Appropriations.--Section 104(f)(1) of the Water Resources
Research Act of 1984 (42 U.S.C. 10303(f)(1)) is amended by striking
``$12,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2007 through 2011'' and inserting
``$7,500,000 for each of fiscal years 2015 through 2020''.

(f) Additional Appropriations Where Research Focused on Water Problems of
Interstate Nature.--Section 104(g)(1) of the Water Resources Research Act of
1984 (42 U.S.C. 10303(g)(1)) is amended in the first sentence by striking
``$6,000,000 for each of fiscal

[Page: S3976] GPO's PDF

years 2007 through 2011'' and inserting ``$1,500,000 for each of fiscal years
2015 through 2020''.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              373 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      St. George & Sutherland Shire Leader

                               December 17, 2015

Kurnell Public School closed: Staff praise 'brilliant' emergency services

BYLINE: Eva Kolimar

SECTION: COMMUNITY

LENGTH: 341  words


Kurnell Public School is closed today after yesterday's storm whipped through
the suburb.

Pupils and teachers were evacuated to Cronulla High School after their primary
school lost all power.

Children were kept in classrooms until the severe winds passed.

Staff kept parents informed on the school's Facebook page, updating the school
community on pupils' safety.

''Staff at all times ensured that our students were safe and cared for,'' the
school posted.

''Emergency services were just brilliant and kept an eye on us all day.''

Staff also offered assistance to parents in the wake of the storm.

''During the school holidays students and their families may continue to be
affected by the events and need ongoing support,'' it posted.

Kellie Checkley of Project Youth said she was waiting to hear if Kurnell Youth
Centre on Captain Cook Drive was damaged.

The centre, which provides assistance to young people, and organises events and
school holiday activities for teenagers, recently received a $10,000 grant to
keep the service going.

''We believe it's still standing, but we don't know if there is any major
damage,'' she said.

''It would be distastrous, especially with the recent fund-raising efforts.''

The small tight-knit community is rallying together, offering help to residents
who were affected by the winds that reached more than 200km/hr.

''All the generosity the area has been showed ' people offering child and pet
minding, a place to stay, businesses offering free assistance and donating water
and food for the State Emergency Service and Rural Fire Service,'' Ashleigh
Heard said on the Leader's Facebook page.

Kurnell business owner Aidan Green of Inspire Cowork said he wanted to give back
to the community by offering free office space.

''We are opening our doors to those affected,'' he said.

''Sutherland Shire hasn't seen a tragedy like this, and with small business
being the backbone of the economy here we wanted to do our bit to help keep it
moving.

''It can be used until the end of January to help [people[ get back on their
feet.''

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2015 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              374 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         Caloundra Weekly (Queensland)

                                January 29, 2015

Grant funds SES gear

SECTION: Pg. 3

LENGTH: 337  words



HIGHLIGHT: Stockland gift helps volunteers


IN THE event of an emergency, every second counts.

With the state currently in the grip of storm season, torrential rain and
gale-force winds could cause devastation in minutes.

The role the Caloundra State Emergency Service plays in helping the community is
crucial.

To better equip the team with the resources they need, the Caloundra SES has
received a $1000 Stockland Community Grant, given on behalf of Stockland's Bells
Reach community, which will be used to buy more gear.

Caloundra SES deputy group leader Brendan Casement said the money would be put
towards new battery-operated gear and a multi-functional ladder.

"It will allow us to do our job quicker and more efficiently," Mr Casement said.

The Caloundra SES covers the area from Currimundi to Pelican Waters and out to
Mooloolah, and the volunteers are mainly called to assist with storm damage,
land searches or helping police with forensic services.

While the group does receive some assistance from local and state governments,
any additional costs are up to the group to fund.

"We have one to two Bunnings barbecues a year to raise money, and the profit
from that goes back to the SES to allow us to buy more gear," Mr Casement said.

"Training materials like laptops we have to fund ourselves.

"At the moment, we're trying to raise funds to upgrade to a new trailer ... we
need to raise about $13,000."

The Caloundra team is made up of about 35 members, aged between 16 and 70 years
old, who volunteer their time to help others.

Mr Casement said the number of call-outs varied, but when a storm hit, they
could get up to 200 calls for assistance at one time.

"Sometimes it can be hard to get a team together or we have minimal people
available with the right qualifications for the job," he said.

"We're always trying to boost numbers and look for additional volunteers to join
up."

Volunteers need no prior experience, with training and courses provided by the
SES.

To find out more or help support the Caloundra SES, phone local controller Janet
Scott on 0418708885.

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SLW


                    Copyright 2015 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              375 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      The News-Herald of Willoughby, Ohio

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            August 20, 2015 Thursday

Kirtland among fire departments to receive federal grants

BYLINE: The News-Herald, Willoughby, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 263 words


Aug. 20--The Kirtland Fire Department will be able to properly wash its turnout
gear thanks to a newly received federal grant.

On Aug. 20 U.S. Sen. Sherrod Brown, D-Ohio, announced that seven Northeast Ohio
fire departments received money through the U.S. Department of Homeland
Security's Federal Emergency Management Agency Assistance to Firefighter Grants.

Kirtland received $11,191 and Richmond Heights received $67,620. Other
departments receiving grants include Parma, Brunswick, Hinckley and Stow.

Kirtland Fire Chief Anthony Hutton said the grant will allow the department to
buy a turnout gear washer-extractor, which is a washing machine specially
designed to clean fire-fighting gear.

Currently if the department's gear gets to a point that it cannot be washed in a
normal machine, it has to be taken to a neighboring department, Hutton said.

The grant money will also be used to purchase five Mustang cold water rescue
suits, the chief said.

Hutton added that he hopes the washer-extractor will be installed by the end of
the year.

Assistance to Firefighter Grants have been awarded annually since 2001 to help
emergency responders get necessary equipment, vehicles and training.

"Firefighters and first responders keep our communities safe in times of
crisis," Brown said. "These new federal resources will help ensure that
northeast Ohio's skilled responders have the updated resources they need to
safely do their jobs."

___ (c)2015 The News-Herald (Willoughby, Ohio) Visit The News-Herald
(Willoughby, Ohio) at www.news-herald.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC.

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150820-WL-Kirtland-among-fire-departments-to-receive-federal-grants
-20150820

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WL


               Copyright 2015 The News-Herald of Willoughby, Ohio


                              376 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Brisbane City News (Australia)

                           January 13, 2011 Thursday
                                  1 - Edition

Floods rock boat home

BYLINE: LUKE ROYES<br/>royesl@qst.newsltd.com.au

SECTION: Pg. 5

LENGTH: 446  words


BOATIE Graham Jewiss lives at the mercy of the Brisbane River.

And the 57-year-old who has called a boat on the water home since 1999 admits he
is nervous about the approaching surges.

Not one to normally be anxious, he said he fears the repeat of the consequences
of a flood from a few years ago, in which he lost everything when a piece of
debris in the torrent ruptured the hull.

``It was about 10.30 at night and I was asleep, when I heard crack then a
massive noise,'' he said.

``The noise was the water filling up the boat, it was just coming in.

``I jumped out of bed and stood up and before I knew it there was water up to my
throat and my head was in an air pocket.

Mr Jewliss, a cleaner, said he had lengthened the docking ropes and would stay
on his vessel through the high tides expected over coming days, because of its
protected location.

``I'm so nervous because I've lost it all before.I don't want to go through it
again, I got depressed and suicidal last time,'' he said.

Wade Bland's father, Garry, lives on a boat and on Monday they were fearful and
confused about how they should prepare.

No warnings were issued by the Harbour Master's Office or Queensland Police to
those living on the Brisbane River until lunchtime last Tuesday.

``It was a really tough call, we didn't know whether we should stay here or head
out to the ocean,'' Mr Bland said.

At about 1pm, advised members of the community with vessels moored on the
Brisbane River were urged to evacuate and 80 berths were available at the
Moreton Bay Boat Club off Scarborough, free of charge.

Boaties were also provided shower, toilets facilities and shelter.

Share your story at www.city-news.com.au

NEED TO KNOW

SNAPSHOT

Sandbags are available at:

- Darra works depot, Shamrock Rd, Rocklea

- Morningside works depot, Redfern Street, Morningside

- Newmarket SES Depot, Wilston Rd, Newmarket (in carpark off Erneton Street)

- Zillmere Works Depot, Jennings Street, Zillmere

Emergency phone numbers:

SES - 132 500

Community Recovery Line - 1800 173 349.

Emergency Assistance Hotline - 180 22 66.

Primary producers assistance - 132 523.

24 hour insurance hotline - 1300 728 228.

Residents may dispose of greenwaste for free at Council's waste facilities.

Websites:

Bureau of Meteorology - www.bom.gov.au/qld

Personal hardship grants - www.community services.qld.gov.au/community/community
-recovery/support-assistance/support-assistance.html

Information on fire permits to burn greenwaste - www.ruralfire.qld. gov.au.

BCC Flood Maps:

http://www.brisbane. qld.gov.au/#maps

The BCC site is currently unavailable, but a backup of their flood maps exists
on another website. BCC Flood Maps backup copies -
http://lexiphanic.com/floodmaps/

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: CTN


                   Copyright 2011 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              377 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 10, 2014 Wednesday

Indiana: January Snowstorm Grants Surpass $4.6 Million; Additional Assistance
Anticipated

LENGTH: 477  words

DATELINE: Indianapolis


Office of Governor, The State of Indiana has issued the following news release:

Governor Mike Pence announced today that more than $4.6 million in total federal
grants has been paid so far to help local communities and the state recover from
the January 5-9 winter storm.

Local, county and state government and other organizations that provide public
services will receive the funds.

"More than $4.6 million in disaster grants is positive news that will help to
bring relief across the state," said Governor Pence. "Like many states, almost a
year ago Indiana started 2014 with a severe winter storm. While that storm is
for many a distant memory, we at the state continue to work through this
demanding process to make the most of the disaster funding opportunities
available to communities in those 30 counties."

Counties that have received reimbursements so far are: Allen, Blackford, Boone,
Clay, Clinton, Fulton, Hamilton, Hendricks, Huntington, Jasper, Johnson,
Kosciusko, LaGrange, Lake, Madison, Marion, Montgomery, Morgan, Newton, Noble,
Owen, Parke, Putnam, Sullivan, Tipton, Vigo, Wabash, White and Whitley.

The Indiana Department of Homeland Security (IDHS) and the Federal Emergency
Management Agency (FEMA) have been working with applicants in eligible counties
to document and distribute the funds. To date, $4,678,144.81 has been processed
for reimbursement to applicants in the eligible counties.  More money will be
distributed as applications are processed.

In all, 30 counties were granted federal public assistance and/or snow
assistance.

Public Assistance will pay 75 percent of eligible expenses for damage to roads,
bridges, utilities, debris removal, buildings' contents and equipment, water
control facilities, parks and recreational facilities, and others, as well as
emergency protective measures like traffic control and rescue operations. Snow
Assistance will cover all eligible costs associated with snow removal for the
48-hour or 72-hour period with the highest costs.

Counties granted public assistance include: Allen, Blackford, Boone, Clay,
Clinton, Fulton, Hamilton, Hendricks, Huntington, Jasper, Johnson, Kosciusko,
LaGrange, Lake, Madison, Marion, Montgomery, Morgan, Newton, Noble**, Owen*,
Parke, Putnam, Sullivan, Tipton, Vanderburgh*, Vigo, Wabash, White and
Whitley**.

All counties in the previous list except Owen and Vanderburgh (designated by an
asterisk) are receiving at least 48 hours of snow assistance. Noble and Whitley
counties (designated by two asterisks) are being provided with 72 hours of snow
assistance, because they exceeded 150 percent of their record snowfall. Snow
Assistance grants cover all eligible costs associated with snow removal for the
48-hour or 72-hour period with the highest costs.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              378 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               India Energy News

                    December 16, 2015 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Green Energy Corp Chosen as Part of Oregon Dept of Energy's

LENGTH: 440  words


Dec. 16 -- The Oregon Department of Energy will award $295,000 in state and
federal funds to the Eugene Water & Electric Board for a pilot project that
demonstrates energy storage and "microgrid" technology and how it can improve
community resiliency and response in emergency situations.EWEB, Oregon's largest
consumer-owned utility, developed the Grid Edge Demonstration project to show
how a consumer-owned utility can help increase community resiliency by providing
electricity resources when transmission lines and power facilities are down. In
disasters such as earthquakes or floods, diverse renewable power supplies can
help provide critical services during response and recovery. EWEB's two-year
demonstration project will test local stand-alone electric power, or "microgrid"
technology, as well as renewable energy-based storage options, which offer an
added benefit of reduced emissions compared to traditional back-up diesel
generators.

"After a disaster, Oregonians will need reliable access to electricity, potable
water, and emergency communications," said Will Price, EWEB Energy Resource
Analyst. "Our demonstration project will test and measure support for three
types of community infrastructure, with energy storage for a water and
electricity emergency operations hub, a water pump station, and a multi-agency
communications site."

The grant is made possible by a joint solicitation from the U.S. Department of
Energy's Office of Electricity Delivery and Energy Reliability, which committed
$250,000 in federal funds to the project, and the State of Oregon. ODOE is
partnering with Oregon BEST to award an additional $45,000 grant to EWEB and its
development partners, Powin Energy and Green Energy Corp. Sandia National
Laboratories will provide technical assistance to ensure strong project
performance, with support from the Clean Energy States Alliance. "We have a very
good team," said U.S. DOE Program Manager Dr. Imre Gyuk. "The long-term benefits
for Oregon, and indeed the entire industry, are outstanding."

EWEB's proposal achieves all five of ODOE's priorities for the project,
including service reliability and resiliency, and an emphasis on renewable
energy integration, high-quality power, grid regulation, and energy demand
management.

"ODOE is proud to support EWEB's demonstration project, which will help us
understand more about the variety of grid benefits from energy storage and make
utilities more resilient in an emergency," said Mike Kaplan, ODOE Director.
"We're also pleased with the world-class expertise U.S. DOE and Sandia National
Laboratories will bring to our state."

Source: Green Energy Corp

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2015 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              379 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         The Perkins Journal (Oklahoma)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               September 27, 2012

Perkins Awarded State Grant To Develop Additional Water Well

BYLINE: The Perkins Journal staff

LENGTH: 588  words


The City of Perkins whose water wells cannot keep up with demand despite pumping
almost continuously was awarded a state grant Tuesday to develop a new well. The
Oklahoma Water Resources Board approved a $60,186 drought grant for the Perkins
Public Works Authority, announced J.D. Strong, executive director of the state
agency. The grant is to be matched with an identical amount in local funds,
Strong said.

Pete Seikel, City Manager, attended the board meeting here Tuesday in support of
the grant application.

Perkins is in an area that has been classified as suffering from "exceptional"
drought conditions. This poses "a serious and possibly dangerous situation" to
the town's water supply, Rick Schlegel of Cardinal Engineering wrote recently.

Because of the drought, water consumption has increased to the point that the
city's six small wells have been pumping nearly non-stop, Schlegel reported.
Average demand is approximately 300,000 gallons per day, ledgers show.

Although the wells have been operating around-the-clock, demand has remained so
high that the water storage volume has dropped, and so has water pressure in the
system, Schlegel wrote. Consequently, he warned, if any of the wells fails, or
if a major fire erupts, the Payne County community of about 2,500 residents will
be faced with "an inadequate or nonfunctional water supply."

Perkins has approximately 225,000 gallons of water in storage, which is 75,000
gallons less than average daily demand, Schlegel noted.

Rehabilitating the existing wells, which are old and inefficient, could increase
production "and provide service for future years," but is not a viable option,
Schlegel advised. The system is incapable of meeting Perkins's daily demands if
any of the wells is out of service, he explained.

City officials opted to develop a high-volume well within the city limits; it
would serve as the town's principal water source and the existing wells would
provide back-up or be alternated into the water supply.

The new well, Schlegel pointed out, would provide additional water supply,
enough to meet average daily requirements and peak demands alike, and permit
firefighters to battle fires. It also would allow the city to perform repairs on
the existing wells "without depriving its citizens of supply or pressure," he
added. Another reason an additional well is needed, he said, is because "storage
is small and no increase in storage capacity is planned."

The proposed new well still must be designed, and a construction permit from the
state Department of Environmental Quality is required, Schlegel wrote.

An estimate prepared by Cardinal Engineering placed the cost of developing a new
water well at $120,373. The drought grant from the Water Board will underwrite
half of that expense.

Joe Freeman, chief of the Water Board's Financial Assistance Division,
calculated that Perkins residents will realize more than $108,000 in principal
and interest savings from the grant, by not having to borrow that money.

Gov. Mary Fallin declared a "State of Emergency Due to Drought" on July 30, and
the Water Board responded by making $300,000 available to help finance community
drought relief projects, Strong related.

Since 1983, the Oklahoma Water Resources Board has extended more than $2.6
billion in loans and grants to improve and enhance the water and wastewater
infrastructure needs of communities throughout Oklahoma. "We thank state Sen.
James Halligan and state Rep. Lee Denney for their support of our financial
assistance programs," Strong said.

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Accomplishment

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PKJ

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2012 The Perkins Journal


                              380 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Ararat Advertiser & Stawell Times

                              July 3, 2012 Tuesday

JOEL JOEL - Deputy Premier Peter Ryan is pushing for

BYLINE: JODIE HOLWELL

SECTION: PAGE TWO; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 359 words


JOEL JOEL - Deputy Premier Peter Ryan is pushing for national disaster
assistance reform, in the wake of the decision by the Federal Government to
reject an application on behalf of farmers in the Joel Joel area.

Mr Ryan said under the reforms presented at a national emergency management
meeting convened in Melbourne last Friday, farmers and businesses would get
fairer and more transparent disaster assistance.

The Police and Emergency Services Minister was vocal about the Federal
Government's rejection of funding assistance to farmers in Joel Joel.

The State Government had approved the application for funding under the National
Disaster Relief and Recovery Arrangements, which would have provided farmers
with grants up to $25,000 to assist with their recovery from the December
floods.

At least 100 farms, 64 homes and 16 community assets in the upper Wimmera
catchment area, which covers parts of Northern Grampians and Pyrenees shires,
were affected on December 18 when around 125mm of rain fell in just two hours.

The impact of the event was greater than the January 2011 floods with the rapid
water rise far more devastating.

Council records show that up to 415 properties in the Shire have been affected
by floods more than once since the first major flood in September 2010.

It is estimated farmers are facing damage bills in excess of $100,000, the
majority of which was damage to fences which totalled $2.8 million.

Despite the damage and the support from the State Government, Prime Minister
Julia Gillard announced last week that the grants had not been approved. The
government stated that the December 18 flood 'does not satisfy the thresholds
for Category C support'. That was the only correspondence received by the
Northern Grampians Shire Council.

Mr Ryan said he was not making a formal submission on the issue to the Standing
Council of Police and Emergency Management (SCPEM).

"The current National Disaster Relief and Recovery Arrangements (NDRRA)
arrangements don't work which means the Coalition Government can't give
communities a straight answer about when, where and why $25,000 clean-up grants
are activated or not," Mr Ryan said.

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2012 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              381 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Ararat Advertiser & Stawell Times

                              July 3, 2012 Tuesday

JOEL JOEL - Deputy Premier Peter Ryan is pushing for

BYLINE: JODIE HOLWELL

SECTION: PAGE TWO; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 359 words


JOEL JOEL - Deputy Premier Peter Ryan is pushing for national disaster
assistance reform, in the wake of the decision by the Federal Government to
reject an application on behalf of farmers in the Joel Joel area.

Mr Ryan said under the reforms presented at a national emergency management
meeting convened in Melbourne last Friday, farmers and businesses would get
fairer and more transparent disaster assistance.

The Police and Emergency Services Minister was vocal about the Federal
Government's rejection of funding assistance to farmers in Joel Joel.

The State Government had approved the application for funding under the National
Disaster Relief and Recovery Arrangements, which would have provided farmers
with grants up to $25,000 to assist with their recovery from the December
floods.

At least 100 farms, 64 homes and 16 community assets in the upper Wimmera
catchment area, which covers parts of Northern Grampians and Pyrenees shires,
were affected on December 18 when around 125mm of rain fell in just two hours.

The impact of the event was greater than the January 2011 floods with the rapid
water rise far more devastating.

Council records show that up to 415 properties in the Shire have been affected
by floods more than once since the first major flood in September 2010.

It is estimated farmers are facing damage bills in excess of $100,000, the
majority of which was damage to fences which totalled $2.8 million.

Despite the damage and the support from the State Government, Prime Minister
Julia Gillard announced last week that the grants had not been approved. The
government stated that the December 18 flood 'does not satisfy the thresholds
for Category C support'. That was the only correspondence received by the
Northern Grampians Shire Council.

Mr Ryan said he was not making a formal submission on the issue to the Standing
Council of Police and Emergency Management (SCPEM).

"The current National Disaster Relief and Recovery Arrangements (NDRRA)
arrangements don't work which means the Coalition Government can't give
communities a straight answer about when, where and why $25,000 clean-up grants
are activated or not," Mr Ryan said.

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2012 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              382 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 14, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: More Flood Recovery Resources on the Way for Louisiana

LENGTH: 535  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Garret Graves has issued the following news
release:





 Congressman Garret Graves (R-Baton Rouge) made the following statement about
the $4.1 billion for Louisiana flood and other disaster recovery efforts that is
part of a federal government funding bill expected to pass in the U.S. House of
Representatives on Thursday and in the Senate on Friday:





 "It is clear that the government's recovery efforts to date are wholly
insufficient to allow for a full recovery.  Thousands and thousands of flood
victims are facing impossible financial decisions in the aftermath of this
1000-year flood, but this funding, combined with the $438 million provided in
September will help flood victims get back on their feet," said Graves. "This
money needs to get to flood victims quickly - we cannot allow the slow,
bureaucratic processes that have defined the federal response so far continue to
re-victimize people."



 Graves has been critical of how funding has been disbursed and has worked
closely with state and federal officials to reduce administrative and
programmatic costs.



 "These funds must instead be used to provide badly-needed assistance to flood
victims - not fund excessive bureaucracy, administrative costs or environmental
assessments.  These resources must also be used to help provide assistance to
all of those in need - not discriminate based upon income, race, neighborhood or
other irrelevant criteria.



 It's important to remember that the flood waters did not impact people along
lines of race, ethnicity or socioeconomics - it inundated all its victims. We
have to ensure recovery investments are made objectively, with the full scope of
needs in view. We're looking forward to working with the incoming Trump
Administration to ensure that these funds are used in a manner that lifts our
entire community of flooded homes and businesses."



 The bill provides funding to respond to damages in Louisiana and several other
States caused by recent natural disasters, including Hurricane Matthew, floods,
drought, and other severe weather events. Funding is divided in the following
way.



 Department of Agriculture Programs (AG) - $103.1 million for the Emergency
Watershed Protection Program and $103 million for the Emergency Conservation
Program.



 National Aeronautics and Space Administration Facilities (CJS) - $74.7 million
for construction and restoration costs to repair hurricane damaged facilities.



 Corps of Engineers Construction (EW) - $54.8 million for Construction.



 Corps of Engineers Mississippi River and Tributaries (EW) - $290.7 million for
Mississippi River and Tributaries.



 Corps of Engineers Operation and Maintenance (EW) - $259.6 million for
Operation and Maintenance.



 Corps of Engineers Flood Control and Coastal Emergencies (EW) - $419.9 million
for Flood Control and Coastal Emergencies.



 Federal Highway Administration Emergency Relief Program (THUD) - $1,004 million
for the Emergency Relief Program.



 Community Development Block Grant Program (THUD) - $1,809 million for the
Community Development Block Grant Program.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:  editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              383 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 14, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: More Flood Recovery Resources on the Way for Louisiana

LENGTH: 535  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Garret Graves has issued the following news
release:





 Congressman Garret Graves (R-Baton Rouge) made the following statement about
the $4.1 billion for Louisiana flood and other disaster recovery efforts that is
part of a federal government funding bill expected to pass in the U.S. House of
Representatives on Thursday and in the Senate on Friday:





 "It is clear that the government's recovery efforts to date are wholly
insufficient to allow for a full recovery.  Thousands and thousands of flood
victims are facing impossible financial decisions in the aftermath of this
1000-year flood, but this funding, combined with the $438 million provided in
September will help flood victims get back on their feet," said Graves. "This
money needs to get to flood victims quickly - we cannot allow the slow,
bureaucratic processes that have defined the federal response so far continue to
re-victimize people."



 Graves has been critical of how funding has been disbursed and has worked
closely with state and federal officials to reduce administrative and
programmatic costs.



 "These funds must instead be used to provide badly-needed assistance to flood
victims - not fund excessive bureaucracy, administrative costs or environmental
assessments.  These resources must also be used to help provide assistance to
all of those in need - not discriminate based upon income, race, neighborhood or
other irrelevant criteria.



 It's important to remember that the flood waters did not impact people along
lines of race, ethnicity or socioeconomics - it inundated all its victims. We
have to ensure recovery investments are made objectively, with the full scope of
needs in view. We're looking forward to working with the incoming Trump
Administration to ensure that these funds are used in a manner that lifts our
entire community of flooded homes and businesses."



 The bill provides funding to respond to damages in Louisiana and several other
States caused by recent natural disasters, including Hurricane Matthew, floods,
drought, and other severe weather events. Funding is divided in the following
way.



 Department of Agriculture Programs (AG) - $103.1 million for the Emergency
Watershed Protection Program and $103 million for the Emergency Conservation
Program.



 National Aeronautics and Space Administration Facilities (CJS) - $74.7 million
for construction and restoration costs to repair hurricane damaged facilities.



 Corps of Engineers Construction (EW) - $54.8 million for Construction.



 Corps of Engineers Mississippi River and Tributaries (EW) - $290.7 million for
Mississippi River and Tributaries.



 Corps of Engineers Operation and Maintenance (EW) - $259.6 million for
Operation and Maintenance.



 Corps of Engineers Flood Control and Coastal Emergencies (EW) - $419.9 million
for Flood Control and Coastal Emergencies.



 Federal Highway Administration Emergency Relief Program (THUD) - $1,004 million
for the Emergency Relief Program.



 Community Development Block Grant Program (THUD) - $1,809 million for the
Community Development Block Grant Program.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:  editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              384 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Donnybrook Bridgetown Mail

                                October 20, 2010

Drought aid urgently needed -- councils

SECTION: NEWS - GENERAL

LENGTH: 271  words


WA RURAL communities  require urgent support and assistance as they face some of
the worst drought conditions ever experienced, WA Local Government Association
president, Mayor Troy Pickard said last week.

With low winter rainfalls for years, and near-record low falls this winter, many
communities are facing financial ruin, he said.  The dire circumstances for many
farming communities required immediate action.

Through the Dry Season Advisory Committee, WALGA was calling on the state
government to issue a "declaration of water deficienc" for those regions in
severe drought and provide urgent assistance to redress the financial, social
and psychological impacts upon communities in these areas.

"The federal government has recognised increasing drought impacts on many
communities and is trialling drought reform measures over the upcoming year, but
this may be too late for many in our state," Mr Pickard said.

"These WA communities require immediate assistance to save, or in some cases,
exit their farms.

"The ongoing psychological impact of this pressure needs to also be addressed to
ensure the health and well-being of our farmers into the future."

Mr Pickard said WALGA would ask the Water Minister to issue a "declaration of
water deficiency" for those regions   in severe drought; and facilitate the
placement of large water tanks at standpipes and emergency cartage of water to
WALGA is also pursuing the reinstatement of the Dry Season Assistance Scheme's
Community and Social Support Services Grants to provide funds for activities to
maintain community spirit and stimulate local activity through difficult times.

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2010 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              385 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Pueblo Chieftain (Colorado)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 22, 2014 Wednesday

United Way doles out nearly $1M

BYLINE: Gayle Perez, The Pueblo Chieftain, Colo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 410 words


Oct. 22--The Pueblo County United Way board recently approved nearly $1 million
in funding to more than 50 local nonprofit programs.

The board of trustees approved $911,000 in funding through five different funds.
The funding allocations approved are: $463,625 in member allocations, $100,363
in nonmember agencies and Colorado combined agency designations, $114,780 in
special funding, $23,500 in community impact grants and $16,000 in El Pomar
Foundation community problem-solving grants.

United Way also administered $110,000 in assistance through the Pueblo Board of
Water Works and City of Cares program to aid individuals with their water bills,
$1,000 through the electrical repair program and $82,000 in a federal emergency
food and shelter program.

Those receiving funds through the member agency allocation are American Red
Cross for disaster services, volunteer recruitment and training; Rocky Mountain
Council, Boy Scouts of America for the Learning for Life and Scoutreach
programs; Boys and Girls Clubs for Sprague, East Side and Avondale centers;
Catholic Charities for the home stability program; East Side Child Care Center
for quality day care on a sliding fee scale; Girl Scouts of Colorado for
scouting in Pueblo County.

Also, Pueblo Child Advocacy Center for child abuse prevention; Pueblo
Cooperative Care Center for the food sack program and medical prescriptions;
Pueblo Community Health Center for the dental program; Pueblo Suicide Prevention
Center for the core crisis program and community counseling; Salvation Army for
the daily meal program, food pantry and warming shelter; Southside Children's
Center for quality day care on sliding fee scale; SRDA for helping elders live
program; YWCA for family crisis shelter, Teresa's Place, domestic violence and
youth violence prevention.

The special funding agencies were Friendly Harbor Drop In Center, the Hearing
Project, Mental Health of America, Pueblo Cooperative Care Center, Salvation
Army, United Way middle school mentoring program and the Volunteer Income Tax
Assistance program.

The community impact grants are being awarded to the Care and Share Food Bank,
Salvation Army and the Soaring Eagles Center for Autism.

Those agencies receiving El Pomar grants are Catholic Charities, Cooperative
Care, Posada and

YWCA.

gperez@chieftain.com

___ (c)2014 The Pueblo Chieftain (Pueblo, Colo.) Visit The Pueblo Chieftain
(Pueblo, Colo.) at www.chieftain.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20141022-PB-United-Way-doles-out-nearly-1M-1022-20141022

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PB


                      Copyright 2014 The Pueblo Chieftain


                              386 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                            February 7, 2011 Monday
                                 First Edition

Leave home earlier or later, commuters urged

BYLINE: RICHARD WILLINGHAM, MATHEW MURPHY and REID SEXTON

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 825 words


VICTORIANS are being urged to be patient and prepare for long delays when they
return to work and school today, with authorities warning flood-damaged and
closed roads could make this morning's commute difficult. Police, SES and
VicRoads have asked drivers to consider leaving earlier or much later than usual
this morning to help mitigate delays caused by road closures. The impact of road
closures will be increased with tens of thousands of students returning to
school. About 350 roads across the state, including many in Melbourne's outer
south-east and a part of the Murray Valley Highway near Kerang, remained closed
last night.

VicRoads could not say when the flood-affected roads would re-open but said
people should check its website for the latest information. VicRoads spokesman
Dean Zabrieszach warned of longer delays on the road today and urged people in
affected areas to stagger the time they start their journeys in order to
minimise congestion. Metro trains and V/Line will both run services as normal in
the morning after the badly disrupted Sandringham line was re-opened yesterday
at 4.30pm and repairs to 10 damaged trains were finally completed. The storms
have damaged more than 100 schools, and nine government schools will be closed
today. SES state commander Tim Wiebusch said the hardest-hit areas were
Pakenham, Narre Warren and Irymple near Mildura, where a storm water drain had
collapsed forcing an evacuation warning. Rochester was again on flood watch last
night, although the flood peak was much lower than the January floods that
inundated the town. Mr Wiebusch said the caravan park and nearby roads were the
most under threat. Deputy Police Commissioner Kieran Walshe said 118 people had
been rescued from flood waters over the weekend. He said police were becoming
more concerned and frustrated by people ignoring warnings by playing and driving
in floods. The state government yesterday said getting Victorians back to work
and school in flood-affected areas was a priority, with a swathe of grants and
relief measures announced for schools, apprentices and families struggling with
floods. The relief package includes: "Grants of up to $1000 for a student to
cover the costs of books and uniforms damaged by floods, to be arranged through
the school's principal. "Special supplies of drinking water and sanitary
supplies for schools and children's centres where water supplies have been
compromised. "Grants of up to $10,000 for early childhood centres for clean-up
costs and repairs to outdoor play areas. "$10,000 for maternal and child health
nurses to provide families with safe nursery equipment. "Information packs for
parents and teachers on how to handle traumatised children. "$500,000 to support
rapid training to allow more people to quickly perform reconstruction and
recovery tasks such as fencing, road building and signage in flood-affected
communities. "Providing resources and support to families during this time is an
essential part of the ongoing, long-term recovery process for school and early
childhood communities," Children and Early Childhood Development Minister Wendy
Lovell said. The state's peak employers body will partner with the Baillieu
government to establish a fund for businesses swamped by the state's floods as
the group joined analysts and insurers in predicting that the recent spate of
natural disasters would spark significant rises in insurance premiums. The
Victorian Employers Chamber of Commerce and Industry told The Age it was working
on a funding package similar to its bushfires assistance program following the
weekend deluge across most parts of the state. "VECCI is working with the
(Baillieu) government to provide assistance for those businesses that have
experienced a loss of customers or business or have been indirectly affected by
recent flooding," spokesman Chris James said. "During the bushfires VECCI was
able to provide $4000 to 200 businesses on the back of donations." Mr James said
it was too early to reveal how much would be offered to those Victorian
businesses affected or which areas would be covered. The government is expected
to extend the $15,000 flood clean-up grants for small businesses to those
impacted by the weekend's downpour. On Saturday, the government activated
emergency assistance grants to ensure people could access shelter and support to
meet their basic living needs and to re-establish their homes over the longer
term. Grants of up to $25,950 are available through the Department of Human
Services for those in extreme hardship whose homes are uninhabitable. Since
Friday, the SES received over 6300 requests of assistance. Mr Wiebusch said
15,000 calls for assistance were lodged last month alone. SCHOOLS OUT " Cardross
Primary " Cranbourne Carlisle Primary " Hampton Park Secondary " Irymple
Secondary " Lynbrook Primary " Lyndhurst Secondary " Red Cliffs East Primary "
Strathaird Primary " Wyndham Park Primary

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: SUNDAY DRIVER 4.30pm, Centre Road, Narre Warren - It might be
fun for some such as this woman, but police are concerned about people ignoring
warnings by playing or driving in floods.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              387 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Telegram (Superior, Wisconsin)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             March 8, 2016 Tuesday

One Roof offers fix-up, emergency loans to Superior homeowners

BYLINE: Shelley Nelson, Superior Telegram, Wis.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 478 words


March 08--A Duluth-based housing program that helps homeowners with affordable
fix-up and emergency loans is finding its way across the bridge to Superior.

Whether you are you looking to build a deck, upgrade your kitchen or install
energy-efficient appliances or windows, or your water heater or furnace suddenly
failed -- One Roof Community Housing has loan programs for home improvement or
emergency repairs for virtually any income level.

As a Duluth-based nonprofit organization, One Roof provides an array of
affordable housing resources and opportunities for low- to moderate-income
individuals and families.

The organization leverages public, foundation and private funds to create
permanently affordable housing and housing resources for residents of Duluth,
Hermantown, Cloquet, Proctor, Two Harbors and now Superior homeowners with
affordable loan opportunities.

One Roof received a $100,000 grant from NeighborWorks America, a national
organization that supports a network of 240 affordable housing and community
development nonprofit organizations across the country. The grant allows One
Roof to expand its programs and services to Superior.

"We're starting by offering our fix-up and emergency loan programs to City of
Superior property owners," said Mark Sisson, lending director at One Roof.
"Homeowners and landlords can use our loan products to improve their property or
to address emergency situations."

Sisson said the decision to seek the grant stemmed from discussions with city
officials about the need for housing rehabilitation in Superior.

A recent housing studied revealed Superior's aging housing stock, with 23.1
percent of owner occupied homes were built before 1940 and 79.9 percent built
before 1980.

Getting a loan through One Roof Housing is similar to getting a conventional
bank loan, but there are some different underwriting guidelines that must be
followed. He said the program works with low- to moderate-income people and in
certain census tracts.

"We try to help people that really need the help," Sisson said. "If people
struggle with traditional financing, this is just another avenue for people to
reach out."

He said the organization can work pretty quickly to assist people with
emergencies such as a broken water heater or furnace.

Founded in 2012 with a merger of Neighborhood Housing Services and Northern
Communities Land Trust, One Roof is an equal housing lender and a certified
Community Development Financial Institution. The organization provides
affordable credit and financial services to people and communities underserved
by mainstream commercial banks and lenders. To learn more about One Roof's
Fix-up and Emergency loan programs, visit 1roofhousing.org.

___ (c)2016 the Superior Telegram (Superior, Wis.) Visit the Superior Telegram
(Superior, Wis.) at www.superiortelegram.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160308-DG-One-Roof-offers-fix-up-emergency
-loans-to-Superior-homeowners-0308-20160308

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DG


                       Copyright 2016 The Daily Telegram


                              388 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 18, 2014 Tuesday

Sens. Menendez, Booker Announce More than $4M FEMA Grants to Aid NJ's Sandy
Recovery

LENGTH: 333  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Robert Menendez, U.S Government has issued the following
news release:

U.S. Senators Robert Menendez and Cory Booker today announced the awarding of
more than $4 million in federal Sandy relief grants through the Federal
Emergency Management Agency's (FEMA) Public Assistance grant program for
administrative and cleanup cost in the wake of Superstorm Sandy.

""Two years after Sandy, much work is still left to do to rebuild and make our
state more resilient," said Sen. Menendez.  "These grant awards help relieve the
burden felt in hard-hit communities and keep our state on its path to full
recovery from Superstorm Sandy."

"The devastation Sandy brought on our state is still felt my our residents and
municipalities," said Sen Booker. "The critical federal grants announced today
will help Monmouth County and Long Beach Township rebuild and be better prepared
for future disasters. I will continue to work hard to make sure these resources
are available to all those in need and hope that the funding announced today
continues to demonstrates the long term commitment to New Jersey communities on
the road to recovery."

The specific grant awards follow:

$1,095,332        Monmouth County
    For emergency protective measures to help first responders perform search
and rescue operations, evacuations and secure temporary facilities destroyed or
damaged as a result of Superstosrm Sandy

$2,980,979        Long Beach
    For the use of contractors to replace sanitary sewer lines destroyed as a
result of Superstorm Sandy

The President signed the Superstorm Sandy Supplemental Appropriations bill into
law last year, bringing the total Sandy aid enacted by Congress to $60.2
billion. The funding package included federal aid to help homeowners,
businesses, and communities recover, and resources to rebuild coastal,
transportation, and water infrastructure.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              389 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 21, 2017 Tuesday

Washington: Loebsack Statement on President Trump's FY2018 Budget

LENGTH: 603  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Dave Loebsack has issued the following news
release:



  Congressman Dave Loebsack made the following statement today after President
Trump released his budget for FY2018.





 "It has long been said that a budget is a set of priorities, a vision of where
one believes the country should be headed. The budget that the President
unveiled today fails to reflect the priorities of Iowans I meet when traveling
around the state. This budget cuts investments in programs that have a proven
record of creating jobs and growing the economy, disinvests in education, cuts
important funding for rebuilding our infrastructure, eliminates vital workforce
training programs, does away with loans to ensure Iowans have access to clean
water, and turns off assistance to low income families to help manage heating
and energy costs. We need to pass a budget that grows our infrastructure,
invests in Iowa's small towns and rural communities, and ensures any child who
wants to can afford to attend college.



 "As a father and grandfather, I am very concerned about the future we will
leave to our children. It is clear that there is fat that needs to be trimmed
from the budget, but slashing everything from job creation programs to services
for rural communities, isn't the way to go about it. This budget makes it clear
that the White House is out of touch with reality. We need a budget that works
for all Americans, not just millionaires, billionaires and corporations."



 Specific cuts that will have a direct impact on Iowans:



 Agriculture

 - Cuts $95 million from the Rural Business and Cooperative Service that offers
programs to support business development and job training opportunities for
rural residents

 - Eliminates the $500 million Water and Wastewater loan and grant program that
funds rural water and waste infrastructure



 Commerce

 - Eliminates the $221 million Economic Development Administration, which
provides grants to struggling communities



 HHS

 - Cuts the National Institutes of Health (NIH) budget by nearly twenty percent

 - Eliminates LIHEAP, which helps low income families afford heating and energy
costs

 - Eliminates the Corporation for National and Community Service (CNCS),
including the 1,500 Iowans working with the AmeriCorps program

 - Eliminates the Corporation for Public Broadcasting (CPB)



 Transportation

 - Eliminates Essential Air Service, which subsidizes flights to rural airports,
including a $1,917,566 cut to Burlington

 - Eliminates TIGER grants that invest in road, rail, and transit projects



 HUD

 - Eliminates $3 billion CDBG program, which hurts rural infrastructure and
provides help for modest income families in Iowa's cities



 Education

 - Cuts $2.4 billion in grants for preparing and training teachers

 - Cuts $1.2 billion for after-school and summer programs

 - Cut $3.7 billion in grants for teacher training



 FEMA

 - Cuts $581 million for disaster response, including:

    - Public Assistance Funding: Supports the rebuilding of schools, hospitals,
bridges, water treatment plants, and all kinds of public buildings, facilities
and infrastructure. These grants also assist with covering the costs of debris
removal and cleanup efforts in the immediate aftermath of a disaster

    - Individual Assistance Funding: Enables people who have lost their homes to
find temporary housing as well as provide food and shelter for their families

    - Hazard Mitigation Grants: Provides support to fix vulnerabilities that
were exposed in the most recent disaster, like relocating or elevating homes
that were damaged



 Energy

 - Eliminates the Weatherization Assistance Program

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              390 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                            August 11, 2012 Saturday
                                 METRO EDITION

FEMA again rejects aid for flood victims

BYLINE: BILL McAULIFFE; STAFF WRITER, STAR TRIBUNE (Mpls.-St. Paul)

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5B

LENGTH: 315 words



HIGHLIGHT: Dayton to ask Legislature for $7.4 million in relief.


Federal officials have for the second time denied assistance to owners of
private property damaged in June's massive flash floods.

After Friday's denial, Gov. Mark Dayton indicated he will ask the Legislature to
pick up the $7.4 million repair bill.

In denying Dayton's appeal of a July 25 decision, the Federal Emergency
Management Agency reasserted that damage to private property didn't reach the
threshold for federal assistance. FEMA usually reserves those grants for
disasters that cause serious uninsured damage to more than 500 homes, and the
state counted only about 171 homes with such damage.

The agency has approved assistance for repairs of publicly owned buildings,
roads and structures.

FEMA similarly denied assistance to individual property owners after the north
Minneapolis tornado in May 2011; after several tornadoes that heavily damaged
Wadena, Minn., and several other communities in Minnesota, killing three people
in June 2010, and after flash floods across 150 miles of southern Minnesota in
September 2010 damaged about 600 homes and businesses in mostly rural areas.

It did provide individual assistance after flash floods in southeast Minnesota
in August 2007 destroyed 1,400 homes across seven counties. Particularly
devastated was Rushford, which was flooded when water topped a levee. Seven
people were killed during several days of storms that included a state 24-hour
record rainfall.

FEMA also denies individual assistance in situations where it appears local
resources can cover the losses.

The bottom line on damage to public property from the June 19-21 flooding across
13 counties and three tribal nations in northern Minnesota is currently $190
million, most of which will come from FEMA. The Legislature is tentatively
scheduled to meet in a special session Aug. 24 to consider writing a check to
trigger that FEMA contribution.

Bill McAuliffe - 612-673-7646

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2012 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              391 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Duncan Banner (Oklahoma)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 18, 2012 Sunday

County chiefs to consider agreement for saferoom

BYLINE: Derrick Miller, The Duncan Banner, Okla.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 380 words


March 18--DUNCAN -- Stephens County is working toward getting a saferoom, a
project that's been in the works for quite some time.

During a regular meeting Monday (9:30 a.m.), the County Commissioners may
approve a state-local disaster assistance agreement between the county and the
State of Oklahoma, regarding funding through the Hazard Mitigation Grant
Program. This program, which is for a saferoom, is made available by the Federal
Emergency Management Agency (FEMA).

The goal of the program is to minimize the loss of life and property, relating
to a natural disaster. The commissioners have discussed getting a saferoom for
the county since mid-2011.

Other items for the agenda at the meeting in Commission Chambers include:

- Discussion of a Community Development Block Grant (CDBG), which could prompt
the commissioners to approve an interlocal cooperation agreement between the
county and the Stephens County Rural Water District 5.

The CDBG is for the construction of a water storage tower in Rural Water
District 5.

- Consideration of bids for a new hydrostatic chip spreader for District 1. The
chip spreader is used for asphalt road projects.

- At 10 a.m., the commissioners will open bids for a generator addition for the
Stephens County Health Department. The board may approve the lowest and best bid
for the project.

- The board will consider taking action on the use of headsets in the E911 call
center. The item will also look at the commissioners' responsibilities and role
in implementing an oversight of the 911 system.

This discussion is a continuation of one that began during a regular meeting on
March 12, when the commissioners, members of the E911 project and law
enforcement heard a report from representatives of Lawton Communications, which
is supplying equipment for the E911 system

- The commissioners may acknowledge the receiving officers for the court clerk
and District 3.

- Addressing several weekly items: minutes of the March 12 meeting; taking
action on the payment of any purchase orders; and the issuance of any blanket
purchases orders. They may also consider approving any county utility permits.

___ (c)2012 The Duncan Banner (Duncan, Okla.) Visit The Duncan Banner (Duncan,
Okla.) at www.duncanbanner.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20120318-DJ-County-chiefs-to-consider-agreement-for-saferoom-0318-20120318

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DJ


                        Copyright 2012 The Duncan Banner


                              392 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        San Bernardino Sun (California)

                           October 6, 2010 Wednesday

Don't be fooled

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 555 words


Please, for the sake of our state and country, don't be fooled by Barbara Boxer.
She has no interest in you, me or anyone else in this area except for herself
and keeping her high-power job in Washington, D.C.

Recently, I reached out to her and her office for assistance regarding a
complaint I had with a government agency. I sent my request to her local, state
and Washington offices. Not only did I not receive any assistance from her, I
never received an acknowledgment that her office received my letter, and no
assistance was rendered by her or her staff. All other elected officials that I
contacted at least acknowledged they could or could not help. My issue was
ultimately resolved with no assistance from Boxer.

I actually was not surprised as the only time we see or hear from Barbara Boxer
is when she is seeking publicity for herself or seeking re-election.

I find it amazing that Boxer can make a visit to a veterans hospital with a news
photographer in tow to show her "support" for veterans but has no problem
scolding an Army general on national television for not referring to her as
"senator" instead of respectfully calling her "ma'am" during a congressional
hearing. This alone should prove that all she cares about is herself and her job
as a senator. As a veteran, I'm insulted that she "supports" veterans and the
military in this manner.

I am completely tired, as we all should be, of the empty promises politicians
never deliver. Barbara Boxer falls in this category, so please don't be fooled
by her empty promises and phony concern.

VINCENT KUTCH
Highland

Time for change

I am writing to urge every member of Eastwood Farms Community Water Users
(Eastwood Farms) to vote in favor of forming an assessment district.

In 1997, the county of San Bernardino found contamination issues with our
58-year-old well that our users have not had the money or means to rectify.
Fortunately, East Valley Water District (EVWD) was willing and able to connect
occupied parcels with emergency water service. That was 13 years ago. Never did
we think this emergency service would continue for as long as it has.

Through the efforts of my wife, Mabelle Nazikoglu, EVWD, the county of San
Bernardino and the state, grants and loans have been secured that will
dramatically improve our water service and fire safety in ways we never thought
possible. Because of these funds, Eastwood Farm members will not have to pay
up-front for these necessary improvements.

Almost half of the funding for meters, service lines and fire hydrants will be
paid for by Safe Drinking Water, a state revolving fund grant. Other funding
will come in the form of a zero-interest state loan and financing through EVWD,
all of which will be paid for through our property taxes - most over 30 years.
The cost will be minimal in comparison with the user benefits and property value
increase.

For those people of Eastwood Farms who somehow believe there is still hope for
our small, independent agency, please do not hold out hope for this. It is over.
We cannot have our old well back. We cannot drill a new well.

Our best option is to vote in favor of the formation of an assessment district
under EVWD. If we do not, we risk losing our water service entirely and the
possibility of jumping many more hurdles with other agencies.

ZEKAI "Doc" NAZIKOGLU
San Bernardino

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              393 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Home Hill Observer (Australia)

                                January 17, 2008
                                  1 - Edition

FLOOD LEAVES TOWN UP THE CREEK

BYLINE: Susan Graham

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 515 words


``WATER is starting to seep through the jetty.''

These were the words of Groper Creek Caravan Park manager Nerida Davies.

Mrs Davies and her husband Garth are new to the creek and were more than ready
for the what only could be described as inundation.

``We have only been here for a year,'' Mrs Davies said.

``We haven't seen Groper Creek covered in water before.''

Mrs Davies said people had been telling them about how high the water got down
there.

``We were told that the water would peak between 1.5 and 2m around the houses
tomorrow (Thursday),'' she said yesterday.

The Observer asked Mrs Davies if she was nervous about the experience, she said,
``no . . .we are ready.''

Mrs Davies said that everyone was ready on Tuesday for any flooding.

``All the residents are fine and settling in for the duration,'' she said.

According to the Burdekin Shire Council Flood Report that was issued at 11am
yesterday the river level at the Burdekin River Bridge (Inkerman) was 7.1m and
rising slowly.

* Burdekin Falls Dam: 3.10m -- over spillway and rising

* Dalbeg: 2.50m -- rising 100mm per hour

* Millaroo: 10.00m -- rising 100mm per hour

* Clare: 9.34m -- rising 50mm per hour

* Rita Island Bridge: 0.50m -- over decking and rising 50mm per hour.

Minor rises are continuing in the lower Burdekin River.

The Burdekin River is expected to reach a level of 9m at the Burdekin River
Bridge at Home Hill this afternoon.

Rita Island Bridge is closed and is expected to remain closed until Sunday,
January 20.

Water is on the Groper Creek Reserve and will continue to rise slowly.

Residents of Rita Island and Groper Creek should continue to monitor heights.

There is good news for Burdekin residents directly affected by the flood.

They may be eligible for up to $740 to buy food, dry clothes and accommodation.

Acting Emergency Service Minister Andrew Fraser has included the Burdekin in the
11 local government areas eligible for financial assistance after the flooding.

Mr Fraser made the announcement following a tour of the flood-affected
Whitsunday region earlier this week.

``Early estimates put the damage bill in excess of $3 million to public
infrastructure such as roads and bridges,'' Mr Fraser said.

Acting Communities Minister Rod Welford said the assistance included personal
hardship support

``Personal hardship grants of $160 per person and up to $740 per family for
essentials such as food, dry clothes and accommodation are available to people
affected by the floods,'' Mr Welford said.

``Assistance is also available for building and contents repair and replacement.

``This assistance is means tested, with maximum assistance of $9800 for
individuals and $13,200 for couples or families.

``The personal hardship assistance to individuals and families is administered
by the Department of Communities by phoning 1800 440 074.

``Another form of assistance is for the reimbursement costs for local councils'
extraordinary disaster management costs such as tarps, machinery hire and
private debris clean-up.

``This support is administered by the Department of Emergency Services' and
Emergency Management Queensland.''

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: THH


                   Copyright 2008 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              394 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Albert Lea Tribune (Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 22, 2014 Tuesday

Obama declares disaster for Freeborn County

BYLINE: Sarah Stultz, Albert Lea Tribune, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 306 words


July 22--President Barack Obama on Monday declared a major disaster in Minnesota
after widespread flooding across the state in June.

The declaration paves the way for federal aid to communities affected by the
severe storms.

Freeborn County was one of eight counties included in the declaration, and more
are expected to be added as additional damage assessments are completed,
according to a news release.

Other counties included Monday were Chippewa, Jackson, Murray, Nobles,
Pipestone, Renville and Rock counties.

The most recent preliminary damage assessment totaled more than $37.1 million
statewide, including $16.1 million in damages to roads and bridges.

The most recent figure for damages in Freeborn County was just over $1 million
when FEMA officials visited earlier this month.

Albert Lea received more than 7 inches of rain from the storms, leading to high
water levels in both Fountain and Albert Lea lakes, closed streets, some homes
with sewage backups and farmland that was under water.

The presidential declaration makes two types of federal aid available. The first
is public assistance aid, which offers help to state and local governments and
certain nonprofit organizations for emergency work and repair of damaged
facilities.

The second is a hazard mitigation grant program, which offers assistance to
prevent or reduce long-term risk to life and property from natural hazards.

FEMA will reimburse 75 percent of the approved costs and the state will pay the
remainder.

Eligible work includes debris removal, emergency services related to the
disaster and repair of damaged public facilities, roads, power poles, buildings,
utilities and recreation areas.

___ (c)2014 the Albert Lea Tribune (Albert Lea, Minn.) Visit the Albert Lea
Tribune (Albert Lea, Minn.) at www.albertleatribune.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140722-1AL-Obama-declares-disaster-for-Freeborn-County-0722-20140722

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1AL


                       Copyright 2014 Albert Lea Tribune


                              395 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring South Asia - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                           August 18, 2010 Wednesday

Japan to give Pakistan additional 10m dollar for flood relief

LENGTH: 220 words


Text of report by official news agency Associated Press of Pakistan (APP)

Islamabad, 17 August: The government of Japan has decided to extend additional
emergency grant of up to 10m dollars to Pakistan in response to the disastrous
floods caused by the heavy monsoon rains in the country.

This decision has been taken upon request from the government of Pakistan and
the UN's Initial Floods Emergency Response Plan announced on 11 August, says a
statement issued by the Embassy of Japan here on Tuesday [17 August].

This emergency grant is in addition to the 3m-dollar grant aid which was
announced on 3 August and had already been provided to several UN agencies for
the provision of food and drinking water in the flood-affected areas.

The government of Japan has also provided emergency relief goods for the flood
victims in Pakistan worth 240,000 dollars, which included tents, dewatering
plants, water purifiers and water tanks.

Japan Platform, a tripartite cooperation mechanism between the government of
Japan, the Japanese business community and NGOs, last week also decided to
provide emergency relief assistance worth 1,200,000 dollars.

In total, Japan has contributed around 14.4m dollars for the flood disaster in
Pakistan.

Source: Associated Press of Pakistan news agency, Islamabad, in English 1212gmt
17 Aug 10

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2010 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              396 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                           Manila Times (Philippines)

                            October 1, 2009 Thursday

ADB, local governments donate to relief programs

BYLINE: By Darwin G. Amojelar, Llanesca T. Panti, Mark Emerson Cadiz, Rhaydz B.
Barcia And Anthony Bayarong

LENGTH: 1236 words


The Asian Development Bank (ADB) on Wednesday pledged a $3-million grant to
support emergency relief efforts in the wake of tropical storm Ondoy
(international codename: Ketsana).

The pledge was among the latest offered to the Philippines, which has appealed
for international aid earlier this week. But besides the donations from abroad,
Filipinos from other parts of the country also pitched in to help.

The ADB said in statement that its pledge was to be used for clean water, health
services, medical supplies and other essential emergency items for vulnerable
families in need of assistance.

The Civil Defense office, or National Disaster Coordinating Council (NDCC)
reported that more than 319,000 families have been affected by the storm's
aftermath.

"The Philippines is ADB's home, and we are dedicated to helping flood-affected
families through this unimaginably difficult time," said Haruhiko Kuroda, ADB
president.

"There are still thousands of families rendered homeless by the floods, and ADB
will do whatever it can to support the government's efforts to provide them with
the essential care they need," he added.

The $3-million grant was being provided under ADB's emergency facility, the Asia
Pacific Disaster Response Fund, which provides quick-disbursing grants to help
restore essential life-saving services following disasters.

ADB is coordinating its relief efforts with the United Nations and other
development partners.

More aid pours in

The European Union, meanwhile, donated P140 million for storm victims in Metro
Manila.

"The volume of water brought by Ondoy has stretched the coping capacity of the
affected towns and cities to the utmost, and the EC [European Commission],
together with other international partners, has responded quickly to the
[Philippine] government's appeal," said Ambassador Alistair MacDonald, head of
the commission's delegation in Manila.

He added that this was the second humanitarian assistance grant that the
European Commission has provided the Philippines over the last few months.
Earlier in July, it approved a grant worth 3 million euros for Filipinos
displaced by fighting in Mindanao.

The United States will also donate $4-million (P185-million) worth of medicines
and will lend equipment, including bulldozers, helicopters and forklifts, to
help clean up Metro Manila. It has also deployed US Navy troops with rubber
boats to assist with rescue and relief operations.

Earlier, Washington gave $100,000 (P4 million) to the Philippine National Red
Cross.

Germany has also pledged 500,000 euros (about P35 million) in humanitarian
assistance, Ambassador Christian Ludwig Weber-Lortsch said in a statement also
on Wednesday. The funds will be placed at the disposal of German Humanitarian
Aid Organizations Deutsches Rotes Kreuz (German Red Cross) and other German
relief agencies operating in the country.

The statement added, "The main purpose of the aid is to provide urgently needed
food and sanitary products for the victims of the disaster. The relief
organizations will cooperate closely with their counterparts in the Philippines
in order to ensure that the aid reaches the victims immediately and directly."

The United Nations Children's Fund (Unicef) donated P6.9-million worth of
supplies to address the urgent needs of affected children and their families.
The agency also gave food and other items to the Department of Social Welfare
and Development (DSWD) for distribution to flood-stricken communities.

Vanessa Tobin, Unicef representative in Manila, said, "Our hearts go out to the
thousands of children and families who have been affected by the storm, whether
they are still trapped in their homes or living in evacuation centers."

She added, "Water and sanitation are issues that need immediate action. In the
next 48 hours, we will be delivering 2,000 more hygiene kits, essential
medicines, water purification tablets, portable toilets and family kits
containing blankets and soap to aid in relief efforts. We are also helping the
government and other humanitarian agencies to address gaps in the delivery of
aid to those affected."

Unicef was also asking for donations of $3.5 million for the children and
families affected by the storm. The funds will be used to buy more water kits
and medical kits.

The Palace also reported on Wednesday that two foreign nongovernment
organizations (NGOs) were helping Filipino victims of the storm. One was the
Asia-America initiative that brought water purifiers, another was the Mercy
Malaysia that transported medical personnel to areas where they are needed.

No duty for donations

President Gloria Arroyo, meanwhile, directed the Department of Finance to exempt
from all duties and taxes the donations to the Department of Social Welfare and
Development (DSWD) from overseas individuals or organizations for victims of
tropical storm Ondoy.

The instruction stated that donated goods and commodities must be consigned to
Social Welfare department, according to a statement released also on Wednesday.

Social Welfare Secretary Esperanza Cabral hailed the directive of President
Arroyo as a positive development in relief operations. "With the massive
devastation brought about by tropical storm Ondoy, we need to muster all support
from various sectors so that we can deliver the needed services for the typhoon
victims," Cabral said.

Included in the list of tax and duty-free goods and commodities for disaster
victims are rice, beans and other dry rations, ready to eat meals, canned meats
or fish, beddings, kitchen and eating utensils, items of personal hygiene such
as bath soap and toothpaste, emergency and lifesaving equipment and supplies,
power supplies, water purification equipments, and others similar items.

Albay donates P1 million

Gov. Joey Salceda of Albay province sent a busload of paramedic volunteers to
help flood victims in Rizal province, near Manila.

Plus, the Provincial Council of Albay led by Vice Gov. Brando Sael, approved on
Tuesday at least P1-million worth of financial assistance also for victims in
Rizal.

The donations were presented to President Gloria Arroyo, who was in Bicol also
on Wednesday. She visited the towns of Polangui and Camalig and led the
groundbreaking ceremony of water system at Napo village worth P140.7 million.

SBMA donates goods

The Subic Bay Metropolitan Authority (SBMA) sent of some P300,000 worth of
relief goods and a truckload of used cloths for victims of Ondoy also on
Wednesday.

The good included rice, canned goods and noodles that were already packed and
ready for distribution.

SBMA Administrator Armand Arreza said that the donation would be brought to the
Philippines National Red Cross in Manila. He added that the authority was
planning to also send firemen to help assess the situation in Metro Manila.

"[But] we can't send fire trucks in Manila yet. We will be sending a team so
that they can assess the situation and upon their assessment we will decide if
we still need to send trucks or personnel only," he added.

Rani Cruz, head of the Procurement Department of SBMA, said that the donation
was only the first batch of relief goods that they would be sending to Manila.
He added that they were also gathering donations from locators in the free port.

"During the height of the flooding in Metro Manila, we sent rubber boats and a
team of rescuers from our fire department together with Olongapo City," he said.

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

                       Copyright 2009 News Bites Pty Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                               Global News Bites


                              397 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Charleston Daily Mail (West Virginia)

                             April 11, 2014, Friday

CHEMICAL LEAK;
FEMA approves funding request Counties to recoup funds; event deemed not 'major
disaster' approves funding request

BYLINE: DAVE BOUCHER, Capitol Bureau chief

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P1A

LENGTH: 388 words


The Federal Emergency Management Agency approved a funding request for response
to the Freedom Industries chemical leak but declined to consider the event a
"major disaster.

The administration of Gov. Earl Ray Tomblin released the two FEMA rulings late
Thursday.

FEMA originally granted a request for federal aid Jan. 10, one day after state
officials discovered thousands of gallons of chemicals had contaminated 300,000
West Virginians' water supply.

The declaration provided for direct federal aid, but didn't give an avenue for
recovery of funds spent by local governments on chemical leak relief, said Jimmy
Gianato, state director of Homeland Security and Emergency Management.

FEMA originally denied an additional request that would allow entities to recoup
some funds, saying the spill "was not of such severity and magnitude as to
warrant grant assistance under this emergency declaration.

The state appealed that decision and FEMA approved the appeal Thursday.

"We want to thank FEMA and our congressional delegation for working with all of
us to secure all the assistance that we were able to bring back to the state,
Gianato said.

The change allows the state and responders in the nine affected counties as well
as "certain private, nonprofit groups to apply for grants to recoup costs. Those
costs must have been incurred between Jan. 9 and Jan. 20.

FEMA also denied the state's request for a major disaster declaration, which
would have provided potentially for further funding. The denial letter states
the chemical spill didn't meet the definition of "major disaster in federal law.

"The incident was not a result of a natural catastrophe, nor was it caused by a
fire, flood or explosion, wrote FEMA administrator W. Craig Fugate in the letter
to the governor.

The letter says the state has 30 days to appeal that decision. Pointing to the
definition, Gianato said he thought an appeal was unlikely.

The state estimated the financial impact of the spill at more than $72 million.
Most of that total - about $61 million - is an estimate of community losses. The
administration never explained how it arrived at that number, but a Marshall
University preliminary study of the spill proposed the same amount.

Contact writer Dave Boucher at 304-348-4843 or david. boucher@dailymailwv.com
Follow him at www.Twitter.com/Dave_Boucher1.

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 Charleston Newspapers


                              398 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                           November 21, 2013 Thursday
                                 First Edition

$7.6m grant for parched properties

BYLINE: Nicole Hasham State Politics

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 330 words


Drought-stricken NSW farmers will receive financial help to move stock, access
emergency water and address mental health issues as northern parts of the state
reportedly experience the lowest rainfall in more than a century.

The state government on Wednesday announced a $7.6 million package of support
measures for farmers in the Bourke, Brewarrina and Walgett districts.

Deputy Premier Andrew Stoner said producers were dealing with "extraordinarily
difficult circumstances" which had left farmers and rural townships "very
stressed".

"North-west of our state is undergoing a very serious drought," he said. "The
producers in those areas are talking about the lowest rainfall ... in more than
100 years."

Each farmer will be eligible for $20,000 in transport assistance to move
affected stock, and other subsidies will be provided to producers across the
state to transport stock if their animals are at risk.

Farmers can also access $30,000 to install emergency water infrastructure such
as bores, pipes and tanks. Funding will also be made available to rural support
workers to address problems such as mental health issues and budgeting.

Primary Industries minister Katrina Hodgkinson said the drought was an extension
of the drought affecting Queensland and the package brought NSW into line with
assistance in that state.

It follows measures announced last month such as a $20 million farm innovation
fund to award primary producers loans at concessional interest rates to help
deal with and prepare for drought.

"Primary production is critical to these communities and ... helping farmers
will assist to preserve the social and economic fabric of the community at
large," she said.

"[Drought] ends up impacting not just the farmer, but the small business, the
banker, the dentist, the local accountant and everybody in between."

The drought-affected areas provided "grains and fibres, all sorts of things you
would take for granted on your breakfast table or in your clothing", she said.

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Arid: A Brewarrina property shows the effects of the
long-running drought. Photo: The Land

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2013 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              399 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Philadelphia Daily News

                             June 6, 2012 Wednesday
                                  WEB Edition

Double blow to the needy

BYLINE: by john rowe

SECTION: NEWS; P-com Opinion; Pg. WEB

LENGTH: 612 words


A FINANCIAL SETBACK can strike any family at any time, due to job loss, an
unexpected illness, or sudden major expenses related to care for an elderly
parent or sick child. For middle-class families, the response may be to forego a
summer vacation or cut back on holiday spending. For lower-income families, the
result may be the inability to pay the utilities.

According to the Colorado Energy Assistance Foundation, the inability to pay
utilities is a leading cause of homelessness, second only to the inability to
pay rent. When a vulnerable family lets utility bills slip and finally receives
a shut-off notice, there is a no-win choice to make: Use what little funds it
has to pay for the bare necessities, like food, and accept the shut-off, or do
without and pay the bills.

In 2010, about a third of low-income families threatened with a shut-off went
without food for at least one day in favor of paying the bill, according to a
study by the National Energy Assistance Directors' Association. Almost half went
without medical care. One in four was unable to make a full mortgage or rent
payment, leading to eviction, foreclosure and, for some, homelessness.

Not paying the bill has dire consequences as well. Without heat or water, a
residence becomes unlivable. As a result, children may be removed from their
homes by child-welfare authorities. Even if they are able to stay with their
families, they are more likely to move frequently, interrupting their
educational development. Seniors are forced to sell homes they have owned for
decades in order to stay on their feet.

Over the past 30 years, the nonprofit Utility Emergency Services Fund has
prevented the loss of heat, electricity and water for more than 160,000
Philadelphia families. The organization, through its utility grant program, acts
as a last resort for families in crisis.

For every dollar that UESF spends in grants, utility companies to whom the debt
is owed &mdash; including Peco, the Philadelphia Gas Works and the Philadelphia
Water Department &mdash; provide matching funds. In other words, a $750 UESF
grant is actually worth $1,500.

In Philadelphia and elsewhere, programs like UESF are suffering. The Community
Development Block Grant that funds UESF has been cut this year and is proposed
to be cut next year. As a result, this cost-effective program, which helps
low-income Philadelphia residents pay for utilities, stabilizes vulnerable
families and, in turn, prevents homelessness, is on the chopping block for the
second consecutive year.

Thanks to the dollar match from the utility companies and to the fact that UESF
raises its operating funds from noncity and non-governmental sources, UESF's
Utility grant program is relatively inexpensive to administer. Yet, the city
proposes to slash the $1.525 million program almost 30 percent. Along with that
cut of $455,000 in funding from the city budget, the program stands to lose
another $455,000 in matching funds from utility companies.

Simply put, the city's proposal represents almost a $1 million cut to the
program and a missed opportunity to keep the lights, water, and gas on for 1,200
Philadelphia families in desperate need.

We cannot allow this to happen. Through utility assistance, UESF provides a
proactive and low-cost solution to larger, insurmountable issues like
homelessness. That doesn't just help the families at risk. It helps us all.

The mission of UESF is to save families from financial crisis before it's too
late. Now, we're urging the city to do the same. Fully fund this program and,
consequently, save the families that benefit from it.3 n

John Rowe is executive director of the Utility Emergency Services Fund.

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2012 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              400 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Morehead News (Kentucky)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            November 28, 2008 Friday

Cranston gets grant

BYLINE: Nicole Back, The Morehead News, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 389 words


Nov. 28--Training Officer Danny Blevins said the Cranston Fire Department needs
updated equipment more than any other fire department in the nation. That is why
the U.S. Department of Homeland Security's Federal Emergency Management Agency
awarded the Route 377 Volunteer Fire Department an "Assistance to Firefighters"
grant for $20,700.

"It really allows us to do things that would be impossible to do in any short
term budget," Blevins said. "Our entire budget for the year from the county is
twenty-five thousand. This is a big boost to get this kind of money and be able
to do something with it at this level."

The money will go toward a standby emergency generator for the station, floating
pumps and protective equipment.

"The generator will run our entire station if there's a power outage," Blevins
said. "That means we'll be able to shelter people during short term events such
as thunderstorms, ice storms, winter weather. So, that's a big boost for our
small community of Cranston."

Floating pumps are designed to help move water from ponds, creeks or swimming
pools into the fire department's trucks and water tankers. Blevins said in rural
areas they do not have fire hydrants and the fire fighters have to get water
from "static sources".

Volunteer fire fighters will use the new protective equipment while fighting
wildland interface fires.

"That equipment will help protect firefighters from burnovers. We received
funding to buy 25 sets of what are known as fire shelters," Blevins said. "These
shelters are designed to protect firefighters if there is a burnover situation
where they could be entrapped."

He said the application process for the AFG was competitive. His organization
reported its needs and those needs were compared to thousands of other fire
departments across the nation.

He hopes to get the standby generator by the first of January and the rest of
the equipment by the middle of next year.

To see more of The Morehead News or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.themoreheadnews.com/. Copyright (c) 2008, The Morehead News, Ky.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20081128-ZM-Cranston-gets-grant-1128

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZM


                                 Copyright 2008


                              401 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 10, 2014 Thursday

SCHUMER, GILLIBRAND ANNOUNCE OVER $230,000 IN FEDERAL FUNDS FOR LONG BEACH
VOLUNTEER FIRE DEPARTMENT; INVESTMENT MEANS VITAL EQUIPMENT FOR FIRST RESPONDERS

LENGTH: 451  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Charles E. Schumer, U.S Government has issued the
following news release:

United States Senators Charles E. Schumer and Kirsten Gillibrand today announced
that the Long Beach Volunteer Fire Department is set to receive $237,060 in
federal funding to purchase forty-two new air packs. The money was allocated
through the Federal Emergency Management Agency's (FEMA) Assistance to
Firefighters Grant (AFG) Program.

"With this funding, Long Beach's first responders can focus on their important
work knowing they have new, reliable and protective breathing equipment," said
Senator Schumer. "This investment will help ensure that our local heroes can
continue their life-saving work as effectively and safely as possible."

"This is an important investment for Long Beach," said Gillibrand. "When our
first responders go into harm's way, we need to make sure they have the most
up-to-date equipment to serve our communities. Federal funding will help our
firefighters respond to emergencies more efficiently and effectively, and help
save more lives."

Long Beach was one of the hardest hit communities on Long Island during
Superstorm Sandy, destroying many homes and leaving residents without power for
many days. Long Beach Volunteer Fire Department was critical in the recovery
process.

On the night of the storm, a fire affecting ten homes ripped through Barnes
Street on Long Beach. Because the storm had knocked out power and communications
at the Long Beach Fire Department, the firefighters were notified about the fire
through social media. Two Long Beach firefighters trudged through chest-high
flood waters to help put out the fire. After additional firefighters arrived to
the scene, it took approximately six hours to put out.

Schumer was an original sponsor of the legislation that led to the creation of
this funding program for local governments and fire departments to help defray
the rising costs of equipment and fire prevention. The Assistance to
Firefighters Grant Program funds can go towards training, equipment, personal
protective equipment, wellness and fitness, as well as modifications to fire
stations and facilities.

The Assistance to Firefighters Grant Program assists local fire departments in
programs and activities to improve the effectiveness of firefighting operations
through specialized emergency training for response to situations like terrorist
attacks; enhancement of emergency medical services programs; development of
health and safety initiatives; establishment of fire education and prevention
programs; creation of wellness and fitness programs; and equipment and facility
upgrades.

For further information please visit: http://www.schumer.senate.gov

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              402 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   Claiborne County Progress, Tazewell, Tenn.

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              May 17, 2015 Sunday

Claiborne in line for FEMA funds

BYLINE: Jan Runions, Claiborne County Progress, Tazewell, Tenn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 601 words


May 17--The brutal batch of snow storms that gripped much of the state in
February left in its wake substantial damages locally. Nevertheless, Claiborne
and eight other counties found themselves out of the loop for federally-funded
recovery assistance during initial assessments.

A second assessment seems to have done the trick, however, in that those nine
counties have now qualified for a 75/25 matching grant through the Federal
Emergency Management Agency (FEMA).

Tennessee Governor Bill Haslam announced on Friday the addition of the nine
counties to the list of 36 others that qualify for an as yet to be determined
amount of federal dollars.

The federal assistance will allow eligible government entities and certain
private nonprofits in the declared counties to apply for reimbursement of
specific expenses related to disaster response and recovery under the FEMA
Public Assistance Program.

The program reimburses costs associated with debris removal, emergency
protective measures, and the rebuilding or repairing of roads, bridges,
buildings, utilities, water control and recreational facilities.

In a telephone interview on Friday David Breeding, director of the Office of
Emergency Management Homeland Security, said the funds will cover uninsured
damages sustained during the eight days the winter snow storm played havoc with
the county.

"This is federal money that will reimburse the county for repairs to roads,
bridges and certain buildings like the (Claiborne) County Finance Office and
some of the schools. This money will allow us to restore them to pre-storm
conditions," said Breeding.

Unfortunately, he said, the funds will not cover individual damages sustained by
homeowners. He says he is unsure, at this point, just how much money the county
can expect and whether the funds will assist in repairing recent flooding in the
Speedwell community. FEMA personnel will need to complete work study sheets
before that information is announced, he said.

The money will go to cover insurance deductibles and to reimburse repairs that
were completed through underinsured policies, he said.

Bob Oakes, director of safety with the Claiborne school system, estimated the
county school properties sustained about $55,000 in damages during the snow
storms. Forge Ridge, Midway, Cumberland Gap High and Ellen Meyers received the
most damage, he said.

"Most of the damages were done to the awnings and gutters," said Oakes.

He estimated the FEMA funds will reimburse the school system up to $1,000 to
cover insurance deductibles and the clearing away of debris.

The February storms took 30 lives, severely damaged local utilities, forced
universities, K-12 schools and daycares to close and impacted communities and
individuals throughout the state.

State and local governments and electrical utilities spent more than $30.4
million in response and recovery actions before, during and after the winter
storm.

The response involved nearly 3,500 state employees.

"I appreciate the hard work of all the county emergency management officials who
are out there every day working for the citizens they serve to get them the help
they need, and this assistance will provide some relief to these additional
counties," said Haslam.

Claiborne, Cocke, Davidson, DeKalb, Greene, Hawkins, Pickett, Rhea and Wayne
counties are the latest to be added to the disaster declaration list.

Reach Jan Runions at 423-254-5588 or on Twitter @scribeCP.

___ (c)2015 the Claiborne County Progress (Tazewell, Tenn.) Visit the Claiborne
County Progress (Tazewell, Tenn.) at www.claiborneprogress.net Distributed by
Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150517-1TZ-Claiborne-in-line-for-FEMA-funds-0517-20150517

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1TZ


           Copyright 2015 Claiborne County Progress, Tazewell, Tenn.


                              403 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Glasgow Daily Times (Kentucky)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             June 9, 2010 Wednesday

Disaster assistance still available in Metcalfe

BYLINE: Gina Kinslow, Glasgow Daily Times, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 541 words


Jun. 9--EDMONTON -- Several Metcalfe County residents have received funding from
the Federal Emergency Management Association to repair homes damaged in the
early May flood.

Emory Kidd, emergency management director, reported at the Edmonton City Council
meeting Monday night and at the Metcalfe Fiscal Court meeting Tuesday that to
date there have been 79 residents who have signed up for individual assistance
through FEMA and 33 inspections have been completed. He also reported more than
$174,300 in FEMA grants have been awarded to residents.

"That is just grant money," he said. "That does not include SBA [Small Business
Administration grants] or any other grant. That's FEMA grant money to
residents."

FEMA representatives are working to get the remaining inspections completed,
Kidd said.

There are only two major categories for funding -- Emergency Protective Measures
and Debris Removal.

"That's what they are funding right now," he said. "We're waiting on Washington
to get funding for the roads, bridges and parks."

At one point during the heavy rains that resulted in the flood, city and county
officials feared the Dunham Dam would break.

Kidd reported Monday night during the Edmonton City Council meeting that a
specialist is scheduled to examine the dam and get estimates on getting it
repaired.

"We still have some water coming down under the spillway," he said.

It may be a while before the county receives any FEMA funding to cover the cost
to repair roads and bridges.

"As bad as it sounds, with the way the federal budget is, it will be a hurry up
and wait process," Kidd said during the Metcalfe Fiscal Court meeting Tuesday.
"I'm expecting funding every day and our goal is to have everything ready when
that funding is issued [we will be] ready to go to work."

Buildings and picnic shelters at Sulphur Well Park were destroyed in the flood
and magistrates are planning to advertise for bids to remove the debris.

"The insurance people are still working on it," said Judge-Executive Greg
Wilson. "I don't know if we're going to get anything. I don't know how much help
we're going to get from FEMA, but I do know that  FEMA is talking about doing an
elevated building."

Wilson said he isn't sure if FEMA will help the county rebuild a community
building at the park unless it is elevated.

He spoke with magistrates about the possibility of purchasing a 20- acre tract
of land near the park on which to build a community building. He told them he
wasn't sure if it was for sale or if it can be bought, or if the landowner would
like to donate it.

"It will be a great benefit to the Sulphur Well Park if we made a 20-acre park
down there," Wilson said. "That park is really used."

Wilson plans to check with the land owner and report to magistrates at their
next meeting.

Residents can still apply for FEMA funding.

To see more of the Glasgow Daily Times or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.glasgowdailytimes.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, Glasgow Daily Times, Ky.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100609-GK-Disaster-assistance-still-available-in-Metcalfe-0609

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GK


                       Copyright 2010 Glasgow Daily Times


                              404 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Townsville Bulletin (Australia)

                            March 10, 2011 Thursday
                                  1 - Edition

Funding explained

BYLINE: Major-General Mick Slater, Queensland Reconstruction Authority

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 613  words


Opinion

ONE of the frustrations I hear from people as I talk with affected communities
is about the confusing nature of the assistance programs available after a
disaster event.

The reconstruction task before us is enormous, but I know that for many
Queenslanders, making sense of the money during a crisis is even harder.

For people in areas of Queensland who are regularly impacted by natural
disasters like cyclones, the processes for getting help to get back on your feet
after an event are better known. But the size and scope of the disaster events
that hit us last summer are so large, that for many this will be the first time
they have to navigate what can be a complicated process at a very difficult
time.

And with so many areas hit hard, even finding out where to go for help can be
overwhelming. And so, I want to spend some time unscrambling the ``help egg''.

The cost of reconstructing Queensland post floods and Cyclone Yasi will be more
than $5 billion. The Commonwealth and State Governments have an assistance
program called the NDRRA or Natural Disaster Relief and Recovery Arrangement
which comes into effect when disaster strikes and immediately after.

The scheme is funded at 75 per cent by the Commonwealth and 25 per cent from the
State Government. The Federal Government has already put $2 billion towards the
reconstruction effort. Much of the money needed for the reconstruction of
Queensland's public infrastructure will come from this scheme and the authority
will manage the money to ensure that we make that allocation go as far as
possible.

The NDRRA is broadly split into four categories:

* Category A is a form of immediate emergency assistance that is given to people
to help ease personal hardship as a direct result of a natural disaster. It pays
for things such as emergency accommodation and food, as well as counter disaster
operations like sandbags or tarpaulins.

* Category B basically fixes what was broken. It pays for repairs to public
assets like major roads and helps businesses back on their feet through grants
and special loans. It also helps people have essential services like gas, power
and sewerage fixed in their homes.

* Category C includes community recovery packages that look at the recovery from
a holistic perspective by providing grants to businesses, primary producers and
not-for-profit organisations for activities like cleanup, debris removal and
fodder drops.

* The recently announced Category D provides extra support for eligible Category
C applicants who have suffered extreme damage by providing access to
concessional loans and grants. It is targeted at industries that are significant
to local communities and whose prolonged closure will have a huge impact.

The reality is, of course, that not all reconstruction jobs will fit under the
four categories the NDRRA provides for. That's why the government has announced
other programs like the $315 million local councils package and the $24.5
million Sports Fightback Fund which will pay for the reconstruction of water
treatment plants and community sporting facilities.

And yet, there'll be others that won't fit in any of the categories that's where
donations will make all the difference. As well making sure every dollar is best
spent in affected communities, the authority is also managing a donor-matching
program where pledges will be matched to communities most in need of help. But
we need your help to get it right. The reconstruction effort will be driven from
the ground up. You know your communities best and you understand your needs. So
stay engaged in the debate over ideas and suggestions and above all, put your
efforts into your community's recovery.

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BUL


                   Copyright 2011 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              405 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         Morning Star (Wilmington, NC)

                          September 30, 1999, Thursday

HURRICANE REPAIRS / Towns' infrastructure needs much greater now; Sewer systems
flooded; Small towns in need; What's an 'emergency'?

BYLINE: GREG RETSINAS, Raleigh Bureau Chief

SECTION: Front Page; Pg. 1A, 5A

LENGTH: 1069 words


RALEIGH - Six months ago, Oak Island learned it would receive state money to
upgrade its sewer system. The funds would come from the $ 1 billion bond issue
that North Carolina voters approved a year ago to shore up infrastructure around
the state.

Today, while officials in Oak Island wait for that grant money to come, they
face new costs to their water and sewer systems, the result of the devastation
caused by Hurricane Floyd to this island community.

"The water lines on the beach side where we suffered heavy property losses,
there may be problems associated there, and we may want to put in additional
sewer lines there. We typically don't budget a lot of money for storm damage,"
said Oak Island Town Manager Jerry Walters. Mr. Walters said the town would
likely apply for more relief through the state grants program.

The situation is the same in dozens of communities around the state. Already
faced with critical infrastructure needs before Floyd, the communities now have
much greater needs that threaten to outstrip the state's ability to provide
relief.

The result, say some state officials, is that a significant portion of the $ 1
billion in voter-approved bond money may end up being used to replace wastewater
and water treatment plants that were affected by the hurricane and its flooding.

State budget officials said this week they are exploring the legality of using
bond money, intended to pay for new infrastructure in needy areas, for
damage-related problems.

While the answer is still unresolved, state officials are gearing up for a wave
of requests from communities for money to fix their utility systems.

Sewer systems flooded

One thing is clear: The problem may be immense.

At least 24 wastewater treatment plants, all in eastern North Carolina, were
flooded by the hurricane, and state water quality inspectors said they have not
been able to inspect several other places where heavy flooding occurred.

And while water systems fared better, the damage estimates still range between $
10 million and $ 100 million, demonstrating just how murky the situation is.

"Some cities now have needs that are probably new, and we expect they will
revise their plans," said Bobby Blowe, chief of the state Division of Water
Quality's construction grants and loans section.

The billion-dollar bond was intended to pay for about $ 350 million worth of
grants for new wastewater and water systems, $ 200 million for new natural gas
lines, and the remainder split among loan programs and state rural initiatives.

In March, the state approved about $ 200 million of the water and waste|water
system grants, although the money has not yet been disbursed. The deadline for
the next round of grant applications was to be this week, but in the wake of
Floyd, state officials extended it until Nov. 30.

"Floyd has dramatically changed the scope of water supply and waste|water
projects that need to be addressed," said Bill Holman, secretary of the
Department of Environment and Natural Resources.

Small towns in need

For many eastern towns, the bond issue was considered a chance to try and level
the playing field with their urban counterparts. Bringing in gas lines and
replacing private wells and septic tanks were not intended to be a panacea, but
it would be crucial for any future economic development hopes, said regional
officials.

When voters were asked to approve the $ 1 billion bond measure last year, a
study by the Rural Economic Development Center in Raleigh estimated the actual
water and sewer system needs were around $ 11 billion over the next 20 years.

More than 50 communities are living under development restrictions because their
wastewater plants cannot handle additional capacity. Clay pipes installed 60
years ago are crumbling, the study found.

"This storm has exacerbated an already-bad situation," said Jean Crews-Klein of
the center.

The bond money should help some of those communities, Mr. Blowe said. Although
43 did receive grants earlier this year, nearly 200 other towns were rejected in
the application process, and officials expect Floyd to spur several other towns
to seek state aid.

"We're concerned about the small towns. They were already in need of great
financial assistance to upgrade their systems before this. The new challenge
will be just to bring some of them back up to the way they were," said Ellis
Hankins, executive director of the N.C. League of Municipalities, which
represents 520 towns.

What's an 'emergency'?

Emergency funding from the Federal Emergency Management Agency will defray some
of the damage costs and will give communities money to take steps to prevent
facilities from succumbing again, either by relocating or elevating plants.

But in some cases, the need may not meet emergency classifications and the
municipalities might have to go through the longer, more competitive state grant
process.

Take hard-hit Rocky Mount, for example. One of the city's two water plants was
submerged by floodwaters from the overflowing Tar River. But because the other
plant is still functioning, the city may be unable to apply for emergency
disaster aid and must instead seek long-term capital grants.

By next March, the water and sewer grant money raised by the bond issue will
likely be exhausted. It will be up to state lawmakers to decide where they will
find additional money to pay for Floyd's impact on water and wastewater
treatment plants that dot the state.

Lawmakers have held off on calling for a special session, and Gov. Jim Hunt is
waiting for more concrete damage tallies before making that recommendation. But
the bill will be steep.

And the infrastructure damage represents only a part of the total damage
estimate caused by a storm that left rivers flooded for two weeks. Some
emergency management officials have placed the total cost at more than $ 1.3
billion, which includes personal property losses.

Public damages, including roads, bridges, water and sewer lines and cleanup
costs, are still unknown. After Hurricane Fran, the General Assembly passed a $
150 million aid package, and it appears that at least that amount may be
required this time.

The state's contingency fund stands at $ 322 million, down by $ 200 million
because of the recent lawsuit that forced the state to repay intangibles taxes
to hundreds of thousands of North Carolinians.


LOAD-DATE: September 30, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Staff art / JOHN C. MURPHY (map)

                   Copyright 1999 Wilmington Star-News, Inc.


                              406 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 26, 2013 Friday

Senators Menendez, Chiesa Announce More Than $3 Million in Federal Sandy Relief
for Union County, Borough of Longport

LENGTH: 368  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Robert Menendez, U.S Government has issued the following
news release:

U.S. Senators Robert Menendez (D-NJ) and Jeff Chiesa (R-NJ) today announced
$3,034,907.35 in federal Sandy relief grants for Union County and the Borough of
Longport to reimburse costs incurred as a result of Superstorm Sandy. The grants
are provided by the Federal Emergency Management Agency's (FEMA) Public
Assistance grant program.

"Whether it's for a county government recouping cleanup costs, or a Jersey Shore
community repairing storm damage, every bit of Sandy relief moves New Jersey
forward in our recovery from the storm," said Senator Menendez, who helped lead
the New Jersey delegation in the fight for federal Sandy relief.  "I am very
glad to see this Sandy relief coming to Union County and the Borough of
Longport, and I will continue to fight for the federal resources we need to
continue the progress on our recovery."

"These dollars will go toward helping the communities of Union County and the
Borough of Longport so they may continue essential operations during the ongoing
recovery from Superstorm Sandy. I commend FEMA for their continued attention to
the New Jersey recovery and will work to provide our cities and towns with the
resources they desperately need," said Senator Chiesa.

The funding announced today includes $1,166,993.55 for Union County to reimburse
for costs associated with the loading, hauling, and disposal of debris.

An additional $1,867,913.80 has been granted to the Borough of Longport for the
repair of the Atlantic Ave. Point Jetty, the 11th Ave. Interior Jetty; the 11th
Ave. Terminal Groin.

In January, President Barack Obama signed the Superstorm Sandy Supplemental
Appropriations bill into law, bringing the total Sandy aid enacted by Congress
to $60.2 billion.  The funding package included federal aid to help homeowners,
businesses, and communities recover, and resources to rebuild coastal,
transportation, and water infrastructure.

Public Assistance grants are awarded by FEMA on a rolling basis after receiving
applications from the state, which coordinates the process with local
governments.

For further information please visit: http://www.menendez.senate.gov

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              407 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 3, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: Officials emphasize commitment to Flint after federal emergency
declaration expires

LENGTH: 1105  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: U.S. Environmental Protection Agency has issued the following news
release:



 Today, the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS), U.S.
Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), the State of Michigan and City of Flint
reaffirmed a continued commitment to restoring Flint's drinking water system and
support for Flint residents past the August 14 expiration date of the federal
emergency declaration.





 "I want to assure residents of Flint that the city, along with our federal and
state partners, will continue efforts to support Flint's recovery after the
federal declaration ends on the August 14," said City of Flint Mayor Karen
Weaver. "Filters, replacement cartridges and bottled water will continue to be
distributed at no charge.  Other support services that have been in put in place
will continue as well."



 "We remain as dedicated today to the Flint community's recovery as we were when
President Obama declared an emergency in January," explained HHS Assistant
Secretary for Preparedness and Response Dr. Nicole Lurie, who leads the
Administration's support efforts for Flint. "The many programs, services,
resources, and benefits now available in Flint do not depend on the declaration,
and they will continue for months and in some cases for years to come."



 On January 16, President Obama signed an Emergency Declaration authorizing the
Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) to provide water resources and relief
support to state and local response efforts. Since the President first
authorized FEMA to provide commodity support, FEMA has provided more than 20
million liters of water, more than 243,000 water filter replacement cartridges,
and 50,000 water and pitcher filters. The State of Michigan will assume
responsibility for the total cost of water supplies and will continue to provide
filters, replacement cartridges, bottled water, and at-home water testing kits
after the presidential emergency declaration ends on August 14th.



 "August 14 is just a date on the calendar, and as Governor Snyder has said, we
will make decisions based on science, not arbitrary dates," said Capt. Chris
Kelenske, Deputy State Director of Emergency Management and Homeland Security
and Commander of the MSP/EMHSD. "The state of Michigan's mission will continue
to ensure Flint residents have access to safe, clean drinking water. Until the
water meets quality standards, we will provide water supplies to Flint water
system customers at the water resource sites."



 Under the presidential declaration, the Federal Emergency Management Agency has
been providing water resource assistance under a 75 percent federal and 25
percent state cost share. After mid-August, the state of Michigan will be
responsible for 100 percent of the total cost of water supply purchases.  Aside
from the state of Michigan taking on additional costs, Flint residents will not
notice any loss of water emergency services.



 Since January, EPA has completed numerous rounds of water quality sampling and
undertaken a robust community outreach and engagement program. The EPA will
continue to sample Flint homes for lead in drinking water and monitor chlorine
in the system through at least December 2016.



 "Flint's water system has gone from the worst-monitored to the best monitored
in the nation, and our data shows that water quality is significantly moving in
the right direction, "said EPA Acting Regional Administrator Bob Kaplan. "But we
won't be at the finish line until testing can confirm that Flint residents are
receiving safe, clean drinking water."



 All of the nutrition, health care, and behavioral health programs also will
continue past August 14. For example, the Medicaid expansion, which will help
tens of thousands of individuals receive family coordination support services,
was approved for five years, and the state can renew the waiver. Additional
health care and behavioral health services are still available at the Genesee
Health System and Hamilton Community Health Network, and HHS-funded renovations
at Genesee Health System will support long-term improvements at the center for
years to come.



 Flint residents will have access to the U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA)
Summer Electronic Benefits Transfer program (EBT), through which more than
39,000 children in Flint and Genesee County, including children who receive free
and reduced-price meals during the school year or who live or attend school in
areas directly impacted by lead contamination, are eligible to receive a $30
benefit package each month this summer to purchase nutritious foods. Also
continuing is the Double Up Food Bucks program, which provides residents in the
Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) with an extra $20 per day to
buy fruits and vegetables year round.



 Starting in September for four months, USDA's The Emergency Food Assistance
Program, or TEFAP, will provide 14-pound nutrient-targeted food packages to more
than 17,000 Flint area TEFAP recipients. The packages, which will contain foods
rich in calcium, iron, and vitamin C, will supplement the regular packages that
eligible families currently receive.



 To aid in long-term economic recovery, the State of Michigan is using a U.S.
Department of Labor National Dislocated Worker Grant to provide temporary
employment for Flint residents to assist in recovery work, such as distribution
and installation of filters and replacement cartridges and water distribution at
points of distribution across the city. The goal is employ up to 400 workers in
these temporary positions and to provide career and training services to help
them find permanent work.



 Additionally, federal agencies are partnering with the City of Flint and
community organizations on critical recovery, community revitalization, and
economic projects, such as the transformation of the former manufacturing site
Chevy Commons into a museum and park. Beginning August 25, federal agencies will
host a series of community workshops to empower and inform residents on
important federal government resource programs.



 The City of Flint, the State of Michigan, EPA, and HHS continue to recommend
Flint residents drink filtered or bottled water. For more information, visit
www.epa.gov/flint.  For more information about the programs, services, and
benefits available to assist residents in recovering from the water crisis,
please visit www.flintcares.com  or call 2-1-1. Many of the materials are
available in Spanish, Arabic, and American Sign Language.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              408 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Daily Gazette (Sterling, Illinois)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             June 12, 2014 Thursday

Home repairs grant secured in Sterling

BYLINE: Pam Eggemeier, Daily Gazette, Sterling, Ill.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 246 words


June 12--STERLING -- The city has received a grant in the form of forgivable
loans to help a few local homeowners with emergency repairs.

The city has about $80,000 available through the Illinois Housing Development
Authority's Emergency Loan Assistance Program. The money is administered locally
through the Northwestern Illinois Housing Coalition.

Sterling just learned the money was available Wednesday afternoon, Mayor Skip
Lee said.

"We are looking for three or four homes, and we can spend up to $20,000 per
home," Lee said.

Examples of emergency repairs are roofs, windows, furnaces, and water heaters.

The loans are forgiven if the owners remain in the home for 5 years after the
work is completed.

To be eligible, the owners must live in the home, be at 80 percent or below the
area median income, and be current on real estate taxes and homeowner insurance.
In Whiteside County, 80 percent of the median income for a family of four would
be $46,650.

This is the first time Sterling has received assistance through this program,
Lee said.

"Not only are we helping our people have a better quality of life, but the
better our housing situation looks, the more attractive we are as a community to
developers," Lee said.

A preliminary application form to determine eligibility is available at the main
desk in City Hall, 212 Third Ave.

___ (c)2014 the Daily Gazette (Sterling, Ill.) Visit the Daily Gazette
(Sterling, Ill.) at www.saukvalley.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140612-YG-Home-repairs-grant-secured-in-Sterling-0612-20140612

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YG


                          Copyright 2014 Daily Gazette


                              409 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Royse City Herald-Banner (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            December 20, 2013 Friday

FEMA grant could bring new fire engine to RC department

BYLINE: Jim Hardin, Royse City Herald-Banner, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 314 words


Dec. 20--The Royse City Fire Department has submitted a grant application for
the purchase of a commercial fire engine that would cost the city only $26,001.

Fire Chief Richard Bell told the city council at its Dec. 10 meeting that the
fire engine with a five-man cab would cost $260,011. If Royse City is awarded
the FEMA Assistance to Firefighters Grant, the city's share would be 10 percent.

If Royse City is awarded the grant, the new fire truck would be delivered four
to six months after the award date.

The city council also made appointments to various boards and commissions.

The appointments included Mary Johnson, Larry Lott and Bobby Gladu, Main Street
Board; Xavier Cortez, Michael Huggins, Frank Nemeth, Harvey Lossier, Council
Liaison Janet Nichol, Royse City Independent School District Ex-Officio David
Carter and a nominee from James Branch to be noted at a later date, Parks Board;
Dr. Rhonda Phillips, Lyndsey Weaver, Omar Nerio, Bryan Jackson, Alan Potter,
Jaime Torrez and Mary Johnson, Animal Shelter Board; Phillip Haggard, Wayne
Johnson, Xavier Cortez and Russell Flanigan, Planning and Zoning Commission; and
Charles Houk, Dena Elder and Bobby Gladu, Community Development Corporation.

Among other action, the city council also:

--Authorized the city manager to amend the BHP Water Supply contract to allow
water sales to continue for the remainder of the fiscal year.

--Appointed Specialized Public Finance Inc. to serve as financial advisor for
the city.

--Authorized hiring a part-time employee who would primarily provide assistance
to City Secretary Brenda Craft. The plan is to hire a high school student for
the job. The employee would work no more than 10 hours per week.

___ (c)2013 the Royse City Herald-Banner (Royse City, Texas) Visit the Royse
City Herald-Banner (Royse City, Texas) at www.roysecityheraldbanner.com
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20131220-RB-FEMA-grant
-could-bring-new-fire-engine-to-RC-department-1220-20131220

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RB


                    Copyright 2013 Royse City Herald-Banner


                              410 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Philadelphia Daily News

                             March 31, 2014 Monday
                                 FINAL Edition

Nonprofit offers utility assistance after moratorium date

BYLINE: BY NAVEED AHSAN; Daily News Staff Writer ahsann@phillynews.com,
215-854-5904

SECTION: LOCAL; P-com Biggie News Update; Pg. 04

LENGTH: 311 words


TOMORROW'S April Fools' Day also marks the end of a winterlong moratorium on
utility shutoffs for cash-strapped Philadelphians - but a local nonprofit says
it can still help residents behind on their bills.

Officials said the Utility Emergency Service Fund will still be able to aid
delinquent customers seeking to keep the lights and the heat on, and the water
running.

For the past 30 years, the nonprofit has been providing assistance to customers
with high utility bills. Since then, the fund has prevented water shutoffs for
more than 160,000 Philadelphia customers of PECO, Philadelphia Gas Works and the
Philadelphia Water Department.

To be accepted for a grant, applicants must meet income guidelines and be
residents of Philadelphia. Those who are in need of assistance may visit one of
18 intake sites.

"This winter has been particularly bad for low-income families," executive
director John Rowe said. "Many have to decide whether to pay for basic
necessities like food or pay for heat."

The leading cause of homelessness is the inability to pay utilities, Rowe said.
Between July 2012 and July 2013, the fund served move than 6,500 individuals and
97 percent of them were able to stay in their homes.

Rowe said the fund is expecting to help roughly the same number of people this
year.

"The demand is incredible. We never see an end to assistance," Rowe said.

Every grant dollar is matched by PECO, PGW or the Water Department. A grant of
$250, for example, is actually worth $500 in aid.

Funding comes from individual donations, corporate sponsorships, and the
Community Development Block Grant.

"These families are in danger of having their utilities ended," Rowe said.

"We want these families to know that we have the funds right now to help you."

Consumers interested in aid should call the fund at 215-972-5170 or contact them
online at uesfacts.org.


LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              411 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                           August 18, 2010 Wednesday

Japan extends US $ 10 million additional grant for flood victims

LENGTH: 226  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, Aug. 18 -- The Government of Japan has decided

to extend additional emergency grant of up to US$ 10 million

to Pakistan in response to the disastrous floods caused by the

heavy monsoon rains in the country.

This decision has been taken, upon request from the

Government of Pakistan and the UN's Initial Floods Emergency

Response Plan announced on Aug 11, says a statement issued by

the Embassy of Japan here on Tuesday.

This emergency grant is in addition to the US$ 3 million

grant aid which was announced on Aug 3 and had already been

provided to several UN agencies for the provision of food and

drinking water in the flood affected areas.

The Government of Japan has also provided emergency relief

goods for the flood victims in Pakistan worth US$ 240,000 that

included tents, dewatering plants, water purifiers and water

tanks.

Japan Platform, a tripartite cooperation mechanism between

the Government of Japan, the Japanese business community and the

Non-Governmental Organizations (NGO's), last week, also decided to

provide emergency relief assistance worth US$ 1,200,000.

In total, Japan has contributed around US$ 14.4 million for

flood disaster in Pakistan Published by HT Syndication with permission from
Right Vision News. For any query with respect to this article or any other
content requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              412 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                 Agencia de Informacao de Mocambique (English)

                                August 03, 2016

Japan Donates 2.7 Million Dollars for Food Aid

LENGTH: 490 words

DATELINE: Maputo


The Japanese government on Tuesday announced that it is donating 2.7 million US
dollars to Mozambique in response to the severe drought that has hit the south
and centre of the country.

The Japanese Ministry of Foreign Affairs explained that it had decided to extend
5 million dollars of emergency aid to Southern Africa through the United Nations
World Food Programme (WFP) in response to food shortages. It added, "this
emergency grant aid is to provide food and nutrition support to Mozambique,
Malawi, Lesotho and Swaziland, in the light of serious humanitarian needs such
as food shortages and malnutrition caused by the El Nino phenomenon".

The El Nino weather phenomena is characterised by an abnormal warming of the
surface waters of the Pacific Ocean and has a significant effect on weather
around the world. In Mozambique, it is associated with a lack of rain during
what is the wettest part of the year- January to March.

In a statement, the Japanese Embassy in Maputo wrote, "the government expresses
its solidarity with the Mozambican people and, with this food aid, hopes to
improve the nutritional status of the population located in areas hit by this
phenomenon'.

According to the National Disaster Management Institute (INGC), at least 1.5
million Mozambicans are suffering from food insecurity and a lack of water for
human consumption and livestock.

International relief agencies have warned of the urgent need for humanitarian
assistance due to the worst drought that has hit the country in 35 years.

On Monday, the European Union and Austrian Development Cooperation announced
that they are giving 1.6 million euros (just under 1.8 million dollars) to a
consortium of international non-governmental organisations working in Mozambique
to tackle hunger and build resilience to climate change.

The funds will be spent by a consortium known as COSACA, which consists of the
international humanitarian organisations CARE, Concern Worldwide, Save the
Children and Oxfam. COSACA aims to ensure that 500,000 people have access to
food and safe water and to help communities become more resilient in the face of
climate change. Among the measures introduced will be the provision of
drought-tolerant seeds with shorter growing cycles.

Last week, the Southern African Development Community (SADC) declared a regional
disaster and launched an appeal for 2.4 billion dollars to assist the millions
of people hit by drought. It estimates that the number of food-insecure people
in the SADC region is about 40 million, which is 14 per cent of the total
population. Of this number, an estimated 23 million people are in urgent need of
humanitarian assistance.

Six SADC states have declared national drought emergencies - Botswana, Lesotho,
Malawi, Namibia, Swaziland and Zimbabwe. In addition, South Africa has declared
an emergency in eight of its nine provinces, and Mozambique has declared a red
alert in its southern and central provinces.

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              413 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                   Daily Examiner (Grafton, New South Wales)

                             April 13, 2009 Monday

IN BRIEF

SECTION: Pg. 5

LENGTH: 245  words

Man dies as he tries to save girls

A BEACH swim turned to tragedy when a man died after attempting to save his
sister and a friend as they struggled in surf on the Far North Coast yesterday.

Shortly after 2pm, a 14-year-old girl went swimming at an unpatrolled beach at
New Brighton, near Ocean Shores, and apparently became caught in a rip. A second
14-year-old girl tried to help her friend but also began to struggle.

The 35-year-old brother of one of the girls then entered the water and also
encountered problems in the turbulent waters.

A number of people walking along the beach noticed the trio signalling for
assistance and helped them from the water.

The man was dragged onto the shore where two passing nurses commenced
resuscitation until an ambulance arrived but despite the assistance he died at
the scene. One of the girls was treated at hospital then released and the other
was not injured.

Seed grants available

APPLICATIONS are now available for community groups, volunteer organisations and
health providers for seeding grants of up to $10,000 to improve community-based
support for women with breast cancer in rural, regional and remote areas of
Australia. More information is available at www.nbocc.org.au/pinkponyor by
calling National Breast and Ovarian Cancer Centre on 02 9357 9414. Applications
close May 13.

Full rate cut passed on

SUMMERLAND Credit Union has again passed on the full 0.25 per cent interest rate
cut made by the Reserve Bank of Australia.

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EDE


                    Copyright 2009 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              414 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    The Blairsville Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 20, 2013 Saturday

Indiana County commissioners approve loan for Homer City distillery

BYLINE: Greg Reinbold, The Blairsville Dispatch, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 835 words


July 20--The craft distillery that made waves in Homer City prior to an
amendment to the borough's zoning code prompted an unusual moment of dissension
at the July 10 meeting of the Indiana County Commissioners.

Disobedient Spirits, LLC, the distillery co-owned by Indiana University of
Pennsylvania geography professor Bob Sechrist and his retired colleague Bob
Begg, was recommended by the county's Office of Planning and Development for a
$35,000 loan through the Indiana County Revolving Loan Fund.

Commissioner David Frick remarked on the distillery's Main Street location
adjacent to Homer City United Methodist Church, which hosts weekly Celebrate
Recovery meetings on Thursday evenings for individuals struggling with substance
abuse, addictions and other challenges.

"It's interesting to me that this business is being established right beside a
church in Homer City, if I'm not mistaken," Frick said.

The motion to award Disobedient Spirits the 42-month loan with a fixed interest
rate of 2.75 percent passed 2-1, without Frick's support.

Commissioners Chairman Rodney Ruddock noted the distillery plan has stirred some
controversy, but he said the planning commission and borough council of Homer
City have scrutinized and voted on the issue.

"We are simply providing the opportunity for (Disobedient Spirits) to secure
some additional dollars for a business, much like any other business in Indiana
County, that would provide a service and draw employment into the community," he
said.

The loan will partially fund equipment and inventory and the distillery will
create two full-time jobs, according to the Office of Planning and Development.
Sechrist said he hopes the business will be operating and producing vodka and
whiskey for retail sale by June or July of 2014.

The commissioners offered unanimous support to the Indiana University of
Pennsylvania Research Institute in its application for a Justice Assistance
Grant through the Pennsylvania Commission on Crime and Delinquency.

The grant would allow the institute to purchase an $85,000 mobile firearms
training simulator, which would be used by the university's Police Training
Academy and Army ROTC program as well as campus police and other law enforcement
groups.

"It will be a mobile system, so they'll be able to pack it up in the trunks of
their vehicles and take it to another police station, another academy across the
country, and hopefully train in excess of about 1,000 cadets," said IUP Research
Institute senior grant and contract specialist Tracy Eisenhower. "We have
partnership letters of agreements signed by Carnegie Mellon, another university
in Pittsburgh and the local police departments, including campus police."

The institute needed a jurisdiction waiver from the county commissioners,
Eisenhower said, because the grants are usually awarded to municipalities and
local governments rather than universities.

"They want to make sure that the local government is in favor of the purchase
and use of such a piece of equipment," she explained.

The commissioners approved private provider contracts with 11 agencies used by
Children and Youth Services on an as-needed basis and the county's contract with
IndiGo

The Indiana County Emergency Management Agency will spend $124,850 in budgeted
funds for SBM Electronics, Inc. to upgrade the county's analog recording system
to digital.

The commissioners approved one-year contracts with IndiGo to provide medical
assistance transportation and Indiana County Community Action Program to provide
rental assistance services, homeless case management, bridge housing and
emergency shelter services.

The accessibility project at the Burrell Township Volunteer Fire Department
building gained priority status after commissioners voted to approve
reallocating $68,000 of the township's Community Development Block Grant funds
to the project. The funds were originally slated for a water line extension
project in Fairfield Heights.

The Office of Planning and Development recommended making the accessibility
project a higher priority because the building is used as an emergency disaster
center and a polling location for elections. The handicap ramp into the building
has deteriorated.

The commissioners also approved a contract amendment extending the termination
date of Indiana Regional Medical Center's $1.75-million Redevelopment Assistance
Capital Program grant by one year, to July 31, 2014.

The commissioners appointed Milt Lady to the Local Emergency Planning Commission
to serve the remainder of a term to expire Feb. 2014 and appointed Linda Schell
and Gail Steck to terms on the Tri-County Workforce Investment Board expiring
Sept. 30, 2013 and Sept. 30, 2014, respectively.

Greg Reinbold is a staff writer for Trib Total Media. He can be reached at
724-459-6100, ext. 2913 or greinbold@tribweb.com

___ (c)2013 The Blairsville Dispatch (Blairsville, Pa.) Visit The Blairsville
Dispatch (Blairsville, Pa.) at www.pittsburghlive.com/x/blairsvilledispatch
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20130720-DH-Indiana-County-commissioners-approve-loan-for-Homer-City-distillery-
0720-20130720

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DH


                    Copyright 2013 The Blairsville Dispatch


                              415 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                           October 20, 1994, Thursday

Farm ponds to provide water for firefighting

BYLINE: By Rick Minter STAFF WRITER

SECTION: EXTRA; Section M; Page 2

LENGTH: 419 words


More than 25 farm ponds in rural Fayette County soon will become readily
available sources of water for fighting fires. The Fayette County Fire
Department is installing dry hydrants, which are large plastic pipes with one
end submerged in the water and the other waiting to be hooked to a fire truck
during an emergency.

The hydrants are being installed in areas where there are no county water lines
and will drastically reduce the time spent hauling water to fires, according to
Fayette Fire Lt. David Scarbrough.

"We're not nearly as efficient [fighting fires] when we're having to shuttle
water," Scarbrough said. "If the house is within 1,500 feet of the hydrant, we
can pump water directly to the fire. And even if we have to shuttle water, the
travel time will greatly improve."

Homeowners living near the new hydrants also should see about a $ 100 decrease
in yearly fire insurance premiums, according to local insurance agents.

Firefighters say the time saved makes dry hydrants well worth the $ 600 cost,
which is being covered by a grant through the federal Resource and Conservation
Development program. That program uses funds from penalties imposed on petroleum
companies for overpricing oil in the 1970s.

The new set-up also will reduce the possibility of instances in which
firefighters run out of water, like two years ago when a home on Sandy Lake
Circle in north Fayette burned to the ground.

"The saddest part about that was the house was next to a lake, but we had no way
to get water from it," Scarbrough said, adding that one of the hydrants being
installed will be next to that home, which has been rebuilt.

Fire officials are encouraging residents who live away from county water lines
and have a pond on their property to consider putting in their own hydrant, even
if there is no grant money available to pay for it.

"I think hydrants will pay for themselves in a few years through savings on
homeowners insurance, and you'll get better fire protection," Scarbrough said.

Coweta fire officials once used dry hydrants, but have abandoned the concept.

"When you draft out of a dry hydrant, you get mud in the system and tear up more
impellers and seals than it's worth," said Battalion Chief Morgan Couch, adding
that the department also had problems with vandals shooting holes in the piping.

Ken Gran, a conservationist with the U.S. Soil Conservation Service, which is
helping install Fayette's hydrants, said Coweta's problems are due to improper
installation.

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH942960112

GRAPHIC: Color Photo: (Appeared on M/01 with reference to this M/02 story) Alan
Head (left) and David Scarbrough install pipes that will be used by Fayetteville
firefighters to draw muster from a pond to fight rural fires. / Johnny Crawford
/ Staff Photo: Mack Mincie uses a backhoe to dig a ditch for pipes to carry
water from a pond. / Johnny Crawford / Staff

                    Copyright 1994 The Atlanta Constitution


                              416 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                             June 21, 2005 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Drumheller dodges flood disaster: A log jam on the Little Red Deer River stopped
much of the water headed for town

BYLINE: Emma Poole and Deborah Tetley, Calgary Herald and Edmonton Journal

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 597  words

DATELINE: DRUMHELLER, Alta.


DRUMHELLER, Alta. -- Drumheller may have dodged disaster Monday as flood waters
that were expected to rush into the area instead slowly wound their way through
the town.

Officials admitted they received a major break after a log jam on the Little Red
Deer River stopped a good portion of the flow headed toward the town of 8,800,
located about 130 kilometres northeast of Calgary.

"We are going to have flooding, it's just a matter of how widespread it's going
to be," Environment Minister Guy Boutilier.

More than 3,000 people in Drumheller left their homes Sunday in anticipation of
mass flooding described by authorities as the biggest disaster to hit the area
in a century.

In total, 16 Alberta municipalities remained in states of emergency Monday with
communities in Calgary and to the south and west taking stock of massive
damages, while regions to the east and north braced for a deluge.

In Calgary, about two-thirds of the 431 properties evacuated from the city's
riverside communities were expected to again be habitable by midnight on Monday.

In Edmonton, officials declared a state of emergency as residents in low-lying
neighbourhoods kept a close eye on the rising waters of the North Saskatchewan
River. However, many were confident the river would not jump its banks.

And officials in Saskatchewan also issued a flood warning for residents along
the Saskatchewan River, which was expected to experience record levels.

In Ottawa, politicians quibbled over federal flood aid, with Deputy Prime
Minister Anne McLellan saying it's up to Alberta -- not Ottawa -- to decide
whether federal flood assistance dollars will start flowing.

"The province submits their receipts and claims to us, we assess them and the
dollars flow," said McLellan, an Edmonton-based MP. "[But] no request has been
made."

McLellan's comments came as Conservative MPs criticized Ottawa Monday for
failing to respond to the emergency, and for ignoring the flood-ravaged
province.

"The real question is where are the feds?" said Tory MP Lee Richardson, whose
Calgary riding includes the overflowing Bow and Elbow Rivers and is among the
worst-hit areas.

"If this was happening in central Canada, the prime minister would have been
there 20 minutes later."

Alberta and Saskatchewan, both battling their worst floods in recent memory, are
eligible for millions in federal assistance money, with Ottawa covering as much
as 90 cents of every relief dollar spent.

The federal assistance program, used after the 2003 B.C. forest fires, the 1998
Quebec Ice Storm and the 1997 Red River flood in Manitoba, helps provinces
rebuild after disasters.

In Drumheller, authorities estimated the water would reach the top of the
Dickson Dam, upriver from the town, by noon Monday, topping out at roughly 1,500
cubic metres per second -- 500 less than forecasted.

Workers had been slowly letting water out of the dam since last week in
anticipation of increased water levels.

"I think we have a good feel for what's happening," said town official Ray
Romanetz. "Everyone recognizes it's still a serious situation."

Hundreds of evacuees spent Monday eagerly awaiting news of their homes after the
Red Deer River steadily rose overnight and into the afternoon.

Many were confident the river wouldn't wreak the havoc it did during the
devastating flood of 1986. That year, some 400 Edmonton homes were damaged after
the river rose over its banks.

"Unless it does a real tidal wave, I don't think it's going to be that bad,"
Rebecca Ings said. "The last time we had very little warning. It came up quite
fast and it was quite frightening."

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Grant Black, CanWest News Service; Volunteers fill and load sandbags at a
public works yard in Drumheller, fighting the rising waters.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2005 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest Global Communications
                                     Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              417 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                        San Bernardino Sun (California)

                              July 30, 2004 Friday

Redlands plans for disaster

BYLINE: JOE NELSON, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 537 words


REDLANDS - This city will likely be the first in the county and state to have a
plan submitted to the Governor's Office of Emergency Services on how it will
address the impacts of natural disasters.

The local hazard mitigation plan enables the city to remain eligible for federal
funds should Redlands be hit with a catastrophic flood, fire or earthquake.

"Redlands has been a leader in the state as far as a city of our size goes,'
said Mary Petite, city cost recovery/community development block grant
administrator.

In accordance with a change in 2000 to the federal Robert T. Stafford Disaster
Relief and Emergency Assistance Act, local governments must submit a local
hazard mitigation plan, approved by the Federal Emergency Management Agency, to
the state by Nov. 1 to remain eligible for federal disaster relief funding.

The city should have its preliminary draft of the plan submitted by Wednesday,
and then make any changes recommended by the state Office of Emergency Services
before submitting it to the Department of Homeland Security for final comment,
likely on or about Aug. 20.

To facilitate the drafting of the plan, the city organized the Disaster
Council/Local Mitigation Plan Committee in September. It is composed of city
officials, volunteers, and other civic and public agencies and institutions to
identify which disasters the city is most vulnerable to and the areas of the
city that would be the hardest hit.

Floods were determined to be the most likely to cause the city problems,
followed by fire and then earthquakes, Petite said.

"Those were identified by the committee over a period of eight months. We
explored those risks and tried to get a handle on the history of those
[disasters],' Petite said.

For example, Petite cited a flood in the city in September 1976 that lasted 20
minutes and caused about $2 million in damage to downtown Redlands. It destroyed
a community pool at Sylvan Park.

"The water came down the Zanja at such rapidity it filled the pool with mud,'
Petite said. "Somewhere underneath Sylvan Park today is a swimming pool that
used to be called The Plunge.'

The deluge also left locker bays at Redlands High School in 2 feet of water and
the car lot at Hatfield Buick on Redlands Boulevard overflowing.

"It was like a river right down Redlands Boulevard,' said Petite. "We haven't
had [a flood] of that intensity since then.'

The city has been participating in the hazard mitigation grant program since
1993. Throughout those 11 years, the city has received funding for several
projects including one that provides money to homeowners living in San Timoteo
Canyon and along the canyon rim to purchase drought and fire resistant plants to
better protect their homes from a wildland fire.

San Timoteo Canyon was determined by the Disaster Council/Local Mitigation Plan
Committee to pose the biggest fire threat, McKee said.

A plan was previously launched and subsequently approved to create a hiking and
equestrian trail in the canyon serving as a secondary fire break, McKee said.

Before the trail is built, city and public safety officials must iron out
environmental and wildlife issues with the Department of Fish and Game, McKee
said.

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2004 MediaNews Group, Inc.


                              418 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                            November 30, 2008 Sunday
                            Neighbors North Edition

Help available to weather the winter cold

BYLINE: MIMI PACIFICO - CORRESPONDENT

SECTION: NEIGHBORS; Pg. 2N

LENGTH: 621  words


You might be the kind of person who waits for hurricane warnings before getting
serious about stocking up on emergency supplies. If so, you probably also wait
for the weatherman to say a freeze is coming before taking measures to protect
against loss of plants or frozen pipes.

If, on the other hand, you are proactive, and try to be prepared if the sudden
dip in the temperature threatens, now is the time to winterize your home. It is
likely to save money, time and discomfort.

Volusia County has already had some cold fronts move through. Perhaps you have
even wished you hadn't waited this long.

Even if you don't think this applies to you, perhaps your parents, another
family member or an acquaintance might benefit from a reminder to take some
precautions.

In the current economic situation, this winter is apt to be harder on more
people than in past years. Everything that can give them a boost, or increase
their options is worth considering. Weather stripping, door sealers,
air-conditioner covers and insulation for outdoor faucets and pipes can all help
protect your home from the cold.

Attic insulation will serve as a protective blanket, keeping the cool outside
air where it belongs, outside.

While most weatherization improvements for Florida are relatively inexpensive,
they may still be beyond the means of seniors living on a fixed income.

Fortunately, Florida, in partnership with the federal government, offers
programs that can help limited-income elders protect their homes against the
elements or fend off a true energy-related emergency.

The Weatherization Assistance Program helps low-income residents cut their
utility bills by providing home repairs to eliminate drafts in a home. The
program assists by installing wall, ceiling and floor insulation, replacing
inefficient heating and cooling units and water heaters, and performing other
minor home repairs.

The program, which is administered by the Florida Department of Community
Affairs, give priority to elderly residents, among others.

The Low-Income Home Energy Assistance Program, or LI-HEAP, provides grants to
local governments and nonprofit agencies to pay energy bills for eligible
low-income consumers. The program has three categories of assistance -- home
energy assistance, crisis assistance and weather-related/supply shortage
assistance.

There are limits on how many times a year assistance can by provided. The
program is also administered by the Department of Community Affairs.

Apply for either of these programs through designated community providers. A
list of providers for the Weatherize Assistance and LI- HEAP is available on
line through dca.state.fl.us. The Emergency Home Energy Assistance for the
Elderly Program is administered by the Department of Elder Affairs. It helps
low-income households, with at least one person 60 or older, when they
experience a home energy emergency such as a lack of fuel or firewood or the
termination of service due to delinquent utility bills.

The program may also help purchase blankets and portable heaters, repair
existing heating equipment and pay reconnection fees.

More information on eligibility requirements is available from your local Area
Agency on Aging, which can be reached through the Elder Helpline toll-free at
800-963-5337.

In Volusia, the contact is Patricia James, 386-736-5956.

To receive more helpful tips for seniors, you may easily apply for your free
subscription to Elder Update by sending your full name, full street address,
city, state, ZIP code, county and date with your signature to Department of
Elder Affairs Elder Update, 4040 Esplanade Way, Tallahassee, FL 32399-7000.
Allow eight to 10 weeks to receive your first issue.

Contact the writer at merimac2005@gmail.com

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



CORRECTION:

JOURNAL-CODE: DBNJ

                Copyright 2008 ProQuest Information and Learning
                              All Rights Reserved
                               ProQuest SuperText
                    Copyright 2008 News-Journal Corporation


                              419 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 Moree Champion

                                  May 26, 2014

Grant to help with floods clean up

SECTION: COMMUNITY

LENGTH: 460  words


MINISTER for Finance and Services, Dominic Perrottet, and Member for Barwon,
Kevin Humphries, have made a grant offer of close to a million dollars to the
Moree Plains Shire Council.

The funding will assist with emergency and restoration works following flooding
in 2012 and 2013 after the Gillard Government had previously announced it would
provide additional Commonwealth support for employees, small businesses and
farmers who had lost income as a direct result of the floods crisis.

Mr Perrottet said the grant would help to reimburse council for the recovery
efforts following the two severe weather events.

'The two flooding events caused substantial damage throughout the area,
particularly to roads and other public infrastructure,' he said.

'This grant helps reimburse Moree council for the emergency recovery works
conducted to repair council assets that were damaged as a result of flooding.'

Mr Humphries said he welcomed the announcement.

'This grant means that council and residents aren't financially burdened by the
costs of emergency and restoration works that were required as a result of
flooding,' he said.

'The flooding left in its wake a fair amount of debris strewn throughout the
area, and as a result there was significant damage to council-owned storm water
and drainage assets.

'Around $318,000 of the funding will go towards helping to repair drainage
systems on Tycannah Street, Urallie Close, Greenbah West and Victoria Terrace in
Moree.

'Recreational facilities were also left a little worse for wear after the
floods, and this grant offer will help with covering the costs of repairing the
play equipment at Kirkby Park, and also the cricket pitch on Ron Harborne Oval.'

The NSW Government's Natural Disaster Relief Assistance Program provides
financial assistance to local governments for the restoration of eligible
council assets damaged by declared natural disasters.

Mr Perrottet said the local government assets component of the natural disaster
relief arrangements is administered by NSW Public Works, a division of the
Office of Finance and Services.

'In the past three financial years, more than $37 million in NSW Government
grants has been made to councils to cover the costs of emergency works and
damage to council-owned assets across the state,' he said.

'This is in addition to the financial assistance administered by the Roads and
Maritime Services for damage to council roads and bridges.'

Under an agreement with the Australian Government, NSW pays for the first $140.5
million of natural disaster infrastructure costs each year.

Federal Member for Parkes, Mark Coulton said the Australian Government matches
NSW expenditure for costs between $140 million and $245.6 million and beyond
that covers three quarters of all costs.

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2014 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              420 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Forbes Advocate

                             October 7, 2016 Friday
                           Internet & Print Editions

At the mayor's desk

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 373 words


On Tuesday, Minister for Roads, Maritime and Freight, the Hon Duncan Gay MLC
visited Forbes to inspect our roads, including sections of the Newell Highway
that have been affected by floodwater.

We had a very positive meeting with him and then within two days of him coming
to Forbes, he, along with Deputy Premier Troy Grant, announced funding of $1
million for Council to start repairing our rural road network.

This is such great news for Council and we are working with the State Government
to provide a better outcome for our rural roads.

Once the water recedes, we will know exactly how much damage has been done. I
know some of our roads have been closed for quite some time and we appreciate
your patience as we wait for the water to recede.

Yesterday Deputy Premier Troy Grant visited Forbes and Condobolin to see how
each community is coping during this difficult period and he received a briefing
on how the recovery process is coming along by our Recovery Coordinator Dave
Owens.

I must stress to all of our farmers who have been affected by the floods to
report their losses by calling 1300 795 299, emailing emergency
.centralwest@lls.gov.au or visiting the local branch of Local Land Services.

These include agricultural losses, including fencing, crops and stranded,
injured or deceased livestock.

All of the agencies involved with the flood response and recovery are working
tirelessly to respond to the needs of the community and are doing a wonderful
job.

Information on the assistance available in response to this disaster is
available at disasterassist.gov.au and emergency.nsw.gov.au

On Wednesday afternoon, Riverina MP Michael McCormack and Regional Development
Minister Senator Fiona Nash were in Parkes to announce the recipients of the
National Stronger Regions Fund, one of which I am very pleased to say was the
Forbes Central West Livestock Exchange.

Council has received $1.5 million to extend the cattle selling centre and we are
very grateful to have received this funding.

The extensions will not only be of great benefit to Forbes but our whole region.

I thank our Grants Officer Andrew Rawsthorne for his persistence in submitting
the application and I know he is very pleased we have been successful.

Mayor

Graeme Miller

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2016 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              421 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Forbes Advocate

                             October 7, 2016 Friday
                           Internet & Print Editions

At the mayor's desk

LENGTH: 373 words


On Tuesday, Minister for Roads, Maritime and Freight, the Hon Duncan Gay MLC
visited Forbes to inspect our roads, including sections of the Newell Highway
that have been affected by floodwater.

We had a very positive meeting with him and then within two days of him coming
to Forbes, he, along with Deputy Premier Troy Grant, announced funding of $1
million for Council to start repairing our rural road network.

This is such great news for Council and we are working with the State Government
to provide a better outcome for our rural roads.

Once the water recedes, we will know exactly how much damage has been done. I
know some of our roads have been closed for quite some time and we appreciate
your patience as we wait for the water to recede.

Yesterday Deputy Premier Troy Grant visited Forbes and Condobolin to see how
each community is coping during this difficult period and he received a briefing
on how the recovery process is coming along by our Recovery Coordinator Dave
Owens.

I must stress to all of our farmers who have been affected by the floods to
report their losses by calling 1300 795 299, emailing emergency
.centralwest@lls.gov.au or visiting the local branch of Local Land Services.

These include agricultural losses, including fencing, crops and stranded,
injured or deceased livestock.

All of the agencies involved with the flood response and recovery are working
tirelessly to respond to the needs of the community and are doing a wonderful
job.

Information on the assistance available in response to this disaster is
available at disasterassist.gov.au and emergency.nsw.gov.au

On Wednesday afternoon, Riverina MP Michael McCormack and Regional Development
Minister Senator Fiona Nash were in Parkes to announce the recipients of the
National Stronger Regions Fund, one of which I am very pleased to say was the
Forbes Central West Livestock Exchange.

Council has received $1.5 million to extend the cattle selling centre and we are
very grateful to have received this funding.

The extensions will not only be of great benefit to Forbes but our whole region.

I thank our Grants Officer Andrew Rawsthorne for his persistence in submitting
the application and I know he is very pleased we have been successful.

Mayor

Graeme Miller

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2016 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              422 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Idaho Business Review (Boise, ID)

                               February 23, 2009

Idaho Gov. Otter wants time to study stimulus funds

BYLINE: IBR Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1363  words


Gov. C.L. "Butch" Otter issued an executive order  that will give him more than
a month to review how Idaho can best spend its share of the $789 billion federal
stimulus plan signed earlier that day by President Barack Obama.

The governor asked state agencies to submit information by March 4 on how they
anticipate using the money. He will also appoint a "stimulus executive
committee" to make recommendations by March 19.

The Center for American Progress estimates that a total of $2.46 billion in
federal spending and tax cuts will reach Idaho from the American Recovery and
Reinvestment Plan. The White House estimates this will create 17,000 jobs in the
state.

"There remain a lot of unknowns here," Otter said in a statement. "It will take
a lot of work to get our arms around all the implications of this law. We need
to make sure safeguards are in place and that every 'i' is dotted and 't' is
crossed. This is taxpayer money, and all of us are committed to seeing it used
in the most effective and efficient way possible. "

The executive order says priority will be given to federal funds allocated for
one-time projects and for reducing the need for general fund dollars over the
next couple years without increasing future spending obligations.

Otter has 45 days to submit a request to the federal government.

"I appreciate the governor's leadership, and the meticulous way all the
implications of this complex federal law are being evaluated," said Sen. Dean
Cameron, R-Rupert and co-chairman of the Legislature's budget-setting Joint
Finance-Appropriations Committee, in the statement. "The way we are working
together on this issue should give all Idahoans a lot of confidence that we are
doing it right. "

"There remain a lot of unknowns here," Otter said in a statement. "It will take
a lot of work to get our arms around all the implications of this law. "

In his executive order, Otter said that priority would be given to federal money
allocated for one-time projects or reducing the need for state spending in the
next few years.

Wayne Hammon, Otter's budget chief, and David Hensley, his legal counsel, will
be on the committee. Others weren't named.

After meeting with the Republican governor Feb. 17, legislative leaders said
that regardless of how the state uses its share, they tentatively plan to stick
with the 6 percent spending cut already ordered by Otter for the current fiscal
year.

"There is a perception that this is going to balance our budget," Sen. Dean
Cameron, R-Rupert and co-chairman of the Joint Finance-Appropriation Committee,
said of the stimulus package's effect. "It's not. "

What's more, proposed cuts to state- and federal-funded Medicaid health
insurance programs for Idaho's poor will likely not be restored to previous
levels, even with the new federal money, said Cameron and Rep. Maxine Bell, the
committee's co-chair.

"We're not planning on revisiting those budgets," said Bell, R-Jerome. "The
trimming that was made still left a very viable program. "

Instead, she and Cameron said Idaho would likely use the stimulus package's
higher federal match to state Medicaid spending to shift money to state agencies
that don't stand to directly benefit from the federal aid.

Cameron also said public education's share of the money may be short of the $346
million estimated by Superintendent of Public Instruction Tom Luna. That means
that while Idaho likely won't have to use about $80 million of its public
education reserve account for the current fiscal year, money for education will
still be tight in fiscal year 2010.

"I can't stand here and honestly say public education will be held harmless,"
Cameron said.

Melissa McGrath, a spokeswoman for Luna, said her office is sticking by its
estimate, but conceded numbers may change as more details emerge.

Senate Minority Leader Kate Kelly, D-Boise, said Democrats met with Otter
Tuesday and support his plan to assess how _ and how much _ to use federal
stimulus money.

"I think there needs to be a deliberative process," Kelly said, adding that it's
too early to say what the effect of the stimulus will be on Idaho's budget.
"It's probably premature to start talking about that. "

Department of Health and Welfare spokesman Tom Shanahan said that agency also is
reviewing how the plan could affect Medicaid.

All four members of Idaho's congressional delegation voted against the stimulus
package, saying it expanded the U.S. debt without having the necessary long-term
stimulative effect. On Feb. 17, U.S. Sen. Mike Crapo, R-Idaho, urged state
lawmakers to use caution with their share.

"I encourage you, as you deal with this largesse that's going to be coming your
way, that you pay very close attention to what it will do with your base ...
budget," Crapo told the state Senate during a speech.

Even so, that didn't him from pointing out Idaho's share of stimulus money to
help pay for cleaning up U.S. Department of Energy sites. Crapo and Rep. Jim
Risch, another Idaho Republican who opposed the overall package, were among
lawmakers who pushed to have a total of $6 billion in cleanup money to benefit
their states.

Idaho stands to get $400 million to help clean six decades of nuclear and
industrial pollution at the Idaho National Laboratory near Idaho Falls.

"This investment will also save the taxpayers billions in future liability costs
as the cleanup at Idaho and around the DOE complex is accelerated," Crapo said.

The White House estimated up to 18,000 new jobs could be created in Idaho
through the stimulus package, including those at INL.

Idaho's unemployment rate in December was 6.6 percent, or about 50,000
unemployed workers. Idaho Department of Labor Director Roger Madsen has
predicted unemployment will exceed 7 percent within two months.

Here's a breakdown of some of the federal money Idaho could receive under the
stimulus plan, according to the Democratic Policy Committee:

* $19.7 million for drinking water infrastructure through the Drinking Water
State Revolving Fund

* $19.5 for clean water infrastructure through the Clean Water State Revolving
Fund

* $181.9 million in highway funding through the Surface Transportation Program

* $18.4 million in Transit Formula Funding for investments in mass transit

· $1.5 million through the Public Housing Capital Fund to enable local public
housing agencies to address a backlog in capital needs

* $8.9 million in HOME Funding to enable state and local government, in
partnership with community-based organizations, to acquire, construct, and
rehabilitate affordable housing and provide rental assistance to poor families

* $5 million through the Homelessness Prevention Fund for activities including
short or medium-term rental assistance, first and last month's rental payment or
utility payments.

* $197.2 million through the State Fiscal Stabilization Fund to local school
districts and public colleges and universities

* $53.2 million for Special Education Part B State Grants

* $3.1 million in education technology funds

* $42.3 million for Title I Education for the Disadvantaged

* $3.6 million in State Employment Service Grants to match unemployed
individuals to job openings

* $1.9 million in Dislocated Workers State Grants

* $1.2 million for Department of Labor's Adult State Grants

* $2.9 million for Department of Labor's Youth State Grants

* $2.8 million for vocational rehabilitation

* Money to modernize 412 schools

* Pell Grants for 39,000 students

* $28.4 million through the State Energy Program

* $31 million through the Weatherization Assistance Program

* $469,293 for National School Lunch Program Equipment Assistance

* $400,239 through the Emergency Food Assistance Program

* $72.5 million in Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program benefits (formerly
food stamps)

* $268,562 for the Emergency Food and Shelter Program

* $11.9 million in Child Care and Development Block Grants

* $2.7 million for Head Start

* $5 million in Community Services Block Grants to local community action
agencies

* $500,000 for Senior Meals Programs

* $11.4 million in Byrne/JAG grants to support law enforcement efforts

* $403,670 in Internet Crimes Against Children Grants

* $1.3 million in Violence Against Women Grants for victim services programs

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Corporate earnings

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              423 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 23, 2016 Friday

Washington: President Obama Approves Additional Recovery Aid for Saipan
Following Devastating Typhoon Soudelor

LENGTH: 277  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Federal Emergency Management Agency has issued the following news
release:



 Following Typhoon Souder's devastating impacts to Saipan, President Obama
issued a major disaster declaration on August 5, 2015 for the Commonwealth of
the Northern Mariana Islands (CNMI), making federal assistance available to aid
individuals and communities in the recovery efforts for damages that occurred
August 1-3, 2015.





 This week, the President authorized a cost share adjustment of 100 percent for
Federal funds associated with Typhoon Soudelor for the Federal Emergency
Management Agency's (FEMA) mitigation portion of its Public Assistance program
and Hazard Mitigation Grant program.  These programs are funding projects in
CNMI that restore and improve power and water supply systems and enhance flood
control management.



 "FEMA is committed to Saipan's long-term recovery efforts," said Regional
Administrator Robert Fenton.  "These funds will ensure the island is able to
build back and incorporate mitigation and resiliency into its ongoing recovery."




 FEMA's Public Assistance and Hazard Mitigation Grant programs are cost share
programs where the federal government pays 75 percent of eligible costs while
the remaining 25 percent is a non-Federal match required by applicants to
receive funding.



 FEMA mitigation specialists have also worked with Typhoon Soudelor survivors on
Saipan following the disaster to provide information on how rebuild in a way
that would reduce the likelihood of damage the next time disaster strikes.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              424 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 23, 2016 Friday

Washington: President Obama Approves Additional Recovery Aid for Saipan
Following Devastating Typhoon Soudelor

LENGTH: 277  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Federal Emergency Management Agency has issued the following news
release:



 Following Typhoon Souder's devastating impacts to Saipan, President Obama
issued a major disaster declaration on August 5, 2015 for the Commonwealth of
the Northern Mariana Islands (CNMI), making federal assistance available to aid
individuals and communities in the recovery efforts for damages that occurred
August 1-3, 2015.





 This week, the President authorized a cost share adjustment of 100 percent for
Federal funds associated with Typhoon Soudelor for the Federal Emergency
Management Agency's (FEMA) mitigation portion of its Public Assistance program
and Hazard Mitigation Grant program.  These programs are funding projects in
CNMI that restore and improve power and water supply systems and enhance flood
control management.



 "FEMA is committed to Saipan's long-term recovery efforts," said Regional
Administrator Robert Fenton.  "These funds will ensure the island is able to
build back and incorporate mitigation and resiliency into its ongoing recovery."




 FEMA's Public Assistance and Hazard Mitigation Grant programs are cost share
programs where the federal government pays 75 percent of eligible costs while
the remaining 25 percent is a non-Federal match required by applicants to
receive funding.



 FEMA mitigation specialists have also worked with Typhoon Soudelor survivors on
Saipan following the disaster to provide information on how rebuild in a way
that would reduce the likelihood of damage the next time disaster strikes.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              425 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Durant Daily Democrat, Oklahoma

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 1, 2012 Sunday

Council approves FEMA grant application

BYLINE: Brittany Snapp, Durant Daily Democrat, Okla.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 236 words


July 01--On Friday afternoon, the Durant City Council met for a special meeting
to discuss the FEMA Assistance to Firefighters Grant Program for Emergency
Vehicle Acquisition. Durant Fire Department Deputy Chief Marc Hall said the
department needs a new reserve engine.

"We need to replace our reserve engine, which is 22 years old," he said. "It's
on its last leg."

Grants Coordinator Becca Parr said the fire department will be asking for a
grant of $500,000 which requires a 10% cash match from the city. The council
members approved applying for the grant and the cash match.

The Durant Fire Department also plans to apply to the FEMA Assistance to
Firefighters Grant Program for Firefighter Operational and Safety Equipment.
Hall said part of this grant will be used for new positive pressure ventilation
fans.

"The ones we have now are 17 years old," he said.

This grant also will require a 10% cash match from the city. The council members
approved application for the grant and the cash match.

A public hearing was held for the application phase regarding the 2012 Community
Development Block Grant Small Cities Application for the Airport Water Tower
Upgrade Project.

Parr said, "This is just an opportunity for anybody that needs to ask
questions."

___ (c)2012 the Durant Daily Democrat (Durant, Okla.) Visit the Durant Daily
Democrat (Durant, Okla.) at www.durantdemocrat.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120701-1DD-Council-approves-FEMA-grant-application-0701-20120701

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1DD


                  Copyright 2012 Durant Daily Democrat, Okla.


                              426 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                 The Morning Bulletin (Rockhampton, Queensland)

                            January 11, 2011 Tuesday

Towns face a long road back

BYLINE:  Kathryn Greensill

SECTION: Pg. 12

LENGTH: 459  words



HIGHLIGHT: Central Queenslanders return to homes to start task of cleaning up

Flood relief grants

 Primary producers will receive grants of up to $25,000 to enable the swift
resumption of trade.

An emergency assistance payment up to $170 per person and $780 per family, a
means-tested household contents grant of up to $1660 for individuals and $4980
for couples and families and a means-tested structural assistance grant to help
with repairs of up to $10,250 for individuals and $13,800 for couples and
families.

Government disaster recovery payment of up to $1000 per eligible adult and $400
per eligible child is available to those who have been significantly impacted by
the floods.

Concession interest rate loans of up to $250,000 for small business operators
and primary producers as well as freight subsidies of up to $5000.

For further information on government grants visit
www.communityservices.qld.gov.au/ and follow the links to financial assistance
or phone the Community Recovery Line on 1800 173 349.

AS floodwaters in Rockhampton slowly recede, around Central Queensland many had
returned to homes and business to start the harrowing task of cleaning up the
mess.

In Emerald the clean-up continued yesterday as many attended to their homes and
businesses.

Central Highlands Regional Mayor Peter Maguire said there were about 50 people
still in the evacuation centre last night and roads were still a major problem
in rural areas.

"People have started work on some of them when they can," Cr Maguire said.

He said with the Centro Emerald Market closed after a metre of water had washed
through it, many local business owners were looking for alternative locations to
open their businesses for the short term.

Rolleston remained cut off from the rest of the state.

In the Banana Shire, Theodore residents were able to finally begin the clean-up
of their homes on Sunday, but weren't able to stay overnight.

Police were controlling access to the town, only letting residents in between
8.30am and 4pm until essential infrastructure could be restored.

Only police and army personnel were permitted to stay in Theodore overnight.

Work continued on the town's water supply with the Banana Shire Council and the
ADF working closely together to restore drinking water to the town.

Theodore residents were requested not to bring children or animals into the town
during the clean-up phase.

Banana Shire Mayor John Hooper asked that only Theodore residents and people
associated with the recovery enter the township.

"This will be a very busy period and I would ask that the people of Theodore and
the recovery teams are not hindered by unnecessary people visiting the town," Cr
Hooper said.

Meanwhile, many residents in Rockhampton were waiting for floodwaters to recede
so they could see the damage in their wake.

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RMB


                    Copyright 2011 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              427 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  Yemen Times

                                October 7, 2010

Japan supports Health and Water Projects in Ibb and Taiz Governorate

LENGTH: 274 words


The Government of Japan extended two grants amounting to USD204,293 for the
health and water projects in Fara'a Al-Udayn District, Ibb Governorate and in
Maqbana District, Taiz Governorate, under the Japanese scheme called "Grant
Assistance for Grass-roots Human Security Projects", which aims at supporting
small-scale community-based projects to address basic human needs, such as
primary health care, basic education and drinking water supply in developing
countries.



Mr. Mitsunori Namba, Ambassador of Japan to the Republic of Yemen and Mr.
Abdulmoghni Ali Ghalib, Director of District Health Office in Fara'a Al-Udayn
and Mr.Abdu Mohhammed Abdulmajed, Chair of Solidarity Association for Social
Development signed the contracts respectively at the Embassy of Japan in Sana'a
today.

The grant to Fara'a Al-Udayn will benefit 150,000 people in the district by
providing an ambulance to Al-Wazeerah Hospital and medical equipment to Al-Saleh
Hospital, Fara'a Al-Udayn District, which is located in mountainous area of Ibb
and faces difficulties in providing emergency medical services. The
beneficiaries of the other grant are about 2,200 people in 15 villages in Al-
Barasha Area of Taiz and the project consists of constructing a water tank, a
protection room for a water pump and water pipelines. These grants aim at
improving the health medical and emergency services in the areas, and providing
clean water, and mitigating the suffering of women and children in collecting
water daily from remote areas.

In the last Japanese fiscal year, Japan has funded 18 projects in Yemen under
the Grass-Roots scheme with a total amount of USD 1.5 million.

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 13


     Copyright 2010 Yemen Times - Yemen Times Press, Printing & Publishing
                              All Rights Reserved
                         Syndigate.info, Al Bawaba.com


                              428 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                             October 5, 2012 Friday

Local housing grants down this year

BYLINE: Andrew Gant, Andrew Gant STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 416  words


Volusia's 2012-13 grants from the federal Department of Housing and Urban
Development total slightly less than $2.4 million, down 12 percent from the
nearly $2.7 million awarded last fiscal year.

The money splits three ways, according to the county:

About $1.6 million goes into the county's Community Development Block Grant,
which funds improvements to streets, sidewalks, parks, public facilities, water
and sewer systems and other needs. The funding is a 7 percent decrease from the
last grant.

About $575,000 goes to the HOME program, which helps first-time homebuyers pay
for housing. Last year's HOME budget was about $854,000, so this year's grant
was cut by about one-third.

About $151,000 goes toward Volusia's Emergency Shelter Grant program, which
helps families at risk of becoming homeless for the first time. This grant,
unlike the others, actually increased by 78 percent over the prior year's.

In Daytona Beach, the city is receiving about $556,000 for its CDBG program and
$292,000 for the HOME program. Both awards will be used for housing
rehabilitation throughout the city, said Emory Counts, the city's director of
Community and Ecomomic Development.

The award is about $200,000 lower than it has been in recent years, but Counts
said the city is still grateful to get the reduced amount of federal assistance.

"It's enough to really help," he said. "I feel very good about our prospects to
assist the community with safe, sanitary and decent housing."

On the other side of Volusia, Deltona received about $442,000 in CDBG money. Of
that, about $287,000 is budgeted for seven different stormwater projects around
the city. Another $66,000 will go toward public service programs like Haven
Recovery and the Boys & Girls Club. About $88,000 will pay administration costs.

In Flagler County, the city of Palm Coast is getting about $381,000 for the CDBG
program. Senior planner Jose Papa said that will be divided four ways:

$160,000 (42 percent) for construction of about 1.5 miles of pedestrian bicycle
pathway in Seminole Woods.

$126,338 (33 percent) for home repair financial assistance.

$57,000 (15 percent) for planning and administration costs.

$38,000 (10 percent) for 266 sessions of small business technical assistance
provided by the Business Assistance Center.

U.S. Rep. John Mica announced the grants last Friday, listing about $13.5
million awarded within his district, which also includes grants for Orange and
Seminole counties. Orange received the most, at about $7 million.

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DBNJ

                Copyright 2012 ProQuest Information and Learning
                              All Rights Reserved
                               ProQuest SuperText
                    Copyright 2012 News-Journal Corporation


                              429 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   The Daily Independent (Ashland, Kentucky)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 19, 2010 Friday

Ashland Board of City Commissioners digest: 3/19/10

BYLINE: John Cannon, The Daily Independent, Ashland, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 328 words


Mar. 19--ASHLAND -- In action during a brief meeting Thursday night,
commissioners approved without comment the following items on the consent
agenda:

--a request from Safe Harbor to conduct a "Puppets in the Park" from 9 a.m. to 2
p.m. April 24 in the Central Park garden area.

--the submission of a grant application to the Kentucky Department of Local
Government's Land and Water Conservation Fund for improvement to the Ashland
American Little League fields at John Oliverio Park.

--the payment of $20,475 to Hennecke Drilling for emergency repairs on Lowman
Drive.

--the payment of $63,036 to U.S. Bearing and Power Transmission Corp. for an
aerator gearbox for the wastewater treatment plant.

--the payment of $557,811 to Smith Contractors Inc. for completed work on the
riverfront project.

--the payment of $40,112 to KYOVA Electric Inc. for underground electrical
service for the new police station, the Jesse Stuart Foundation and the city
building.

--sending two fire inspectors for training mandatory for their continued
certification.

The commission also declared as an "emergency" an ordinance authorizing the
submission of a grant application to the Kentucky Housing Corp. for an "
emergency shelter grant" and approved it on first and second readings. Funds
from the grant will be shared by Safe Harbor of Northeastern Kentucky, the
Shelter of Hope, the Community Assistance and Referral Service and the Ashland
Citadel of Salvation Army. The grants is for the continuation of a program that
helps the homeless find suitable housing.

To see more of The Daily Independent or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.dailyindependent.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Daily Independent,
Ashland, Ky. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100319-KA-Ashland-Board-of-City-Commissioners-digest-3-19-10-0319

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KA


                      Copyright 2010 The Daily Independent


                              430 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                            September 6, 2013 Friday

Flood relief grant in DuPage

BYLINE: By Robert Sanchez bsanchez@dailyherald.com By Robert Sanchez
bsanchez@dailyherald.com

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 365 words


How would you spend$7 million to help local communities recover from widespread
spring flooding?

That's the question DuPage County officials need to answer to get a disaster
recovery grant from the U.S. Housing and Urban Development.

HUD officials this week announced that DuPage -- which had thousands of
properties suffer flood damage in April -- will receive money through the
federal agency's Community Development Block Grant Program.

"Last spring's storms caused tremendous damage to homes and businesses
throughout the Chicago area, creating needs that stretched beyond the limits of
private insurance and other forms of public assistance," HUD Secretary Shaun
Donovan said in a statement. "HUD is continuing to work closely with state and
local partners to help them meet these remaining needs and promote locally
driven recovery strategies."

The HUD grant would be above and beyond the millions of dollars in federal
assistance that municipalities, libraries and other local governments in DuPage
already are seeking to help pay their cleanup expenses. Cleaning up the
aftermath of the April floods cost governmental entities throughout DuPage at
least $6.58 million.

But before DuPage can get the $7 million from HUD, county officials said they
must draft an "action plan" describing how they intend to spend the money. That
can't happen until after HUD releases its guidelines on how the money can be
spent.

"It's up to the county and municipalities to come up with a plan that fits
whatever guidelines they give us," said David Gervino, emergency management
coordinator for DuPage's Office of Homeland Security and Emergency Management.
"My understanding is that they will have very specific guidelines regarding what
the plan entails."

DuPage officials didn't want to speculate on how they could use the money.
However, they said, they intend to seek the grant.

"We'll work with (the county's) stormwater management (department),
municipalities and other stakeholders to come up with plan," Gervino said.

DuPage isn't the only governmental entity eligible for HUD grant money. Chicago
will receive $4.3 million, Cook County will receive $13.9 million, and the state
will receive $3.6 million.

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              431 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Post-Bulletin (Rochester, Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            November 8, 2010 Monday

Clip-and-save flood relief phone numbers

BYLINE: Jeff Hansel, Post-Bulletin, Rochester, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 815 words


Nov. 08--President Obama declared more than two dozen southern Minnesota
counties as federal disaster areas on Oct. 13 because of damage done by the
Sept. 22 floods.

Some people are getting ready to rebuild; others are still carrying away debris.
Along the way, people will need tips and help from different agencies. Among
them:

Business Flood Recovery (Minnesota)

Southern Minnesota Initiative Foundation

$2,500 grants "to help get local businesses back in operation."

(507) 455-3215

Emergency management offices

--Dodge County

(507) 635-6132

--Fillmore County

(507) 765-3874 (ask for Mike Ask when you reach the sheriff's office)

--Goodhue County

(651) 267-2640

--Mower County

(507) 434-2710

--Olmsted County

(507) 328-6100

--Steele County

(507) 444-2454

--Wabasha County

(651) 565-3069

--Winona County

(507) 457-6351

Energy/fuel assistance and weatherization

Three Rivers Community Action

In addition to energy assistance, furnace and/or refrigerator replacement.

(507) 732-7391

Floodplain

Department of Natural Resources

1-888-MINNDNR (646-6367) extension 4

Food

Channel One Food Bank, 131 35th St. S.E., Rochester (8 a.m. to 6 p.m. Mondays
through Thursdays and 8 a.m. to noon Fridays. Closed weekends)

(507) 287-2350

Free items

Jenny's Greenhouse, on U.S. 63 north of Zumbro Falls, offers free, donated items
such as clothing, personal hygiene items, mattresses, towels, linen and
household items.

(507) 251-7109

Homeless Prevention and Rapid Re-Housing Program

Three Rivers Community Action (507) 732-7391

Keep

--Flood-related receipts and copies of applications/documents.

--A list of unmet needs.

Minnesota Department of Commerce Energy Information Center

Weatherization Assistance and Energy Assistance

Low-income households

Furnace, chimney, duct, window, door and water heater repair and replacement.

1-800-657-3710

Pine Island

Stop at city hall, 250 S. Main St., for information sheets and to check on using
the "Pine Island United Fund."

Quick Start

Minnesota Housing Quick Start Recovery Loan Program

Three Rivers Community Action

For use after other relief options have been exhausted.

(507) 732-7391

Renters

--Call the Small Business Administration to apply for financial assistance.

--Temporary housing is available through Three Rivers Community Action

(507) 732-7391

Small Business Administration

Most relief agencies will require proof that you have already applied for a SBA
loan. Deadline to apply is Dec. 14.

1-800-659-2955

Steps to assistance

--If you need help applying, check with a local government representative, such
as the county emergency manager.

--The first thing you should have done is contact your homeowners insurance
agent. Also, you should have checked whether flood insurance, if you had it,
will help.

--Next, apply for SBA money before Dec. 14 (most other relief agencies will
require proof that you've applied). You'll also need a copy of the written
response from your insurance company.

--Consider state buyouts, DNR assistance and Veterans Administration assistance
for veterans.

--If all other sources of flood relief have been exhausted, you can request
money from the Minnesota "Quick Start" program.

Tax relief

Call your county assessor's office

--Dodge County (507) 635-6245

--Fillmore County (507) 765-3868

--Goodhue Goodhue (651) 385-3006

--Mower County (507) 437-9440

--Olmsted County (507) 328-7670

--Steele County (507) 444-7435

--Wabasha County (651) 565-3669

--Winona County (507) 457-6300

Also, if you get penalties for flood-related late payment of taxes, call
1-800-657-3606 to request abatement.

Tetanus shots (limited supply available for flood survivors doing cleanup)

Wabasha County Public Health

(651) 565-5200

Transportation

Hiawatha Transit can provide bus rides to flood survivors

1-866-623-7505

Veterans

Flood Relief Grant

Contact your county veterans service officer or call 1-888-LINKVET (546-5838)

Receipts must be include dates during the disaster declaration time frame.

Deadline: Dec. 31

Veterans service officers

--Dodge County

(507) 635-6140

--Fillmore County

(507) 765-4937

--Goodhue County

(651) 385-3256

--Mower County

(507) 434-2712

--Olmsted County

(507) 328-6355

--Steele County

(507) 444-7460

--Wabasha county

(651) 565-3864

--Winona county

(507) 457-6455

Water safety

Call your county public health agency.

Wabasha County Public Health, for example, has free water test kits for well
checks and re-tests if needed.

(651) 565-5200

Health reporter Jeff Hansel (285-7615) writes a blog Pulse on Health at
www.postbulletin.com. Follow him on Twitter @JeffHansel.

To see more of the Post-Bulletin, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.postbulletin.com. Copyright (c) 2010, Post-Bulletin, Rochester, Minn.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail services@mctinfoservices.com, or
call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States, call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20101108-RC-Clip-and-save-flood-relief-phone-numbers-1108-20101108

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RC


                          Copyright 2010 Post-Bulletin


                              432 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                             June 27, 2013 Thursday

Walker sees 'significant damage' in Boscobel

BYLINE: CRAIG D. REBER TH staff writer creber@wcinet.com

SECTION: A; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 606 words


state of emergency Gov. Scott Walker issued a state of emergency declaration
Wednesday for seven southwestern Wisconsin counties, including Crawford, Grant
and Iowa. Walker also has directed the Wisconsin National Guard and other state
agencies to assist. He said the state will work with communities to make
emergency funds available to eligible homeowners for rehabilitation and connect
farmers who have crop and livestock damage with assistance.

BOSCOBEL, Wis. - Misty Molzof was busy early Wednesday afternoon removing debris
and salvageable belongings from her home on the corner of Wisconsin Avenue and
LeGrand Street. Others were assisting.

Molzof's home sits along Saunders Creek, which flooded Saturday and Sunday. The
creek was swollen by more than a foot of rain since Friday.

"Unbelievable," she said, adding she and her children were safe. "So that's
what's important, I guess. But our home has been destroyed by this. It's
absolutely devastating, and of course there is never any money - is the way I
understand this. Hopefully the government can come through and give us some
relief."

Relief from the state was the message Gov. Scott Walker delivered on a tour of
Boscobel and the surrounding area on Wednesday. Walker, who was joined by
several state and county officials, declared a state of emergency in seven
southwestern Wisconsin counties, including Crawford, Iowa and Grant.

"There is significant damage, particularly for the homes we just toured here,"
he said during a news conference.

One of those was Molzof's. She recalled both Saturday and Sunday.

"The first day we made progress, and I actually thought it was doable. I thought
we could handle this," she said, adding her1,200-square-foot basement was
completely full of water, all the way to the top of a 7-foot ceiling. It seeped
into parts of the first floor. "We worked really hard and we got things cleaned
up. Sunday night, I watched the waters come up and come down the street. I knew
what was happening again."

Across the street, John & Jen's Tall Tails Sports and Spirits was in business.
Co-owner Jen Borzick said she lost $15,000 in beer and wine and a $14,500
furnace.

"We never closed," she said. "We never expected a second flood. We did a pretty
good cleanup on Saturday."

Sunday was a repeat of Saturday.

"I saw the rain and knew it's going to happen again," she said. "It's the
craziest thing to see water come in. It's like watching on TV."

When the water approached Sunday, she and her husband, John, started "flying
again, picking up whatever we could."

Boscobel EMTs Mike and Dawn Stephenson visited with the governor.

"We've been here since 1989, and I've never seen anything like this," Dawn said.
"I feel really bad for the people who didn't have a lot, who lost their
belongings and a place to live."

Nancy Bedward manages the

24-unit Willow Village Apartments.

"I've never seen anything like this. I've been in Boscobel 49 years," she said.
"We have clean water. Bless everybody's hearts who have sewage, and people who
are going to lose their houses because they're so bad. If we keep fighting,
we'll save ours. Otherwise ours will be gone. But there's hope."

Boscobel Fire Chief Todd Fischer praised the volunteers and others.

"Grant County came through," he said, adding Walker's declaration will open up
some assistance. "But there's still some big decisions to be made. Is this house
salvageable or is it to be torn down and completely replaced? I don't know.

"It's been an odd feeling, I'll tell you that. I never thought I'd ever see
anything like that in my life - and I saw a river coming right down Main Street,
twice - Saturday and Sunday."

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              433 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              Silver City Sun-News

                              July 2, 2004 Friday

Hanover closer to solving water woes

BYLINE: Thomas J. Baird, Silver City Sun-News

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. 5A

LENGTH: 501 words


Sun-News reporter

The rural Grant County village of Hanover, nestled in the mining district near
Bayard, is $400,000 closer to fixing its potable water shortage.

The New Mexico Finance Authority Board on Wednesday approved more than $200
million in loan financing and grants for community projects across the state,
including nearly $3.9 million in money for water and wastewater systems. The
Hanover Mutual Domestic Water Association emergency water project received the
$400,000 to help connect the community to the city of Bayard's water supply.

Hanover, a community of about 350 residents, ran out of water May 7 when the
water association's two wells there ran dry. Local officials and the county
emergency manager met soon afterward to seek answers and solutions to the
problems.

The Red Cross and private companies, including Anheuser-Busch, Wal-Mart, Phelps
Dodge and Albertsons donated bottled and canned water or offered other
assistance to help the community. The governor also sent a National Guard "water
buffalo," a 400 gallon self-serve tanker, filled with drinking water donated by
the city of Bayard.

"These projects will immediately help communities around the state, particularly
rural communities, help themselves," said Gov. Bill Richardson on Wednesday.
"The largest portion of financing will pay for critical water projects to help
communities across the state secure adequate supplies of safe, clean drinking
water for residents well into the future. I believe there is no bigger priority
for New Mexico and I'm glad the NMFA agrees."

The NMFA approved the financing for the projects during its regular meeting,
held Wednesday in Rio Rancho.

"The projects the NMFA approved will directly benefit the economic stability and
quality of life for people across the state," said Steve Flance, chairman of the
NMFA. "The majority of water projects approved for loan financing are regional
projects and I applaud everyone involved for embracing the governor's goal of
communities working together to solve New Mexico's long term water needs."

Other communities receiving funding for water and wastewater systems include
Cordova; the Greater Chimayo Regional Water System, which includes portions of
Santa Fe and Rio Arriba counties; the Pueblo of Acoma; El Valle de los Ranchos
de Taos; the city of Las Vegas and the town of Springer.

Back on May 17, local and state officials held an emergency meeting with more
than 60 residents of the Hanover area to discuss the communities problem.
Priscilla Lucero, executive director of the Southwest New Mexico Council of
Governments, assured the residents at the time that their wells had run dry and
that a long term solution would be sought.

Lucero noted that the Bayard project alone would cost $1.3 million. It was not
yet clear Thursday where the $400,000 would fit into the plan or how soon
residents' faucets would again be running normally.

Thomas J. Baird can be reached at tbaird@scsun-news.com

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2004 Silver City Sun-News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              434 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                              July 16, 2010 Friday

Large swath of state declared disaster area;

BYLINE: FROM STAFF AND WIRE REPORTS

SECTION: NEBRASKA; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 721 words


President Barack Obama has issued a federal disaster declaration for a large
part of Nebraska damaged by flooding and storms in June.

The declaration announced Thursday will trigger the release of federal funds to
help recover from flooding, storms and tornadoes. The funds will be used for
public infrastructure, such as roads and bridges.

Fifty-three of the state's 93 counties are in the area.

Gov. Dave Heineman requested the federal aid to help communities recover from
storms and flooding that caused more than $16 million in damage to public
infrastructure alone.

Actual costs will exceed that estimate because assessment teams stop tallying
damage in individual counties once the threshold to qualify for aid is met.

Heineman said he appreciated approval of the disaster declaration.

"The federal government and local entities have been good partners working with
the state as we assessed the severe and extensive damage that occurred
throughout Nebraska,"Heineman said.

The Federal Emergency Management Agency said public assistance can help with
eligible costs to remove storm debris, take emergency protective measures and
repair or replace disaster-damaged roads, bridges, public buildings, critical
facilities, such as water, sewer and power systems and other public facilities.

These counties are included in the disaster declaration:

Antelope, Arthur, Blaine, Boone, Boyd, Brown, Burt, Cass, Chase, Cherry,
Cheyenne, Colfax, Cuming, Custer, Dodge, Douglas, Frontier, Garden, Garfield,
Greeley, Harlan, Hayes, Holt, Howard, Keya Paha, Knox, Lincoln, Logan, Loup,
Madison, Mc-Pherson, Morrill, Nance, Nemaha, Nuckolls, Otoe, Perkins, Phelps,
Pierce, Platte, Richardson, Rock, Sarpy, Saunders, Sherman, Sioux, Stanton,
Thomas, Valley, Washington, Wayne, Webster and Wheeler counties.

Heineman also had asked for federal help to provide individual assistance for 33
counties. Individual assistance can help with disasterrelated damages to homes
and businesses in the designated counties. That request has been denied,for now.

"While extensive, the damage to homes throughout Nebraska counties was not
significant enough for approval of the individual assistance," said Al Berndt,
assistant director of the Nebraska Emergency Management Agency. "We have
received additional information on individual damages since the initial request
was submitted, and those additional damages may be enough for Gov. Heineman to
consider an appeal."

Methodists offer flood assistance

The Nebraska United Methodist Conference has been awarded a $10,000 disaster
relief grant from the United Methodist Committee on Relief and will use grant
money and contributions from Nebraska United Methodists totaling more than
$13,000 to date to help flood victims.

To apply for assistance, go to www.umcneb.org and click on "Flood relief 2010"
under Quick Links. Applicants are not required to attend or belong to a United
Methodist Church.

Members of Nebraska United Methodist Church also have been helping flood victims
in northeast Nebraska by collecting cleaning supplies. More than 100 cleaning
buckets have been delivered to Norfolk First United Methodist Church and
distributed through a network of agencies including the Red Cross, Orphan Grain
Train and local community government.

Anyone in need of a cleaning bucket should contact the Orphan Grain Train in
Norfolk at 402-371-7393. Any individual or organization is welcome to assemble
buckets and deliver to the Orphan Grain Train.

Each bucket is valued at $55 and contains a 5-gallon bucket with resealable lid,
two 1-quart or one 82-ounce bottle of bleach; five scouring pads; seven sponges;
a scrub brush; 18 cleaning towels (reusable wipes); two 25-ounce or one 50-ounce
bottle of liquid laundry detergent; one 12- to 16-ounce bottle of household
cleaner; 16- to 28-ounce bottle of disinfectant dish soap; 50 clothes pins; 100
feet of clothes line; five dust masks; two pair latex gloves; one pair work
gloves; 24-bag roll of heavy-duty, 33- to 45-gallon trash bags; one 6- to
14-ounce can of insect repellent; one 8- or 9-ounce can air freshener. All items
must be new.

To donate, make checks payable to Conference Treasurer and turn in to local
United Methodist Church or mail to 3333 Landmark Circle, Lincoln, NE 68504.
Write "Nebraska Advance 869 - NE Flood Relief 2010" in memo part of check.

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 Lincoln Journal Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                              435 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Crain's Detroit Business
                                 Print Version

                                January 18, 2016

MICHIGAN BRIEFS

SECTION: Pg. 2 Vol. 32

LENGTH: 873  words


Snyder asks Obama for disaster declaration in Flint

Gov. Rick Snyder asked President Barack Obama to issue an emergency and major
disaster declaration amid a drinking water crisis in Flint, and state Attorney
General Bill Schuette announced Friday that his office would investigate how the
situation was handled.

Snyder's office said it is seeking additional federal aid for individuals and
public agencies involved in the effort to provide Flint residents with clean
drinking water, The Associated Press reported. Tap water became contaminated
with too much lead after the city switched its water supply in 2014 to save
money while under state financial management; local officials declared a public
health emergency in October.

Snyder's request will be reviewed by the Federal Emergency Management Agency. If
it is approved, the individual assistance could include grants for temporary
housing and home repairs, and the public assistance would help agencies such as
city schools and the water system.

Schuette announced that his office would investigate to determine what, if any
Michigan laws were violated. Federal prosecutors said they're working with the
U.S. Environmental Protection Agency.

State and federal health officials also said last week there has been an
increase in Legionnaires' disease cases over the past two years in Genesee
County, where Flint is located, but said they can't conclude that the increase
is related to the water crisis. Legionnaires' disease is a type of pneumonia
caused by bacteria that infect the lungs.

Muskegon jumps into development biz

With developers facing complications in creating a sustainable housing market in
downtown Muskegon, the city has decided to jump into the business of commercial
real estate development, MiBiz reported.

Last month, Muskegon officials acquired an entire city block that consists of an
already-under-construction 72-unit apartment building, a vacant former bank
building and multiple empty lots. The properties are within blocks of ongoing
significant institutional investment led by Muskegon Community College and Baker
College. The city will most likely redevelop the two existing buildings on the
site and leave the vacant parcels to be developed at a later date by private
developers, City Manager Frank Peterson said.

"Our interest is taking our downtown a step further," he said. "It's not
profit-making. We see the value being our long-term investment."

MICH-CELLANEOUS

- Detroit-based law firm McKeen & Associates, which focuses on medical
malpractice, said it will open a Kalamazoo-area office to capitalize on growth
opportunities, the Grand Rapids Business Journal reported. It will be the second
office for the firm, which according to its website has 16 attorneys.

- Grand Rapids-based office technology dealer Applied Imaging acquired a Cascade
Township office building for its new corporate headquarters, MiBiz reported.
According to a statement, the company cited recent and projected growth as
necessitating its move from a 25,000-square-foot headquarters to a new
60,000-square-foot facility by July.

- Lansing-based Two Men and a Truck named Jeff Wesley as CEO, marking the first
time top leadership of the moving company has fully moved outside of its
founding family, the Lansing State Journal reported. Wesley, CFO for seven
years, replaces Brig Sorber, whose family had run the company since 1985 and who
had previously stepped down as president. Last month, Two Men and a Truck ranked
first in the moving company category of Entrepreneur Magazine's Franchise 500
list, and 162nd overall.

- Michigan State University is offering a new resource to cities wanting help
with managing finances and budgets, The Associated Press reported. The MSU
Extension Service's Center for Local Government Finance and Policy, which is
being formally unveiled after it quietly started in November, will hold
workshops, research municipal fiscal trends, consult local governments and issue
an annual report on the financial health of each Michigan municipality.

- A Canadian company has renewed interest in developing an open pit mine at an
Upper Peninsula site not far from the Wisconsin border, according to the
Milwaukee Journal Sentinel. Aquila Resources Inc. recently filed an application
to build a mine along the Menominee River, which divides Michigan from
northeastern Wisconsin and flows into Green Bay. Regulators in Michigan recently
held their first public hearing on the application, and the several hundred
people in attendance were divided on their support or opposition to the mine.
Aquila plans to invest more than $300 million to extract gold, copper, zinc and
silver from the site.

- West Michigan businessman and philanthropist Ralph Hauenstein died Jan. 10 at
age 103. Hauenstein was owner of Werner Lehara, a Grand Rapids food equipment
manufacturer, and established the Hauenstein Center for Presidential Studies at
Grand Valley State University and the Grace Hauenstein Library at Aquinas
College.

- Frederik Meijer Gardens & Sculpture Park in Grand Rapids saw the largest
attendance in its history in 2015. Officials said more than 775,000 guests
visited during the attraction's 20th year, up from about 650,000 in 2014, The
Associated Press reported.

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CD


                      Copyright 2016 Crain Communications
                              All Rights Reserved


                              436 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                    September 8, 1996, Sunday, ALL EDITIONS

HURRICANE FRAN;
Without power, with clean drinking water in danger and perishable foods
perishing, residents go back to basics. Some have had enough of flooding and are
moving out.;
So much to be done: Cleanup is slow, sweaty and frustrating

BYLINE: Jingle Davis; STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; Pg. 11A

LENGTH: 825 words

DATELINE: Wilmington, N.C.


Like David challenging Goliath with his slingshot, Donna McCall took a tiny
hacksaw to the giant pecan tree that crashed into her family's front yard
Thursday night when Hurricane Fran slammed ashore on the North Carolina coast.

As the 17-year-old labored in the sticky heat, her mother and aunt watched from
the porch of the McCall home, one of more than 2,000 in the city of about 60,000
that suffered damage from the storm.

"At this rate, it'll take her till this time next year to get it down," said
Anna McCall, Donna's mother, mopping her face with a bath towel draped around
her neck.

The McCall family, like many others in town, spent Saturday trying to make a
dent in the colossal mess left by the storm.

Wilmington and New Hanover County are among 10 North Carolina counties so far
approved for individual assistance by the Federal Emergency Management Agency,
whose assessors swarmed in from all over the country shortly after Fran hit the
coast.

Andrea Booher, spokeswoman for the agency, said the official designation clears
the way for residents to receive government assistance in the form of money for
temporary housing, assistance in finding rental properties and applying for
grants and loans.

In one hard-hit city neighborhood, a sweating, red-faced woman raked pine
needles from the driveway of a yard buried beneath huge trees, downed power
lines and poles; her work seemed to suggest a helpless steward rearranging deck
chairs on the sinking Titanic.

Mittie Johnson, who lives out in New Hanover County on a bluff overlooking a
tidal river and the distant roofs of Figure Eight Island, a private, gated
community where television and film stars - Paul Newman, Kim Basinger, Walter
Cronkite - own resort homes, was more philosophical about the five huge pines
that crashed down on her home.

"I'm just waiting for the insurance man to get here. I've called him but he
can't call me back because all the phones out here are still out," she said.

With utility crews from several states working around the clock to restore
services, electricity and telephones were back on in a few Wilmington
neighborhoods and commercial areas by Saturday night, but in outlying New
Hanover County and in small, barrier-island municipalities like Wrightsville
Beach, Carolina Beach and Kure Beach, it could be weeks - or even months -
before all services are restored.

Tempers flared Saturday afternoon between national press representatives and
officials of island communities. Offcials at first invited reporters and
photographers to tour hard-hit areas in Carolina Beach and Kure Beach, then
rescinded the invitation when Kure Beach Mayor Betty Medlin decided she only
wanted media from local television stations to record the damage.

"We don't want residents seeing the devastation of their homes in the
newspapers," Medlin said. She said no press representatives will be allowed on
Kure Beach at noon today, when property owners are scheduled to be allowed to
visit for the first time since the hurricane.

Carolina Beach officials announced a similar plan. They offered to take press
representatives on a brief tour of the beachfront in a pickup truck, but said
reporters would not be allowed to speak with anyone except public officials.
Many islanders ignored mandatory evacuation orders and rode out the storm at
home. Some have already begun clean-up and repair efforts.

When a reporter and photographer from The Atlanta Journal- Constitution opted
not to take the tour and left a press staging area without a police escort,
Carolina Beach Patrolman S.R. Russell followed them to the mainland and stopped
their vehicle.

Meanwhile, frustrated island property owners were having similar encounters at
roadblocks set up at all bridges leading to the islands.

They were indignant that scofflaws who ignored mandatory evacuation orders were
able to begin salvage efforts immediately while they were barred even from
inspecting their properties.

Authorities said heavy damage on the island and lack of utilities could make it
dangerous for residents to return.

That argument wasn't convincing enough for one irritated woman, who said she
owns an antique shop at Carolina Beach.

"I need to protect whatever is left," she said, complaining that bulldozer
operators might scoop up one of her antique chairs and pile it up with other
debris.

Eugene Watkins was eager to see his family's old home on Carolina Beach. A
resident of Fayetteville, Watkins drove to the coast but was stopped at a
roadblock at Snow's Cut Bridge.

Watkins said his parents were casualties of another hurricane that smashed the
Carolina coast decades ago. His parents, he said, were in a car accident during
the evacuation of the island. The crash left his mother dead and his father
seriously injured.

He stood behind the barricades, gazing wistfully toward the bridge.
"I don't understand why we have to wait," he said.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Color photo: Mayor Betty Medlin (above) of Kure Beach, N.C., is letting

 only local TV crews view devastation. / W.A. BRIDGES JR. / Staff
 Color photo: Anthony Moorehead (left) clears some debris. / W.A. BRIDGES
 JR. / Staff

                    Copyright 1996 The Atlanta Constitution


                              437 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Daily Times (Pryor, Oklahoma)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          February 18, 2009 Wednesday

Burning outside still dangerous

BYLINE: Julie Yates, Daily Times, Pryor, Okla.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 538 words


Feb. 18--The Mayes County Commissioners did not reinstate a burn ban put on last
week.

Mayes County Emergency Management Director Johnny Janzen said the National
Weather Service is reporting a low fire danger for this week. Janzen said area
fire chiefs agreed on lifting the ban.

Janzen said people should still use caution with outdoor burning. On days with
high wind, Janzen said, "Please don't burn." He said the Bermuda grass is still
dry and will burn fast if ignited.

Burn bans run for seven days and expire at midnight on Sunday.

Rick Langkamp, director of Mayes Emergency Services Trust Authority (MESTA),
asked commissioners to number a road in District 3. Langkamp said the road is
near the intersection of Roads 590 and 544.

Langkamp said six different families are living on the road. When a road has
over three residences, the county must give the road a 911 address.

District 1 Commissioner Alva Martin said nine stop signs and 911 road signs have
been torn down along Country Fever Road and True Road. Martin said vandals can
be held liable for lives if accidents occur because of the missing signs.

Spavinaw Fire Department is getting a new brush truck. Commissioners approved
the fire department's request to purchase the grass rig from Cooper Creek
Manufacturing. The bid amount for a gasoline V10 truck is $71,950.

Oklahoma Emergency Management sent Federal Emergency Management Agency funds for
the January 2007 ice storm. District 2 received $82,524.31 and District 3
received $74,994.88.

The commissioners addressed further matters in their meeting:

--Salina is signing an agreement for Mayes County Emergency Management to
provide emergency services for the town.

--The commissioners approved taking $132,205 from the revolving fund for
equipment. District 3 is purchasing a Komatsu trackhoe from Kirby-Smith
Manufacturing.

--Sheriff Frank Cantey reported three leaks in the jail roof after the heavy
rainstorm last week. The roof leaked in three places; the stairwell, the kitchen
and one of the pods. Alpine Roofing has been contacted to address the leaks.

--The commissioners tabled a project agreement and contract with Natural
Resources Conservation Service for assistance through the Emergency Watershed
program. District 2 Commissioner Darrell Yoder is requesting assistance for the
log jam in Pryor Creek west of town.

--The commissioners approved a yearly generator maintenance agreement with
Commercial Power Solutions. The agreement costs the county $695 per year.

--The commissioners tabled appointing a representative for the Community Action
Resource and Development Board of Directors.

--The commissioners approved a request for funds for the expansion of Rural
Water District 5. The amount requested will come out of the Community
Development Block Grant received for the expansion project.

To see more of the Daily Times or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.pryordailytimes.com. Copyright (c) 2009, Daily Times, Pryor, Okla.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090218-OJ-Burning-outside-still-dangerous-0218

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OJ


                                 Copyright 2009


                              438 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Daily News (Sri Lanka)

                           February 22, 2014 Saturday

Japanese funds for Northern community development programs

LENGTH: 422 words

DATELINE: Sri Lanka


Sri Lanka, Feb. 22 -- The Japanese government yesterday extended a grant of US $
543,300 (approximately Rs. 70 million) to implement programs on Livelihood and
Community Strengthening for the newly resettled communities in Mullaitivu and
Kilinochchi Districts.

The initiatives are to be implemented by JEN, a Japanese NGO to improve the
livelihood of the resettled communities in the Northern Province under the
Japan-NGO cooperation grant scheme funded by the Japanese government.

The project titled Assistance in Livelihood and Community Strengthening for
Returnees in Mullaitivu and Kilinochchi Districts will support to rehabilitate
and uplift livelihood and capacity of the community of the people through
constructing agro-wells, providing tools such as water pumps, providing
workshops for agriculture and establishing cooperative societies.

It is envisaged that the project would facilitate stable water supply, ensure
livelihood and food security, and improve income of nearly 240 families directly
and indirectly.

"As a nation which commits itself and also contributes to global peace and
prosperity, Japan focuses its assistance in Sri Lanka on consolidation of peace
and reconstruction as well as medium and long-term vision for development,"
Japanese Ambassador Nobuhito Hobo said at the grant contract signing ceremony.
He said Japan has given high priority to support the reconstruction and to
improving the living conditions of the people.

"Japan also extended its fullest support towards the peace process since it
firmly believes that peace and reconciliation are pre-requisites for sustainable
development and prosperity of Sri Lanka," the ambassador added. JEN Colombo
Office Administration and Finance Officer Tomo Nasuda said JEN is an
international NGO established in 1994 to provide victims of conflicts and
natural disasters with emergency assistance and support for self-reliance across
the globe.

"In Sri Lanka, JEN started its operations in the aftermath of the Tsunami in
2004. Soon after completing the operation, JEN has focused on assisting the
people affected by the conflict in the East since 2007 and in the North since
2009," he said.

Nassuda said from March 1, 2014, JEN will start the project Assistance in
Livelihood and Community Strengthening for Returnees in Mullaitivu and
Kilinochchi Districts.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily News Sri Lanka. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2014 The Associated Newspapers of Ceylon Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              439 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 18, 2013 Tuesday

Washington: $9 million in federal grants awarded to 14 rural Washington
infrastructure projects

LENGTH: 386  words

DATELINE: Olympia


The State of Washington has issued the following news release:

The Washington State Department of Commerce announced 14 cities and counties to
receive a total of more than $9 million in Community Development Block Grants
(CDBG) for 2013. The 14 projects were selected from 34 grant applications
requesting more than $23 million. They will improve rural water, sewer and
street systems; support affordable housing; and construct food bank, health and
senior service facilities.



2013 Washington State Community Development Block Grant Awards

City of Colville - $600,000 to construct a new senior center
    Town of Coulee City - $500,000 for a new water reservoir
    Town of Creston - $750,000 for a new water reservoir
    City of Forks - $600,000 to renovate hospital emergency facilities
    City of Goldendale - $750,000 for street, sidewalk and utility improvements
    Klickitat County - $750,000 for water system consolidation and improvements
    Town of LaCrosse - $300,000 for wastewater treatment facility improvements
    City of Leavenworth - $750,000 to extend water and sewer to affordable
housing
    Town of Lind - $503,000 for water system improvements
    City of Port Angeles - $750,000 for infrastructure improvements for
affordable housing
    City of Tekoa - $285,500 to replace sewer lines
    City of Toledo - $1,000,000 for wastewater treatment facility improvements
    City of Vader - $716,787 for sewer system improvements
    Whatcom County - $750,000 to expand regional food bank distribution facility


The state CDBG program receives an annual funding allocation from the U.S.
Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) and targets assistance to
benefit lower income persons in rural areas. Larger cities and counties receive
CDBG funding directly from HUD. Since 1982, the state CDBG program has awarded
more than $457 million in grants to more than 1,250 locally prioritized
community development projects. CDBG partners with other state, federal, local
and private resources to leverage more than 65 percent of project costs. Funding
to provide flexible gap funding for these important community projects continues
to be under pressure from federal budget reductions.  Since 2010, the CDBG
program has faced a 30 percent reduction.

For further information please visit: http://access.wa.gov/

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              440 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                      May 18, 1999, Tuesday, Home Edition

GwinEtc.;
 Fish symbols carry message on pollution

BYLINE: Peter J. Kent, Staff

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Gwinnett Extra; Pg. 2JJ

LENGTH: 895 words

In a joint effort of the county's storm water management division, the Adopt a
Stream program and Gwinnett Clean & Beautiful, volunteers are being recruited to
hang paper fish on doors throughout Gwinnett. The groups are also stenciling
signs with a fish symbol on storm drains, that say "NO DUMPING; LEADS TO
STREAM."

The public education program is to remind people that whatever they throw, or
allow to flow, into storm drains eventually ends up in a stream or river. It's
known as non-point source pollution and has been identified by the U.S.
Environmental Protection Agency as the nation's No. 1 water pollution problem.
To sign up to stencil fish or hang them on doorknobs, call Gwinnett Clean &
Beautiful at 770-822-5187.


KIDS' SAFETY VILLAGE: The Duluth Police Department received a $ 6,000 donation
from Allstate Foundations to establish a child safety village. In conjunction
with county police and fire officials, the city plans to develop the village as
a way to teach youngsters lessons on four topics: fire safety, drug awareness,
gang awareness and car safety. The village would simulate a town and feature six
buildings in close proximity, each about 7 feet tall and 8 feet wide. Murals on
the buildings would represent a grocery store, a post office, a library, and
fire and police stations. The project is expected to cost a total of about $
37,000. For information on community/corporate sponsorship, call Duluth Officer
Bill Stevens, 770-476-4151.

UNITED WAY GRANTS: Community service organizations in Gwinnett got a boost last
week from the United Way of Metropolitan Atlanta. Twenty county groups received
grants totaling $ 1.2 million. The money, part of the United Way's $ 60.1
million investment in the metro area during 1999 and 2000, will be used to
support organizations working in five key areas: nurturing children,
strengthening families, increasing economic self-sufficiency, en- couraging
citizen involvement and meeting basic living needs.

Gwinnett programs receiving grants are Boys & Girls Clubs of Metro Atlanta ($
410,000, youth development); Camp Fire Boys and Girls ($ 10,816, Kids Kamp
program); Catholic Social Services ($ 3,300, grass-roots organizing in
Doraville); Families First ($ 10,000, family counseling); Gwinnett Children's
Shelter ($ 36,000, emergency housing for children); Gwinnett Coalition for
Health and Human Services ($ 36,000, Gwinnett Helpline); Gwinnett Habitat for
Humanity ($ 20,000, affordable housing and citizen involvement); Gwinnett
Housing Resource Partnership Inc. ($ 45,000, affordable housing); Gwinnett
Housing Resource Partnership Inc. ($ 25,000, homelessness prevention); Gwinnett
Neighborhood Leadership Institute ($ 11,000, citizen involvement); Gwinnett
United Drug Education ($ 50,000, citizen involvement); Hub Counseling and
Education Center ($ 67,529, clinical counseling for youngsters and families);
Hub Counseling and Education Center ($ 6,045, basic needs counseling); Latin
American Association ($ 40,500, family services); Lilburn Elementary School ($
25,354, Lilburn Links program to foster academic and personal skills); Northeast
Georgia Boy Scout Council ($ 123,000, youth development); Partnership Against
Domestic Violence ($ 16,808, assistance to victims and children); Project Rescue
($ 3,000, assisting troubled students); Sheltering Arms ($ 260,000, child care);
and Visiting Nurse Health System ($ 7,140, Alzheimer's day care).

THINKING SMALL: Careful where you put that hyphen, grammarians are wont to
caution. It can make a big difference. Imagine the self-esteem implications if
the 1999 Small-Business Person of the Year Award were mispunctuated? Why, the
Gwinnett Chamber of Commerce could find itself on the wrong end of a lawsuit
filed by height-challenged Gwinnettians. Er, apologies for the digression. We
are to laud the quintet of finalists for this year's small- business honors in
Gwinnett: Donald W. Dawson of International Safety Instruments in Lawrenceville,
Debra L. Harris of Staffing Resources in Norcross, John and Barbara Nash of
Southern Impressions Ltd. in Stone Mountain, Brett and Joanne Taylor of ACT
Learning Centers in Duluth, and Gary T. Waters of Outdoor Environments in
Grayson. The winner will be honored at an awards luncheon June 18 at the
Gwinnett Civic and Cultural Center in conjunction with the Gwinnett chamber's
first Entrepreneur Day. More than 20 small-business, home-office seminars will
be offered.

PURE GOLD: Meet Gwinnett's golden girls: Brooke Frederick and Jennifer Weaver of
Lawrenceville and Marianne Walter of Stone Mountain were among nine Senior Girl
Scouts from Gwinnett earning the Gold Award, the highest honor a Scout can
achieve. To earn the award, girls must be at least 14 years old and complete a
series of projects, culminating in a Gold Award community service project.
Projects included converting restaurant menus into Braille, organizing
fund-raisers for scholarships for underprivileged students, teaching Spanish to
youngsters and helping at homeless shelters. The Gwinnett girls are among 35
Gold Award winners this year from the Northwest Georgia Girl Scout Council.
Gwinnett honorees not pictured: Melissa Brinker of Norcross, Catherine O'Kelley
and Carlie Mullins of Snellville, Jessica Wilbanks and Alice Metzger of
Lawrenceville, and Meagan Donnell of Lithonia.

LOAD-DATE: May 18, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
Fish mission: Seventh-graders at Richards Middle School (above) take part in the
storm water protection project Monday. / RICHARD FOWLKES / Staff
Photo
At left, student Anish Patel prepares to spray-paint a fish design using a
stencil positioned on a drain cover by Steven Hawkins (center) and swept by
Adrien Williams. / RICHARD FOWLKES / Staff
Photo
Scouts (from left) Brooke Frederick, Jennifer Weaver and Marianne Walter are
among Gwinnett's Gold Award winners. / Special

                    Copyright 1999 The Atlanta Constitution


                              441 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    BBC Monitoring Latin America - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                           November 25, 2010 Thursday

World Bank to provide 10m dollars to fight cholera in Haiti

LENGTH: 584 words


Text of report by Caribbean Media Corporation news agency website on 25 November

Washington: In response to the first cholera outbreak in Haiti in decades, the
World Bank said it is preparing a US10m dollars Cholera Emergency Grant. The
Washington-based financial institution said on Wednesday that the programme is
part of its US479m dollars reconstruction support to the impoverished,
French-speaking Caribbean country. The outbreak has already caused more
than1,200 deaths and could kill up to 10,000 people in the coming six to 12
monthsif the outbreak is not contained, according to figures from the Pan
American Health Organization (PAHO).

"Haiti needs all the help it can get to respond to the deadly cholera epidemic
which is ravaging parts of the country," Ronald Baudin, Haiti's Minister of
Finance said. "The support of the World Bank will be key for saving lives and
re-establishing the public health service network," he added.

The US10million dollars grant will bolster the surveillance and monitoring
capacity of theMinistry of Public Health and Population (MSPP) and the Haitian
National Directorate of Water Supply and Sanitation (DINEPA), the World Bank
said. The initiative is aligned with the Cholera Inter-Sector Response Strategic
Plan for Haiti, under the leadership of MSPP and DINEPA. The World Bank said the
grant will also finance the work of nongovernmental organizations (NGOs) to
improve access to clean water, provide basic health services for affected
populations and vulnerable groups, as well as safe sanitation and waste
management in high risk areas.

"Implementation of the National Response Strategy to the cholera outbreak
requires close donor and partner coordination, including all organizations
currently operating on the ground," Alexandre Abrantes, the World Bank Special
Envoy to Haiti said.

"The new grant will be used to contract experienced NGOs for immediate cholera
response activities and strengthen the capacity of the Government to respond to
epidemics," he added.

Abrantes said these activities will complement significant hygiene awareness and
prevention efforts already underway, such as the creation of a "Public Health
Brigade" to carry out cholera treatment and prevention work throughout the
country.

Through a Global Facility for Disaster Reduction and Recovery grant of US200,000
dollars, the World Bank said it is identifying national and international actors
already involved in these tasks, preparing a standardized training plan and
training a core group of 250 trainers. It will also finance an awareness and
prevention campaign. The bank said it has also provided assistance to the
Directorate of Civil Protection since the beginning of the cholera outbreak to
coordinate the response of the Government and its partners.

It said this assistance has supported the setup and manning of the National
Emergency Operation Centre and management of the national campaign "Konbit kont
Kolera,"which raises awareness on cholera and its prevention.

According to Haitian official figures, the number of people hospitalized has
reached more than 22,512 and the number of deaths has risen to more than 1,200.
The World Bank said Haiti's humanitarian situation was already precarious due to
the January12, 2010 earthquake that struck the country and left 1.5m people
homeless and living in camps throughout Port-au-Prince, the capital, and other
cities.

Source: Caribbean Media Corporation news agency website, Bridgetown, in English
1450 gmt 25 Nov 10

LOAD-DATE: November 25, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2010 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              442 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Austin American-Statesman (Texas)

                             July 18, 2015 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

City to seek grant for disaster relief

BYLINE: Jillian Beck Austin Community Newspapers

SECTION: METR; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 328 words


Smithville will soon apply for a state disaster relief grant to supplement
potential federal aid for public damage sustained in the May storms.

The City Council unanimously passed a resolution this week authorizing the
submission of an application to the Texas Community Development Block Grant
Program through the state Department of Agriculture. Up to $350,000 is
available, with no required matching funds from the city, according to agenda
background materials.

During and after the Memorial Day weekend storms, the Colorado River in
Smithville overflowed with swelling water and high winds, and heavy rain flooded
streets and homes. City Manager Robert Tamble said he estimates about $100,000
in damage to public infrastructure, with most at Riverbend Park.

Since Bastrop County was added to the list of counties eligible for public
assistance, Smithville will be able to receive money from the Federal Emergency
Management Agency to help supplement costs. But the disaster relief fund grant
the City Council voted to apply for would help cover any additional costs not
covered by federal aid, Tamble said at the meeting.

It could be three to four months before the city knows if it is awarded a grant,
Tamble told the council.

With the recent Centerpoint Energy bill increase for residents, the council also
passed a resolution advocating for a change to state legislation regulating
future increases.

Natural gas rates increased by $2.18 per month for residential customers and by
$4.48 per month for commercial customers. In April, the council voted to delay
the rate increase until this month.

The resolution passed Monday recommends to the Texas Municipal League and the
85th Texas Legislature that changes be made to the Gas Reliability
Infrastructure Program statute to tighten control over how, when and where
future rate increase revenues are spent and allowing more local control over
potential rates.

Contact Jillian Beck at 512-321-2557.

Twitter: @Jillian_Beck

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 The Austin American-Statesman
                              All Rights Reserved


                              443 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 22, 2014 Tuesday

Pryor, Boozman, Griffin Announce Funding for Arkansas Fire Departments

LENGTH: 227  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the House of Representative Tim Griffin, U.S Government has issued the
following news release:

U.S. Senators Mark Pryor and John Boozman today joined Congressman Tim Griffin
(AR-2) to announce that two Arkansas fire departments will receive nearly
$270,000 from the U.S. Department of Homeland Security's Assistance to
Firefighters Grant Program. The Williams Junction Volunteer Fire Department will
receive $29,560 to purchase life-saving equipment, and the Jacksonport Fire
Department will receive $237,500 to purchase a water tanker/tender, which is
used to draft water from hydrants and lakes.

"Local firefighters are instrumental to the safety of our families, communities,
and property," Pryor said. "This grant will give Williams Junction and
Jacksonport Fire Departments the equipment they need to safely and effectively
respond to emergencies and save lives."

"Our firefighters deserve the tools and training they need to respond to
emergencies," Boozman said. "These are investments that play an important role
in protecting Arkansans."

"Our fire departments play a critical role in protecting Arkansans during
emergencies, and this grant will provide needed equipment to help ensure our
firefighters are better prepared to respond when our communities are
threatened," said Griffin.

For further information please visit: http://griffin.house.gov

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              444 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 22, 2014 Tuesday

Pryor, Boozman, Griffin Announce Funding for Arkansas Fire Departments

LENGTH: 227  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the House of Representative Tim Griffin, U.S Government has issued the
following news release:

U.S. Senators Mark Pryor and John Boozman today joined Congressman Tim Griffin
(AR-2) to announce that two Arkansas fire departments will receive nearly
$270,000 from the U.S. Department of Homeland Security's Assistance to
Firefighters Grant Program. The Williams Junction Volunteer Fire Department will
receive $29,560 to purchase life-saving equipment, and the Jacksonport Fire
Department will receive $237,500 to purchase a water tanker/tender, which is
used to draft water from hydrants and lakes.

"Local firefighters are instrumental to the safety of our families, communities,
and property," Pryor said. "This grant will give Williams Junction and
Jacksonport Fire Departments the equipment they need to safely and effectively
respond to emergencies and save lives."

"Our firefighters deserve the tools and training they need to respond to
emergencies," Boozman said. "These are investments that play an important role
in protecting Arkansans."

"Our fire departments play a critical role in protecting Arkansans during
emergencies, and this grant will provide needed equipment to help ensure our
firefighters are better prepared to respond when our communities are
threatened," said Griffin.

For further information please visit: http://griffin.house.gov

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              445 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                Telegraph Herald

                            April 19, 2001 Thursday

Teens excel at 'home'work ; Cassville: High-schoolers get out early to
rejuvenate the town's flood-control efforts

BYLINE: CRAIG REBER

SECTION: Pg. a1

LENGTH: 899 words

DATELINE: CASSVILLE, Wis.


Cassville High School students lent energy, muscle and enthusiasm to the
community's war against water.

Their efforts didn't go unnoticed.

Student volunteers were busy as the Mississippi River climbed to 21.1 feet early
Wednesday afternoon. There was a sense of urgency tempered by a calm, "can-do"
attitude.

Crews worked from 8:30 a.m. to 3:30 p.m. Tuesday at the Stonefield Village,
hauling historic artifacts to safety.

On Wednesday, they set their sights on Jack Oak Road, which sits along the river
on Cassville's south side.

A Stonefield veteran, Ben Retallick, 15, was among the Jack Oak Road crew that
went door-to-door. They weren't selling vacuum cleaners or Girl Scout cookies.

"I think the older people need our help," Retallick said.

"It's a mess," added Travis Caley, 19, a senior at Cassville High School. "It's
nice of the school to let us out. If they didn't, I think a lot of older people
would be in a world of hurt."

with rail at end

Jack Oak Road residents Gerry and Ambrose Mumm were among the recipients. They
had planned to call the school to seek aid. The crew beat them to the punch.

"They came to our door at noon and asked if we needed help," Gerry said. "Ninety
minutes later the job was done."

Student volunteers helped lay sandbags around the rear of the home.

"The kids did more work in 15 minutes than I could have done in a day," Ambrose
said.

Dick Schwall sought 10 sandbags. "I had them so fast," he said.

Schwall, a Lions Club member, lauded the students.

"This is true community service," he said. "If they don't start now, they won't
know how to help each other."

Harriet Deiter, of Cuba City, owns a vacation home on Jack Oak Road. Her
son-in-law and daughter aided in sandbagging efforts.

"We were a drop in the bucket compared to 20 able-bodied students," she said.
"We never would have been able to do it without them. People are pulling
together in a community effort."

Senior Cindy Berntgen, 17, praised her classmates.

"It's unbelievable how many kids have volunteered," she said. "They could be
sitting around in class or on a couch, watching TV. They want to get out and
help the community. That says a lot for kids these days."

"I'd rather be out filling sandbags," said Anthony Reynolds, 17. "It's neat
working for the community. The teachers are all for it."

Linda Hulst, who with her husband Ron owns the Eagle's Roost Resort & Motel on
Jack Oak Road, was directing crews on Wednesday. They carried furniture, bedding
and other items to safe places. She noted the water was higher than it was
during the 1993 flood, "a foot higher. ... this is depressing. When you see the
water coming up your heart just sinks."

Hulst and others were moving "everything" out of the motel and two cabins to
higher ground.

This year's flooding is the result of heavy snows over the winter combined with
two weeks of heavy rain in the Midwest.

The teenage squadron included Laura Hochhausen, 17, who lives on Jack Oak Road.

"What all needs to be done, we do," she said. "It's good letting the kids help."

Sadie Fishnick's parents operate a dairy farm north of Cassville on Wisconsin
81. A freshman, Fishnick was an eager volunteer.

"I think it's good that we're all coming together to help people," Fishnick
said. "It makes you feel good that you did something good for the community and
a chance to give back."

The Mississippi is expected to crest in Cassville at slightly over 22 feet on
Saturday morning.

Hulst knows the worst is yet to come.

"The hard part is cleaning up when this goes down and putting everything back
together," she said.

Deiter recalled the flood of 1965 that devastated the home that was then owned
by her parents.

"I hope and pray the water doesn't get that high," she said. "But it's all in
the Lord's hands. You can't do anything about the power of Mother Nature or God.
Suddenly you learn who's really in control."

Volunteers are needed to assist homeowners along the Mississippi River with
sandbagging, moving furniture, as well as assisting with office duties in the
Grant County Emergency Operations Center at Cassville.

The American Red Cross has established a shelter at the Maple Bluff Intermediate
School in Prairie du Chien. Depending on needs, a shelter may also be
established in Cassville.

Donations are being accepted by the American Red Cross, and can be sent to:
American Red Cross Disaster Relief Fund, attention Grant County Disaster
Assistance Fund, 2400 Asbury Road, Dubuque, Iowa 52001-3076. Individuals should
write "Grant County Disaster Assistance" on checks.

_________________________________

SW Wisconsin seeks volunteers, donations

Volunteers are needed to assist homeowners along the Mississippi River with
sandbagging, moving furniture, as well as assisting with office duties in the
Grant County Emergency Operations Center at Cassville.

The American Red Cross has established a shelter at the Maple Bluff Intermediate
School in Prairie du Chien. Depending on needs, a shelter may also be
established in Cassville.

Donations are being accepted by the American Red Cross, and can be sent to:
American Red Cross Disaster Relief Fund, attention Grant County Disaster
Assistance Fund, 2400 Asbury Road, Dubuque, Iowa 52001-3076. Individuals should
write "Grant County Disaster Assistance" on checks.


LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Cassville (Wis) High School niinth-grader Stephanie Koch helps a
homeowner Wednesday as the rising Mississippi river climbs to 21 feet.

                  Copyright 2001 Woodward Communications, Inc.


                              446 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             October 7, 2016 Friday

Washington: Stabenow, Peters Applaud $480,000 to Support Flint Schools Following
Water Crisis

LENGTH: 482  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Debbie Stabenow has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Senators Debbie Stabenow and Gary Peters applauded the announcement of a
$480,000 grant to Flint Community Schools from the U.S. Department of
Education's Office of Safe and Healthy Students. The funding comes from the
Project School Emergency Response to Violence (SERV) grant program. This
assistance will help Flint Community Schools hire staff and improve stable
learning environments for students, who have been affected by lead-contaminated
water.





 "Today's announcement is an important step in ensuring that every student in
Flint Community Schools has the support they need to succeed in the classroom,"
said Senator Stabenow. "This is yet another example of the Obama Administration
continuing to work with us to bring resources and funding to help the people of
Flint."



 "The water crisis in Flint has impacted the entire community, particularly
Flint's children who are more vulnerable to the negative, long-term effects of
lead exposure," said Senator Peters. "I applaud the Administration for their
continued commitment to helping Flint families with federal resources as they
work to recover from this devastating water crisis. This funding will ensure
students in Flint can continue their education and help put the City back on the
path toward a bright future."



 As a result of the water crisis, Flint Community Schools has seen a significant
decrease in student attendance. Flint Community Schools plans to use the
assistance to hire attendance agents to work with families and the community to
reduce truancy and improve attendance. The funding will also support hiring
school counselors and psychologists to address mental health needs, such as
emotional and social distress, within the student population.



 Project SERV provides funding for local educational agencies (LEAs) and
institutions of higher education (IHEs) that have experienced a significant
violent or traumatic event and need resources to respond, recover, and
re-establish a safe environment conducive to learning.



 Earlier this year, Stabenow and Peters introduced legislation to expand Head
Start and Early Head Start enrollment for Flint kids exposed to lead. In March,
the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services awarded a one-time, $3.6
million grant to expand Head Start and Early Head Start services for
preschoolers affected by Flint's lead contaminated water supply. Head Start
programming is administered by local public and private nonprofit and for-profit
agencies and includes child learning services in reading, math and science;
nutritious meals; health and developmental screenings; oral and mental health
support; behavioral and special needs services and family services.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              447 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             October 7, 2016 Friday

Washington: Peters, Stabenow Applaud $480,000 to Support Flint Schools Following
Water Crisis

LENGTH: 485  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Gary Peters has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Senators Gary Peters and Debbie Stabenow today applauded the announcement
of a $480,000 grant to Flint Community Schools from the U.S. Department of
Education's Office of Safe and Healthy Students. The funding comes from the
Project School Emergency Response to Violence (SERV) grant program. This
assistance will help Flint Community Schools hire staff and improve stable
learning environments for students, who have been affected by lead-contaminated
water.









 "The water crisis in Flint has impacted the entire community, particularly
Flint's children who are more vulnerable to the negative, long-term effects of
lead exposure,"said Senator Peters. "I applaud the Administration for their
continued commitment to helping Flint families with federal resources as they
work to recover from this devastating water crisis. This funding will ensure
students in Flint can continue their education and help put the City back on the
path toward a bright future."







 "Today's announcement is an important step in ensuring that every student in
Flint Community Schools has the support they need to succeed in the classroom,"
said Senator Stabenow. "This is yet another example of the Obama Administration
continuing to work with us to bring resources and funding to help the people of
Flint."







 As a result of the water crisis, Flint Community Schools has seen a significant
decrease in student attendance. Flint Community Schools plans to use the
assistance to hire attendance agents to work with families and the community to
reduce truancy and improve attendance. The funding will also support hiring
school counselors and psychologists to address mental health needs, such as
emotional and social distress, within the student population.







 Project SERV provides funding for local educational agencies (LEAs) and
institutions of higher education (IHEs) that have experienced a significant
violent or traumatic event and need resources to respond, recover, and
re-establish a safe environment conducive to learning.







 Earlier this year, Peters and Stabenow introduced legislation to expand Head
Start and Early Head Start enrollment for Flint kids exposed to lead. In March,
the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services awarded a one-time, $3.6
million grant to expand Head Start and Early Head Start services for
preschoolers affected by Flint's lead contaminated water supply. Head Start
programming is administered by local public and private nonprofit and for-profit
agencies and includes child learning services in reading, math and science;
nutritious meals; health and developmental screenings; oral and mental health
support; behavioral and special needs services and family services.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              448 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                          December 10, 2014 Wednesday

Yolanda, one year later: from relief to reconstruction: ADB's Stephen Groff

LENGTH: 343  words

DATELINE: MANILA, PHILIPPINES


Yolanda was one of the worst storms in history, smashing into some of the
poorest parts of the country. Though the death toll from the 2004 Indian Ocean
tsunami was tragically much higher, Yolanda destroyed five times as many houses,
10 times as many schools, displaced nearly twice as many people, and caused far
more devastation to local agriculture. The crisis elicited an urgent response
from the government, in coordination with multiple humanitarian agencies. The
initial emergency relief effort was conducted amid scenes of utter devastation,
but its results are clearly visible 12 months later. Immediate food assistance
was delivered to nearly 4 million people and unconditional cash transfers to
more than 700,000. Electricity was restored, water supplies reconnected, and
disease outbreaks averted by well-coordinated public health and debris-clearing
programs.


The Asian Development Bank (ADB) stepped in quickly with a $900 million
assistance package including $23 million in grant funding and an emergency
assistance loan of $500 million. Also, ADB administers the Yolanda Multi-Donor
Trust Fund, established earlier this year as a channel for contributions from
bilateral and multilateral institutions and the private sector. Supported by
international agencies including ADB, the government took only weeks to deliver
a rebuilding plan, Reconstruction Assistance on Yolanda (RAY); Build Back
Better. This laid the groundwork for the 3000-page Comprehensive Rehabilitation
and Recovery Plan (CRRP) listing more than 18,000 projects and programs in 171
municipalities and cities across the Yolanda-affected zone.
The CRRP, approved on October 30 by President Benigno Aquino, contains the seeds
of a new start for decimated communities. Now the challenge is to implement it
without delay. Sadly, there are still too many survivors lacking adequate
shelter and livelihoods, who must be helped. The scale of the long-term
challenge is vast as well, as we move into a crucial phase of a rebuilding
process that could take another three years at least.

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              449 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Capital Times (Madison, Wisconsin)

                              June 27, 2008 Friday
                                6:37 PM EDITION

DOYLE ANNOUNCES LOCAL AID FOR 14 COUNTIES

BYLINE: MIKE MILLER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. WEB

LENGTH: 387 words


Gov. James E. Doyle announced Friday that local governments in 14 Wisconsin
counties are eligible to receive federal disaster assistance for costs and
cleanup associated with the recent flooding in the state.

The aid will allow municipalities to recover some of the costs of debris
removal, emergency response services related to the flooding, and repairing and
replacing damaged public buildings and roads.

Counties named in the federal disaster declaration for the Federal Emergency
Management Agency (FEMA) include Adams, Columbia, Crawford, Dane, Dodge, Grant,
Iowa, Lafayette, Monroe, Milwaukee, Richland, Sauk, Vernon and Winnebago
Counties. Doyle said he will request additional counties be added to the program
when damage assessments are completed.

As currently established FEMA will provide reimbursement to local and state
agencies, and to certain non-profit agencies, for 75 percent of the total
eligible costs. The remaining costs are split between the state and local
governments, with each being responsible for 12.5 percent of the cost.

But Doyle and other Midwestern governors asked President George W. Bush last
week to increase the amount paid by FEMA to 90 percent, thus leaving the states
and local governments to split only 10 percent of the costs.

Reducing Wisconsin's public share will greatly alleviate the enormous stress on
local and state governments caused by multiple disasters in the state in the
last weeks, Doyle said.

The governor, as he has done before, also praised FEMA's efforts in the state as
citizens and governments alike struggled with ever increasing flood waters.

"I want to thank FEMA for their swift response to assist Wisconsin communities
and families ravaged by flooding," the governor said. "This funding will provide
critical support to community efforts to rebuild and repair public facilities
damaged by this month's severe storms," Doyle said.

Federal disaster declarations which allow for individuals to apply for
assistance have been made in 29 counties, following Bush's declaration Friday of
Manitowoc County as a federal disaster area.

To date, over 21,000 individuals and businesses in those counties have applied
for assistant in grants and low income loans and FEMA has given out more than
$11.8 million in grants for temporary housing and home repairs in those
counties.

LOAD-DATE: June 29, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              450 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             October 2, 2015 Friday

Adoption of Uniform Administrative Requirements, Cost Principles, and Audit
Requirements for Federal Awards; States and Tribal Mitigation Planning
Regulations Change

LENGTH: 2702 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 WASHINGTON, DC:  This Rule document was issued by the Federal Emergency
Management Agency (FEMA)


  Action

  Final rule.

  Summary

  On December 19, 2014, all Federal award-making agencies, including the
Department of Homeland Security (DHS) and its component, the Federal Emergency
Management Agency (FEMA), published a joint interim final rule implementing the
Office of Management and Budget (OMB)'s Uniform Administrative Requirements,
Cost Principles, and Audit Requirements for Federal Awards. DHS and FEMA now
adopt, with one change, the interim final rule as final. The change restores
language in the FEMA State and Tribal mitigation planning regulations that was
inadvertently removed by the interim final rule.

  Dates

  Effective Date: November 2, 2015.

  For Further Information Contact

  Andrea Brandon, Director, Financial Assistance Policy and Oversight (FAPO),
Office of the Chief Financial Officer (OCIO), DHS, at (202) 447-0675 or
Andrea.Brandon@hq.dhs.gov Paul Huang, Acting Division Director, Risk Analysis
Division, Federal Insurance and Mitigation Administration, DHS/FEMA, at (202)
646-3252 or Paul.Huang@fema.dhs.gov

  Supplementary Information

  I. Background

  On November 23, 2009, the President issued Executive Order 13520
(&ldquo;Reducing Improper Payments and Eliminating Waste in Federal
Programs&rdquo;). On February 28, 2011, the President issued a Presidential
Memorandum (&ldquo;Administrative Flexibility, Lower Costs, and Better Results
for State, Local, and Tribal Governments&rdquo;). These documents directed OMB
to work with Executive Branch agencies to potentially establish reforms on
Federal grant policies.

  In response, on October 27, 2011, OMB established the Council on Financial
Assistance Reform, an interagency group of Executive Branch officials tasked
with creating an accountable structure to coordinate financial assistance,
streamline Federal grant-making requirements, ease administrative burdens, and
strengthen Federal fund oversight to reduce risks of waste, fraud, and abuse.

  On February 28, 2012, OMB published an Advanced Notice of Proposed Guidance.
See 77 FR 11778. On February 1, 2013, OMB published a Notice of Proposed
Guidance. See 78 FR 7282. Both documents solicited public comment on ideas for
reforming the requirements that govern the management of Federal financial
assistance awards. On December 26, 2013, OMB published the Uniform Guidance,
which added Part 200 (&ldquo;OMB Guidance&rdquo;) to Title 2 (&ldquo;Grants and
Agreements&rdquo;) of the Code of Federal Regulations. See 79 FR 75871. The
Uniform Guidance included:


   The consolidation of eight previously-issued OMB Circulars on grants and
awards;

   A uniform set of administrative requirements for grant recipients;

   A focus on grantee performance over compliance for accountability;

   An emphasis on efficient uses of information technology and shared services;

   A uniform set of cost principles that treats costs transparently and
consistently;

   A limitation on allowable costs in order to make best uses of Federal
resources;

   The standardization of business processes using consistent data element
definitions;

   An emphasis on oversight by reviewing risks prior to awarding grants; and

   A uniform set of audit requirements that prioritizes identifying the risks of
fraud, waste, and abuse.


  The Uniform Guidance required Federal agencies to implement the policies and
procedures applicable to Federal awards by promulgating a regulation to be
effective by December 26, 2014. See 2 CFR 200.110.

  On December 19, 2014, all Federal award-making agencies promulgated a joint
interim final rule implementing the Uniform Administrative Requirements, Cost
Principles, and Audit Requirements for Federal Awards. See 79 FR 75871. In the
interim final rule, DHS adopted OMB's Guidance as DHS's own via 2 CFR part 3002,
and FEMA removed 44 CFR part 13 (FEMA's grant administration regulations). Also,
throughout Title 44, FEMA replaced all references to Part 13 with corresponding
references to 2 CFR parts 200 and 3002, as applicable.

  During the joint interim final rule's comment period, OMB received 61 comments
from individuals and organizations. No comments OMB received referenced DHS or
FEMA. Thus, DHS and FEMA are adopting the interim final rule as final, with one
change.

  II. Change to December 19, 2014 Interim Final Rule

  FEMA's mitigation planning regulations are located at 44 CFR part 201, and set
forth instructions on the policies and procedures for State, Tribal, and local
hazard mitigation planning. Hazard mitigation is any sustained action taken to
reduce or eliminate long-term risk to people and property from natural hazards
and their effects. The purpose of hazard mitigation planning is to identify
policies and actions that can be implemented over the long-term to reduce risk
and future losses. State, Indian Tribal, and local governments are required to
develop a hazard mitigation plan as one of the conditions for establishing
eligibility for certain types of Federal non-emergency disaster assistance and
FEMA mitigation grants.

  The December 19, 2014 joint interim final rule contained an inadvertent
errorto FEMA's Standard State Mitigation Planning regulations at 44 CFR
201.4(c)(7) and to FEMA's Tribal Mitigation Planning regulations at 44 CFR
201.7(c)(6). Prior to the December 19, 2014 joint interim final rule, these
sections read as published in Title 44 of the Code of Federal Regulations,
revised as of October 1, 2014.

  In the December 19, 2014 joint interim final rule, FEMA revised the first
sentences of 44 CFR 201.4(c)(7) and 44 CFR 201.7(c)(6) with a general citation
to 2 CFR parts 200 and 3002. However, FEMA unintentionally removed the second
sentence of these sections and thus inadvertently removed a procedure by which
States and Indian Tribal governments amend their mitigation plans when necessary
to reflect changes in State, Indian Tribal, or Federal laws or regulations. In
this final rule, FEMA is reinserting this provision.

  While FEMA previously referenced 44 CFR 13.11(d) in both 44 CFR 201.4(c)(7)
and in 44 CFR 201.7(c)(6), FEMA, as noted above, removed 44 CFR part 13 and
replaced all references to Part 13 with corresponding references to 2 CFR parts
200 and 3002, as applicable. There are no corresponding pinpoint cites in 2 CFR
part 200 or Part 3002 that replace the requirements found at 44 CFR 13.11(d).
Thus, FEMA cannot carry this reference over to the revised regulations. FEMA
regulations have included the procedure for States and Indian Tribal governments
since 2002 and 2007, respectively, to amend their plans to reflect changes in
State, Indian Tribal, or Federal laws, statutes and regulations, as applicable.
As FEMA is simply reinserting an inadvertently removed and longstanding
provision, this change does not create new program requirements. FEMA also
describes these provisions in various guidance materials and is revising the
references as applicable.  (1)

  III. Regulatory Analyses

  A. Executive Order 12866 Determination

  Pursuant to Executive Order 12866, as amended, OMB's Office of Information and
Regulatory Affairs (OIRA) has designated this final rule to be not significant.

  B. Administrative Procedure Act

  The Administrative Procedure Act (APA) provides that an agency may dispense
with notice and comment rulemaking procedures when it promulgates an
interpretive rule, a general statement of policy, or a rule of agency
organization, procedure, or practice. See 5 U.S.C. 553(b)(A). DHS is issuing
this change to reinstate FEMA procedures inadvertently removed in the interim
final rule, related to ensuring mitigation plan compliance with applicable laws
and regulations. Thus, DHS finds that this part of the final rule relates to
agency procedures and is exempt from notice and comment.

  In addition, the APA provides that an agency may dispense with notice and
comment rulemaking procedures when an agency, for good cause, finds those
procedures are impracticable, unnecessary, or contrary to the public interest.
See 5 U.S.C. 553(b)(B). DHS is reinserting two provisions concerning mitigation
plan compliance with applicable laws and regulations, a requirement that was
already present in 44 CFR 201.4(c)(7) and 44 CFR 201.7(c)(6). Thus, DHS finds
that notice and comment is unnecessary and that this part of the final rule is
exempt from notice and comment.

  C. Regulatory Flexibility Act

  The Regulatory Flexibility Act (RFA) requires an agency that is issuing a
final rule to provide a final regulatory flexibility analysis or to certify that
the rule will not have a significant economic impact on a substantial number of
small entities. This final rule imposes no cost as the common interim rule
implemented OMB final guidance issued on December 26, 2013, and did not have a
significant economic impact beyond the impact of the December 2013 guidance.

  D. Unfunded Mandates Reform Act

  The Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995, Public Law 104-4, 109 Stat. 48 (Mar.
22, 1995) (2 U.S.C. 1501 et seq.), requires Federal agencies to assess the
effects of their discretionary regulatory actions that may result in the
expenditure by a State, local, or Tribal government, in the aggregate, or by the
private sector of $100,000,000 or more in any one year. As the final rule would
not have an impact greater than $100,000,000 or more in any one year, it is not
an unfunded Federal mandate.

  E. Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) of 1995

  In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 (44 U.S.C. Ch. 3506; 5
CFR Appendix A.1) (PRA), DHS and FEMA reviewed this final rule and have
determined that there are no new collections of information contained therein.

  F. Executive Order 13175, Consultation and Coordination With Indian Tribal
Governments

  Executive Order 13175, &ldquo;Consultation and Coordination With Indian Tribal
Governments,&rdquo; (65 FR 67249, Nov. 9, 2000), applies to agency regulations
that have Tribal implications, that is, regulations that have substantial direct
effects on one or more Indian Tribes, on the relationship between the Federal
Government and Indian Tribes, or on the distribution of power and
responsibilities between the Federal Government and Indian Tribes. Under this
Executive Order, to the extent practicable and permitted by law, no agency shall
promulgate any regulation that has Tribal implications, that imposes substantial
direct compliance costs on Indian Tribal governments, and that is not required
by statute, unless funds necessary to pay the direct costs incurred by the
Indian Tribal government or the Tribe in complying with the regulation are
provided by the Federal Government, or the agency consults with Tribal
officials. DHS and FEMA have determined that this final rule does not have any
Tribal implications.

  G. Executive Order 13132 Determination

  DHS and FEMA have determined that this final rule does not have any federalism
implications, as required by Executive Order 13132.


   List of Subjects

   Accounting, Administrative practice and procedure, Adult education, Aged,
Agriculture, American Samoa, Bilingual education, Blind, Business and industry,
Civil rights, Colleges and universities, Communications, Community development,
Community facilities, Copyright, Credit, Cultural exchange programs, Educational
facilities, Educational research, Education, Education of disadvantaged,
Education of individuals with disabilities, Educational study programs, Electric
power, Electric power rates, Electric utilities, Elementary and secondary
education, Energy conservation, Equal educational opportunity, Federally
affected areas, Government contracts, Grant programs, Grant
programs-agriculture, Grant programs-business and industry, Grant
programs-communications, Grantprograms-education, Grant programs-energy, Grant
programs-health, Grant programs-housing and community development, Grant
programs-social programs, Grant administration, Guam, Home improvement,
Homeless, Hospitals, Housing, Human research subjects, Indians,
Indians-education, Infants and children, Insurance, Intergovernmental relations,
International organizations, Inventions and patents, Loan programs, Loan
programs social programs, Loan programs-agriculture, Loan programs-business and
industry, Loan programs-communications, Loan programs-energy, Loan
programs-health, Loan programs-housing and community development, Manpower
training programs, Migrant labor, Mortgage insurance, Nonprofit organizations,
Northern Mariana Islands, Pacific Islands Trust Territories, Privacy, Renewable
Energy, Reporting and recordkeeping requirements, Rural areas, Scholarships and
fellowships, School construction, Schools, Science and technology, Securities,
Small businesses, State and local governments, Student aid, Teachers,
Telecommunications, Telephone, Urban areas, Veterans, Virgin Islands, Vocational
education, Vocational rehabilitation, Waste treatment and disposal, Water
pollution control, Water resources, Water supply, Watersheds, Women.

   Accounting, Grant programs, Indians, Intergovernmental relations, Reporting
and recordkeeping requirements.

   Flood insurance, Grant programs.

   Flood insurance, Grant programs.

   Fire prevention, Grant programs, Reporting and recordkeeping requirements.

   Administrative practice and procedure, Disaster assistance, Grant programs,
Reporting and recordkeeping requirements.

   Administrative practice and procedure, Coastal zone, Community facilities,
Disaster assistance, Fire prevention, Grant programs-housing and community
development, Housing, Insurance, Intergovernmental relations, Loan
programs-housing and community development, Natural resources, Penalties,
Reporting and recordkeeping requirements.

   Administrative practice and procedure, Disaster assistance, Grant programs,
Reporting and recordkeeping requirements.

   Disaster assistance, grant programs.

   American Samoa, Civil defense, Grant programs-National defense, Guam,
Northern Mariana Islands, Reporting and recordkeeping requirements, Virgin
Islands.

   Civil defense, Disaster assistance, Education, Grant programs-education,
Intergovernmental relations, Reporting and recordkeeping requirements.

   Disaster assistance, Grant programs-housing and community development,
Reporting and recordkeeping requirements.


  Accordingly, the interim final rule amending 2 CFR part 3002 and 44 CFR parts
13, 78, 79, 152, 201, 204, 206, 207, 208, 304, 360, and 361, which was published
in theFederal Registerat 79 FR 75871 on December 19, 2014, is adopted as final
with the following changes:


   Regulatory Text

   Title 44--Emergency Management and Assistance

   Part 201 Mitigation Planning


    1. The authority citation for Part 201 continues to read as follows:



    Authority:

    Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act, 42 U.S.C.
5121 through 5207; Reorganization Plan No. 3 of 1978, 43 FR 41943, 3 CFR, 1978
Comp., p. 329; Homeland Security Act of 2002, 6 U.S.C. 101; E.O. 12127, 44 FR
19367, 3 CFR, 1979 Comp., p. 376; E.O. 12148, 44 FR 43239, 3 CFR, 1979 Comp., p.
412; E.O. 13286, 68 FR 10619, 3 CFR, 2003 Comp., p. 166.



    2. Section 201.4 is amended by adding a sentence to the end of paragraph
(c)(7) to read as follows:


   &sect; 201.4 Standard State Mitigation Plans.

   * * * * *

   (c) * * *

   (7) * * * The State will amend its plan whenever necessary to reflect changes
in State or Federal statutes and regulations.

   * * * * *


    3. Section 201.7 is amended by adding a sentence to the end of paragraph
(c)(6) to read as follows:


   &sect; 201.7 Tribal Mitigation Plans.

   * * * * *

   (c) * * *

   (6) * * * The Indian Tribal government will amend its plan whenever necessary
to reflect changes in Tribal or Federal laws and statutes.

   * * * * *



   Dated: September 22, 2015.

   Jeh Charles Johnson,

   Secretary of Homeland Security.

 [FR Doc. 2015-24584 Filed 10-1-15; 8:45 am]
 BILLING CODE 9111-66-P, 9110-17-P


 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              451 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             October 2, 2015 Friday

Adoption of Uniform Administrative Requirements, Cost Principles, and Audit
Requirements for Federal Awards; States and Tribal Mitigation Planning
Regulations Change

LENGTH: 2702 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 WASHINGTON, DC:  This Rule document was issued by the Federal Emergency
Management Agency (FEMA)


  Action

  Final rule.

  Summary

  On December 19, 2014, all Federal award-making agencies, including the
Department of Homeland Security (DHS) and its component, the Federal Emergency
Management Agency (FEMA), published a joint interim final rule implementing the
Office of Management and Budget (OMB)'s Uniform Administrative Requirements,
Cost Principles, and Audit Requirements for Federal Awards. DHS and FEMA now
adopt, with one change, the interim final rule as final. The change restores
language in the FEMA State and Tribal mitigation planning regulations that was
inadvertently removed by the interim final rule.

  Dates

  Effective Date: November 2, 2015.

  For Further Information Contact

  Andrea Brandon, Director, Financial Assistance Policy and Oversight (FAPO),
Office of the Chief Financial Officer (OCIO), DHS, at (202) 447-0675 or
Andrea.Brandon@hq.dhs.gov Paul Huang, Acting Division Director, Risk Analysis
Division, Federal Insurance and Mitigation Administration, DHS/FEMA, at (202)
646-3252 or Paul.Huang@fema.dhs.gov

  Supplementary Information

  I. Background

  On November 23, 2009, the President issued Executive Order 13520
(&ldquo;Reducing Improper Payments and Eliminating Waste in Federal
Programs&rdquo;). On February 28, 2011, the President issued a Presidential
Memorandum (&ldquo;Administrative Flexibility, Lower Costs, and Better Results
for State, Local, and Tribal Governments&rdquo;). These documents directed OMB
to work with Executive Branch agencies to potentially establish reforms on
Federal grant policies.

  In response, on October 27, 2011, OMB established the Council on Financial
Assistance Reform, an interagency group of Executive Branch officials tasked
with creating an accountable structure to coordinate financial assistance,
streamline Federal grant-making requirements, ease administrative burdens, and
strengthen Federal fund oversight to reduce risks of waste, fraud, and abuse.

  On February 28, 2012, OMB published an Advanced Notice of Proposed Guidance.
See 77 FR 11778. On February 1, 2013, OMB published a Notice of Proposed
Guidance. See 78 FR 7282. Both documents solicited public comment on ideas for
reforming the requirements that govern the management of Federal financial
assistance awards. On December 26, 2013, OMB published the Uniform Guidance,
which added Part 200 (&ldquo;OMB Guidance&rdquo;) to Title 2 (&ldquo;Grants and
Agreements&rdquo;) of the Code of Federal Regulations. See 79 FR 75871. The
Uniform Guidance included:


   The consolidation of eight previously-issued OMB Circulars on grants and
awards;

   A uniform set of administrative requirements for grant recipients;

   A focus on grantee performance over compliance for accountability;

   An emphasis on efficient uses of information technology and shared services;

   A uniform set of cost principles that treats costs transparently and
consistently;

   A limitation on allowable costs in order to make best uses of Federal
resources;

   The standardization of business processes using consistent data element
definitions;

   An emphasis on oversight by reviewing risks prior to awarding grants; and

   A uniform set of audit requirements that prioritizes identifying the risks of
fraud, waste, and abuse.


  The Uniform Guidance required Federal agencies to implement the policies and
procedures applicable to Federal awards by promulgating a regulation to be
effective by December 26, 2014. See 2 CFR 200.110.

  On December 19, 2014, all Federal award-making agencies promulgated a joint
interim final rule implementing the Uniform Administrative Requirements, Cost
Principles, and Audit Requirements for Federal Awards. See 79 FR 75871. In the
interim final rule, DHS adopted OMB's Guidance as DHS's own via 2 CFR part 3002,
and FEMA removed 44 CFR part 13 (FEMA's grant administration regulations). Also,
throughout Title 44, FEMA replaced all references to Part 13 with corresponding
references to 2 CFR parts 200 and 3002, as applicable.

  During the joint interim final rule's comment period, OMB received 61 comments
from individuals and organizations. No comments OMB received referenced DHS or
FEMA. Thus, DHS and FEMA are adopting the interim final rule as final, with one
change.

  II. Change to December 19, 2014 Interim Final Rule

  FEMA's mitigation planning regulations are located at 44 CFR part 201, and set
forth instructions on the policies and procedures for State, Tribal, and local
hazard mitigation planning. Hazard mitigation is any sustained action taken to
reduce or eliminate long-term risk to people and property from natural hazards
and their effects. The purpose of hazard mitigation planning is to identify
policies and actions that can be implemented over the long-term to reduce risk
and future losses. State, Indian Tribal, and local governments are required to
develop a hazard mitigation plan as one of the conditions for establishing
eligibility for certain types of Federal non-emergency disaster assistance and
FEMA mitigation grants.

  The December 19, 2014 joint interim final rule contained an inadvertent
errorto FEMA's Standard State Mitigation Planning regulations at 44 CFR
201.4(c)(7) and to FEMA's Tribal Mitigation Planning regulations at 44 CFR
201.7(c)(6). Prior to the December 19, 2014 joint interim final rule, these
sections read as published in Title 44 of the Code of Federal Regulations,
revised as of October 1, 2014.

  In the December 19, 2014 joint interim final rule, FEMA revised the first
sentences of 44 CFR 201.4(c)(7) and 44 CFR 201.7(c)(6) with a general citation
to 2 CFR parts 200 and 3002. However, FEMA unintentionally removed the second
sentence of these sections and thus inadvertently removed a procedure by which
States and Indian Tribal governments amend their mitigation plans when necessary
to reflect changes in State, Indian Tribal, or Federal laws or regulations. In
this final rule, FEMA is reinserting this provision.

  While FEMA previously referenced 44 CFR 13.11(d) in both 44 CFR 201.4(c)(7)
and in 44 CFR 201.7(c)(6), FEMA, as noted above, removed 44 CFR part 13 and
replaced all references to Part 13 with corresponding references to 2 CFR parts
200 and 3002, as applicable. There are no corresponding pinpoint cites in 2 CFR
part 200 or Part 3002 that replace the requirements found at 44 CFR 13.11(d).
Thus, FEMA cannot carry this reference over to the revised regulations. FEMA
regulations have included the procedure for States and Indian Tribal governments
since 2002 and 2007, respectively, to amend their plans to reflect changes in
State, Indian Tribal, or Federal laws, statutes and regulations, as applicable.
As FEMA is simply reinserting an inadvertently removed and longstanding
provision, this change does not create new program requirements. FEMA also
describes these provisions in various guidance materials and is revising the
references as applicable.  (1)

  III. Regulatory Analyses

  A. Executive Order 12866 Determination

  Pursuant to Executive Order 12866, as amended, OMB's Office of Information and
Regulatory Affairs (OIRA) has designated this final rule to be not significant.

  B. Administrative Procedure Act

  The Administrative Procedure Act (APA) provides that an agency may dispense
with notice and comment rulemaking procedures when it promulgates an
interpretive rule, a general statement of policy, or a rule of agency
organization, procedure, or practice. See 5 U.S.C. 553(b)(A). DHS is issuing
this change to reinstate FEMA procedures inadvertently removed in the interim
final rule, related to ensuring mitigation plan compliance with applicable laws
and regulations. Thus, DHS finds that this part of the final rule relates to
agency procedures and is exempt from notice and comment.

  In addition, the APA provides that an agency may dispense with notice and
comment rulemaking procedures when an agency, for good cause, finds those
procedures are impracticable, unnecessary, or contrary to the public interest.
See 5 U.S.C. 553(b)(B). DHS is reinserting two provisions concerning mitigation
plan compliance with applicable laws and regulations, a requirement that was
already present in 44 CFR 201.4(c)(7) and 44 CFR 201.7(c)(6). Thus, DHS finds
that notice and comment is unnecessary and that this part of the final rule is
exempt from notice and comment.

  C. Regulatory Flexibility Act

  The Regulatory Flexibility Act (RFA) requires an agency that is issuing a
final rule to provide a final regulatory flexibility analysis or to certify that
the rule will not have a significant economic impact on a substantial number of
small entities. This final rule imposes no cost as the common interim rule
implemented OMB final guidance issued on December 26, 2013, and did not have a
significant economic impact beyond the impact of the December 2013 guidance.

  D. Unfunded Mandates Reform Act

  The Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995, Public Law 104-4, 109 Stat. 48 (Mar.
22, 1995) (2 U.S.C. 1501 et seq.), requires Federal agencies to assess the
effects of their discretionary regulatory actions that may result in the
expenditure by a State, local, or Tribal government, in the aggregate, or by the
private sector of $100,000,000 or more in any one year. As the final rule would
not have an impact greater than $100,000,000 or more in any one year, it is not
an unfunded Federal mandate.

  E. Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) of 1995

  In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 (44 U.S.C. Ch. 3506; 5
CFR Appendix A.1) (PRA), DHS and FEMA reviewed this final rule and have
determined that there are no new collections of information contained therein.

  F. Executive Order 13175, Consultation and Coordination With Indian Tribal
Governments

  Executive Order 13175, &ldquo;Consultation and Coordination With Indian Tribal
Governments,&rdquo; (65 FR 67249, Nov. 9, 2000), applies to agency regulations
that have Tribal implications, that is, regulations that have substantial direct
effects on one or more Indian Tribes, on the relationship between the Federal
Government and Indian Tribes, or on the distribution of power and
responsibilities between the Federal Government and Indian Tribes. Under this
Executive Order, to the extent practicable and permitted by law, no agency shall
promulgate any regulation that has Tribal implications, that imposes substantial
direct compliance costs on Indian Tribal governments, and that is not required
by statute, unless funds necessary to pay the direct costs incurred by the
Indian Tribal government or the Tribe in complying with the regulation are
provided by the Federal Government, or the agency consults with Tribal
officials. DHS and FEMA have determined that this final rule does not have any
Tribal implications.

  G. Executive Order 13132 Determination

  DHS and FEMA have determined that this final rule does not have any federalism
implications, as required by Executive Order 13132.


   List of Subjects

   Accounting, Administrative practice and procedure, Adult education, Aged,
Agriculture, American Samoa, Bilingual education, Blind, Business and industry,
Civil rights, Colleges and universities, Communications, Community development,
Community facilities, Copyright, Credit, Cultural exchange programs, Educational
facilities, Educational research, Education, Education of disadvantaged,
Education of individuals with disabilities, Educational study programs, Electric
power, Electric power rates, Electric utilities, Elementary and secondary
education, Energy conservation, Equal educational opportunity, Federally
affected areas, Government contracts, Grant programs, Grant
programs-agriculture, Grant programs-business and industry, Grant
programs-communications, Grantprograms-education, Grant programs-energy, Grant
programs-health, Grant programs-housing and community development, Grant
programs-social programs, Grant administration, Guam, Home improvement,
Homeless, Hospitals, Housing, Human research subjects, Indians,
Indians-education, Infants and children, Insurance, Intergovernmental relations,
International organizations, Inventions and patents, Loan programs, Loan
programs social programs, Loan programs-agriculture, Loan programs-business and
industry, Loan programs-communications, Loan programs-energy, Loan
programs-health, Loan programs-housing and community development, Manpower
training programs, Migrant labor, Mortgage insurance, Nonprofit organizations,
Northern Mariana Islands, Pacific Islands Trust Territories, Privacy, Renewable
Energy, Reporting and recordkeeping requirements, Rural areas, Scholarships and
fellowships, School construction, Schools, Science and technology, Securities,
Small businesses, State and local governments, Student aid, Teachers,
Telecommunications, Telephone, Urban areas, Veterans, Virgin Islands, Vocational
education, Vocational rehabilitation, Waste treatment and disposal, Water
pollution control, Water resources, Water supply, Watersheds, Women.

   Accounting, Grant programs, Indians, Intergovernmental relations, Reporting
and recordkeeping requirements.

   Flood insurance, Grant programs.

   Flood insurance, Grant programs.

   Fire prevention, Grant programs, Reporting and recordkeeping requirements.

   Administrative practice and procedure, Disaster assistance, Grant programs,
Reporting and recordkeeping requirements.

   Administrative practice and procedure, Coastal zone, Community facilities,
Disaster assistance, Fire prevention, Grant programs-housing and community
development, Housing, Insurance, Intergovernmental relations, Loan
programs-housing and community development, Natural resources, Penalties,
Reporting and recordkeeping requirements.

   Administrative practice and procedure, Disaster assistance, Grant programs,
Reporting and recordkeeping requirements.

   Disaster assistance, grant programs.

   American Samoa, Civil defense, Grant programs-National defense, Guam,
Northern Mariana Islands, Reporting and recordkeeping requirements, Virgin
Islands.

   Civil defense, Disaster assistance, Education, Grant programs-education,
Intergovernmental relations, Reporting and recordkeeping requirements.

   Disaster assistance, Grant programs-housing and community development,
Reporting and recordkeeping requirements.


  Accordingly, the interim final rule amending 2 CFR part 3002 and 44 CFR parts
13, 78, 79, 152, 201, 204, 206, 207, 208, 304, 360, and 361, which was published
in theFederal Registerat 79 FR 75871 on December 19, 2014, is adopted as final
with the following changes:


   Regulatory Text

   Title 44--Emergency Management and Assistance

   Part 201 Mitigation Planning


    1. The authority citation for Part 201 continues to read as follows:



    Authority:

    Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act, 42 U.S.C.
5121 through 5207; Reorganization Plan No. 3 of 1978, 43 FR 41943, 3 CFR, 1978
Comp., p. 329; Homeland Security Act of 2002, 6 U.S.C. 101; E.O. 12127, 44 FR
19367, 3 CFR, 1979 Comp., p. 376; E.O. 12148, 44 FR 43239, 3 CFR, 1979 Comp., p.
412; E.O. 13286, 68 FR 10619, 3 CFR, 2003 Comp., p. 166.



    2. Section 201.4 is amended by adding a sentence to the end of paragraph
(c)(7) to read as follows:


   &sect; 201.4 Standard State Mitigation Plans.

   * * * * *

   (c) * * *

   (7) * * * The State will amend its plan whenever necessary to reflect changes
in State or Federal statutes and regulations.

   * * * * *


    3. Section 201.7 is amended by adding a sentence to the end of paragraph
(c)(6) to read as follows:


   &sect; 201.7 Tribal Mitigation Plans.

   * * * * *

   (c) * * *

   (6) * * * The Indian Tribal government will amend its plan whenever necessary
to reflect changes in Tribal or Federal laws and statutes.

   * * * * *



   Dated: September 22, 2015.

   Jeh Charles Johnson,

   Secretary of Homeland Security.

 [FR Doc. 2015-24584 Filed 10-1-15; 8:45 am]
 BILLING CODE 9111-66-P, 9110-17-P


 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              452 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 18, 2016 Thursday

Governor Cuomo Announces State Response to Help City of Amsterdam Improve Aging
Water Infrastructure

LENGTH: 660  words

DATELINE: New York



 Albany: New York State Department of Public Service has issued the following
document (news):







 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com
 Governor Andrew M. Cuomo today announced $5 million is available to improve
aging water infrastructure in the City of Amsterdam following a sewer line break
along Forest Avenue last month. The funding, which includes $1.25 million from
the NYS Water Infrastructure Improvement Act and a zero interest loan of $3.75
million from the Clean Water State Revolving Fund, will help the city prevent
future sewer overflow events.





  "Aging water infrastructure can harm the environment and put the health and
safety of residents at risk," Governor Cuomo said. "With this funding, we are
helping the City of Amsterdam make necessary repairs and ensure that its
critical water infrastructure needs are met for the future."



 Department of Environmental Conservation Commissioner Basil Seggos said, "When
I visited the City of Amsterdam on August 1 I informed leaders there that the
state continues to stand with them, offering technical assistance, funding and
any additional help needed. It's great to see the City take these important
steps to improve water infrastructure."



 On Monday, July 25, The City reported to DEC through the NY Alert System that a
break in a sewer line was causing an estimated 50 gallons per minute of
untreated sewage into the North Chuctanunda Creek, which is adjacent to the
Mohawk River. Approximately 500,000 gallons of sewage leaked before crews
managed to install a pumping system to bypass the damaged section of pipe,
virtually eliminated any discharge by June 30.



 On August 1, Governor Cuomo directed the Department of Environmental
Conservation and Environmental Facilities Corporation to meet with the City and
asses options for fixing the sewage infrastructure failure. Additionally, the
state identified potential funding options such as the Water Infrastructure
Improvement Act of 2015, Environmental Facility Corporation subsidized loans,
Engineering Planning Grants and water Quality Improvement Program grants. DEC is
also currently in discussion with Amsterdam to make further improvements on
their aging wastewater infrastructure, including the updating of a comprehensive
existing compliance order.



 City of Amsterdam Mayor Michael Villa said, "The cooperation with all levels of
government has been very refreshing, and I appreciate the personal support from
Governor Cuomo, Senator Amedore and Assemblyman Santabarbara. Improving water
and sewer infrastructure is a non-partisan issue, and our City is very
encouraged and thankful for all the financial and engineering support to address
our infrastructure needs."



 Senator George Amedore said, "This is great news for the city of Amsterdam
after being plagued by sewer issues that continue to cost taxpayers money and
cause damage to our environment. These funds will help them make necessary sewer
line improvements that are long overdue. I commend Mayor Villa for his tenacity,
leadership and partnership on this issue, and also the Governor's office for
seeing the urgency of the situation in Amsterdam. A reliable and safe
infrastructure is the foundation for a strong economy and healthy communities,
and I'm happy that Amsterdam is going to receive this much-needed assistance."



 Assemblyman Angelo Santabarbara said, "I thank the Governor for responding to
our call for emergency funding for the critical infrastructure repairs needed in
the city of Amsterdam. This funding will not only aid in the municipality's need
for immediate repairs to its sanitary sewer infrastructure, but also restore
funds drawn from other important areas of the city's budget. Aging
infrastructure across our Upstate communities is in desperate need and the
emergency funds now made available are a good investment in the future of our
great city of Amsterdam."



LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              453 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Capital Times (Madison, Wisconsin)

                              June 16, 2008 Monday
                                7:59 AM EDITION

FLOOD ASSISTANCE AVAILABLE THROUGH FEMA

BYLINE: Doug Shore

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. WEB

LENGTH: 562 words


Residents of Wisconsin counties that have been declared disaster areas can apply
for assistance for damage caused by recent storms.

President Bush has declared several Wisconsin counties to be disaster areas,
including Columbia, Crawford, Sauk, Vernon, and Milwaukee. Richland County may
be added to the list.

Citizens who wish to apply for assistance should call 1-800-621-FEMA (3362) or
apply online at www.fema.gov. Those with speech and hearing impairments may call
TTY 1-800-462-7585.

Individuals applying for assistance are asked to have the following information
available: telephone and social security number, address, name of insurance
company and policy number, and general list of damages.

FEMA is advising citizens that their disaster relief will usually only cover
basic needs and not provide compensation for an entire loss. Individuals in
certain counties may be eligible for aid for home repair or temporary housing.
Some victims may be eligible for grants or low-interest loans.

A disaster assessment field office will open in Madison on Tuesday. The Federal
Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) and the U.S. Small Business Administration
will join state agencies at the site.

A Disaster Recovery Center will open today in Reedsburg at the high school, 1100
S. Albert Ave. The center will be open daily from 10 a.m. to 7 p.m. until
further notice. Additional centers in other counties are expected to open soon.
The public is asked to limit general water use and flushing while the water
treatment plant in Reedsburg is repaired.

At noon on Monday, the American Red Cross in Madison will open service delivery
locations in five southern Wisconsin counties: Richland (R.C. High School), Sauk
(Reedsburg H.S.), Dodge (Washington Elementary), LaCrosse (Red Cross Chapter,
2927 Losey Blvd.) and Milwaukee (Southeast Red Cross Chapter, 2600 W.
Wisconsin).

Red Cross will have a mobile service unit available at the Columbus Public
Library beginning at noon on Monday. It will travel to Portage High School after
later in the day.

The agency has also announced distribution points for clean-up materials.
Shovels, rakes, gloves, masks and cleaning materials will be available starting
at noon on Monday. Sites include: North Crawford High School in Soldiers Grove,
the Baraboo County Highway Building at the intersection of Highways 136 and 12,
the Kendall Village Hall in Monroe County, the Ontario Fire Department in Vernon
County, LaFarge High School, Viola Methodist Church, and DeSoto Community
Center.

For more information or to make a donation, please call 1-866-GET-INFO or visit
www.arcbadger.org.

State and federal disaster assessment teams will meet representatives from
Waukesha, Washington, Winnebago, Green and Dodge counties Monday morning.

Wisconsin Emergency Management is also asking Wisconsin residents to be aware of
fraudulent FEMA workers. Fond du Lac residents reported alleged FEMA agents
asking to inspect their homes a few days ago, however, there were no FEMA
representative in the area at the time.

FEMA teams always carry photo identification and never charge applicants for
inspection. Contact your County Emergency Management Office to find out if FEMA
teams are in your area.

According to Emergency Management, dams across the state are holding but are
being closely monitored as many bodies of water are not expected to crest until
later this week.

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Jen McCoy/Portage Daily Register Portage Mayor Ken Jahn listens to FEMA
spokeswoman Hannah Vick as Cathie Trevallee, senior caseworker for Congresswoman
Tammy Baldwin looks on.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              454 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 6, 2017 Monday

Regulatory update: New York State Department of Public Service;KeySpan Gas East
Corp , has submitted (13-G-0001) Econ_Develop_Report January_2017

LENGTH: 937  words

DATELINE: New York



 Albany: New York State Department of Public Service has issued the following
document :



 I. INTRODUCTION

 In accordance with the Commission's Order Approving Emergency Economic

 Development Programs With Modifications, dated October 18, 2013 ("Order"), in
Case

 13-G-0001, The Brooklyn Union Gas Company d/b/a National Grid NY ("KEDNY") and

 KeySpan Gas East Corporation d/b/a National Grid ("KEDLI") (collectively,
"National

 Grid" or "Companies") submit this Quarterly Status Report on the Companies'

 Superstorm Sandy Emergency Economic and Community Redevelopment Program

 ("Emergency Program").



 The Emergency Program consists of three "tiers" designed to provide financial

 assistance to National Grid customers impacted by Superstorm Sandy:

 Tier 1 - Immediate Service Restoration Assistance: Tier 1 provided eligible

 residential customers with a one-time bill credit of $150 to help offset the
costs of

 inspecting, repairing or replacing gas-fired heating equipment as quickly as

 possible so they could safely return home.

 Tier 2 - Additional Aid for Impacted Residential Customers: Tier 2 provided

 financial aid to residential customers to offset costs of repair or replacement
of

 heating equipment by licensed plumbers. Customers eligible for the Home

 Energy Assistance Program (HEAP) received a maximum reimbursement of

 $6,000 for a high efficiency gas boiler or $5,000 for a high efficiency gas
furnace

 and $1,600 for a gas water heater; non-HEAP eligible customers received a

 maximum reimbursement of $3,000 for replacement of similar equipment.

 National Grid also provided financial assistance of $1,000 for residential,
middle

 income customers located in areas declared a "state of emergency" who

 sustained significant physical damage and lost natural gas service because of

 the storm.

 Tier 3 - Economic and Community Development Assistance: Tier 3 provides

 funding to offset the costs of rehabilitating commercial, industrial, or
multifamily

 residential buildings that sustained physical damage as a result of Superstorm

 Sandy.

 Pursuant to the Order, this report provides an update on (i) the costs of the
tiers/grants,

 (ii) the costs to administer, and (iii) the status of the Emergency Program.
The report

 also identifies the customers to whom disbursements have been made, the amount
of

 each disbursement, and the justification. National Grid will continue providing
status

 reports on a quarterly basis until all program activity is completed.

 2

 II. APPLICATION ACTIVITY AND DISBURSEMENTS TO DATE

 Tier 1

 The Companies did not seek recovery for funding of the Tier 1 program. That
program

 (now closed) provided approximately $2.5 million in immediate financial aid to
a total of

 nearly 17,000 residential customers.

 Tiers 2 and 3

 Table 1 provides a summary of Tier 2 and Tier 3 program activity through
January 31,

 2017. With respect to Tier 2, a total of 5,277 grants have been distributed to

 residential customers in the KEDNY and KEDLI service territories, totaling
$7.005

 million in assistance. The Tier 2 program is now closed. No additional grants
are

 expected to be awarded to customers, and no additional expenditures are
anticipated.

 In its report filed on January 30, 2014, the Companies provided a detailed
listing of all

 Tier 2 grants disbursed, including identification of each customer, the amount
of each

 disbursement, and the justification for each award. Because there is no new
Tier 2

 activity in this quarter, the Companies are not providing an updated list at
this time.

 There are twenty-seven Tier 2 grants designated in Attachment 1of the Company's


 January 2014 status report as not having provided detailed identifying
information. Most

 of these applications were submitted by distressed customers in "field" intake
centers,

 primarily on the Rockaway Peninsula. After the Companies' detailed review,
these

 twenty-seven applications do not contain sufficient information to properly
identify and

 document the recipients. As noted in the Companes' October 31, 2016 Status
Report,

 the Tier 2 charges associated with these grants (totaling $27,000) have been
excluded

 from the KEDLI Low Income Program Balancing Account through an accounting

 adjustment/reclassification.

 The Tier 3 program has thus far disbursed a total of $10.3 million to 336
commercial

 and industrial customers. In order to qualify for reimbursement, Tier 3
customers must

 be able to document payments for eligible project costs at least equal to the
approved

 grant amount. No additional Tier 3 grants have been reimbursed to customers
since

 the last Quarterly Report.

 National Grid stopped accepting Tier 3 applications as of April 1, 2014.
However, as

 indicated in Table 2, there are still Tier 3 applications pending final action.
Some of

 these have been approved and are currently awaiting project completion, and
others are

 still in the approval process and ultimately may be reimbursed to customers.
National

 Grid is in the process of contacting all active applicants to determine their
continued

 eligibility. Since the last Status Report, the Company's have reached out to
all 21

 approved but still open applicants, and have determined that 7 of those
projects will not

 be moving forward. Data in Table 2 has been adjusted accordingly, and the

 Companies' continued progress in closing out open applications will be updated
in

 future Status Reports. While the Companies initially expected all expenditures
to be

 completed by the end of 2014, it is likely that grant reimbursements will
continue into

 2017.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              455 of 998 DOCUMENTS


            Colorado Springs Business Journal (Colorado Springs, CO)

                                  May 2, 2008

Colorado Springs Medical Briefs: May 2, 2008

BYLINE: Amy Gillentine

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 759  words


More than half of small businesses do not offer a company health care plan to
employees, according to a survey conducted by online payroll service
SurePayroll.

Owners say that offering insurance is too expensive, the survey said, with 32
percent fewer small businesses indicating they offer health insurance than
during 2006.

"The cost of doing business is going up - health insurance premiums are going
up. And while many small businesses have actually seen slight growth in this
so-called recession, talk of economic doom hangs over their heads," said Michael
Alter, president of SurePayroll. "In order to be confident their businesses will
survive, many owners feel they have no choice but to cut costs wherever
possible, including on health care coverage. "

Small business owners' write-in responses reflected a split about how to solve
the health care crisis. Almost four of 10 (38 percent) respondents said they
believe that small business owners should be responsible for providing health
insurance to employees, and six of 10 (62 percent) don't.

While some of the comments were aligned with an interest in universal health
care, or at least suggested an increased government role, others said political
leaders should play no part in health care.

"I would prefer a government funded plan, supported through personal tax
increases," said one respondent. "Until that happens, I think business owners
should cover health care insurance costs for their employees and families. "

But another respondent said that health care is the responsibility of the
individual. "Small businesses already shoulder the burden of tax and child
support collection and payment, in both time and money. Adding health care to
that is crippling for a small business. "

More Alamosa aid

The Colorado Health Foundation has given a $100,000 grant to the Colorado
Department of Public Health and Environment and the Alamosa County Nursing
Services to help defray costs of ridding Alamosa's water supply of salmonella
contamination.

The department will use $50,000 to test and monitor water samples and $50,000 to
cover costs incurred by the local nursing services agency.

More than 400 people became ill after salmonella was discovered in the water
supply, and health officials issued a "bottled water order" to protect residents
from the bacteria. The order was changed to "boiled water," before all
restrictions were lifted April 11.

Since the outbreak on March 8, the state health department has had nearly 100
staff members working to assist the community in responding to the emergency and
disinfecting the city's water supply. Many other local, state, federal and
nonprofit agencies also provided assistance.

Better Medicaid access

Memorial Health System and Peak Vista Community Health Centers have received
grants from the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid to improve access to primary
medical care to Medicaid patients.

The $926,100 grants cover a two-year period and will be used to establish a
referral program for Medicaid clients who seek non-emergency services - to
reduce emergency room use.

"Diverting Medicaid clients with non-emergent conditions from the emergency
rooms to out-patient centers is the right direction towards decreasing the costs
of health care, and connecting people to a Medical home," said Joan Henneberry,
executive director of the Department of Health Care Policy and Financing, the
state agency that oversees the CMS grants

RMHP gets new building

Rocky Mountain Health Plans has moved to 6251 Greenwood Plaza Blvd. in the
Denver Tech Center.

The move combines the Colorado-based nonprofit health plan's Front Range
operations with its subsidiary, CNIC Health Solutions, Colorado's largest
third-party administrator of employee benefit plans. CNIC has offices in Denver,
Colorado Springs and Elko, Nev. Rocky Mountain Health Plans acquired the company
during 2004.

New hospital association VP

Gail Finley has been chosen as the Colorado Hospital Association's vice
president for policy analysis and strategic planning.

Finely' s new job will be to support state hospitals about health care
strategic, legislative and policy issues. Her focus will include health care
reform, health in the workplace, the impact of state regulatory activities and
policies.

She previously worked at the Colorado Department of Public Health and
Environment, where she led three programs to survey health care facilities and
agencies, ensuring compliance with both state and federal certification
standards.

Amy Gillentine covers health care for the Colorado Springs Business Journal.

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              456 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                             August 12, 2011 Friday

Storm's precision adds insult to injury?

BYLINE: ANDY PIPER TH staff writer * apiper@wcinet.com

SECTION: A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 931 words


city's damages A damage assessment of public infrastructure shows the city of
Dubuque qualifies for federal aid. Individual homeowners have a different
threshold to meet. City property damage includes: * Water Resource and Recovery
Center, $1.5 million * Two sanitary sewer lift stations, $1 million * Creekwood
Road Bridge, $33,000 * Manson Road Bridge, $152,000 * Old Mill Road Bridge,
$60,000 * Debris removal, $31,714 * Street repairs, $133,000 * Water main at
Creekwood Bridge, $90,000 * Parks, $72,000 * Airport, $15,000 * Landfill,
$30,000 Estimated total of city damage, $3.1 million City of Dubuque ways to
lend a hand to tri-state flood victims Beginning today, area residents can lend
a hand to flood victions in a variety of ways, including: * All Kwikstop
locations will donate 5 cents from every gallon sold today, Saturday and Sunday
at all 10 tri-state locations; if customers present a Fareway receipt, Kwikstop
will donate 10 cents per gallon. * Local volunteers will be collecting donations
using Salvation Army Kettles at several local retailers. It's unusual to see the
kettles out in summer but officials called this a one-time use -- for a good
cause. * You can even give via your phone. Text the word HERO to 27722 to give
$10. * Give online: Donations are taken at www.dbqfoundation.org. * Mail
donations to 2011 Recovery Fund, c/o Community Foundation of Greater Dubuque,
700 Locust St., Suite 195, Dubuque, IA 52001. Diamond Jo Casino, Mystique Casino
and the Community Foundation of Greater Dubuque have formed a partnership to put
out a challenge to the community by announcing a $100,000 matching grant.

Local media partners are helping ensure the success of this fundraiser:
Telegraph Herald, Cumulus Broadcasting, Radio Dubuque, KWWL, Queen B Radio and
Lamar Advertising. Face any direction in Dubuque County and you will find
ongoing hardship from the historic rainstorm of July 27-28. It appears county
residents also need to face the fact that federal financial assistance for
individual homeowners probably is not on the way. If individual property damage
in Dubuque County and northwestern Illinois could be pooled together, the
prospects for federal assistance would improve. But the assessments can't cross
state lines. Dubuque County homeowners likely will not meet the threshold for
what the entire state of Iowa might need to seek assistance. "The numbers FEMA
is looking for is causing us some trouble because the storm was so isolated to
Dubuque County," said Tom Berger, director of Dubuque County Emergency
Management. "In previous years, we were able to tack our damage onto the events
going on in Cedar Rapids and, last year, in Delhi, so we met the threshold. This
storm started in Iowa and moved into Illinois, so we aren't able to use the
numbers specific to the storm." Berger said the county has recorded 35 homes
either destroyed or sustaining major damage. Based on a recent denial by the
Federal Emergency Management Agency for assistance to counties in western Iowa
along the Missouri River, the threshold is 250 homes. FEMA does not consider
dollar amounts in private property declarations, but the percentage of affected
properties. Public infrastructure damage - to things like roads, bridges and
Dubuque's Water Pollution Control Plant - far exceeded the threshold, so federal
assistance is likely. State Rep. Chuck Isenhart, D-Dubuque, said the terms need
to be clarified for the public. "When I hear public assistance, I think I'm a
member of the public and I'm going to get help, but what that really means is
local governments," Isenhart said. "On the private side, the governor has not
made a declaration and might not. We need to be very clear about these federal
and state programs, so were not getting people's hopes up and dashing them
later." Nancy Van Milligen, president and CEO of the Community Foundation of
Greater Dubuque, asked Berger if it was too early to let people know that
federal dollars probably aren't coming for individual property owners, which
makes community giving all the more important. "I think it's pretty safe to say
we're not going to meet the threshold," Berger said. The discussion took place
at the E.B. Lyons Interpretive Center, as Dubuque officials provided its annual
city tour to staff members of Iowa's legislative representatives in Washington:
Sens. Chuck Grassley and Tom Harkin and Rep. Bruce Braley. Fire Chief Dan Brown
brought up the issue of the storm's crossing state lines as a limiting factor in
obtaining federal help. "The FEMA representative from Region 7 that was here
made a statement to us that the private assistance side of thing is a lot
fuzzier," Brown said. "If we took this event and moved it a few counties over,
we would have made it. But because it goes across state lines, that gets in the
way." Not only did the damage cross state lines, but Dubuque and East Dubuque,
Ill., are not even in the same FEMA regions, Berger said. "I'm starting my 13th
year here and I've been through six presidential declarations," Berger said.
"I've received more calls from citizens who are hurting from this disaster than
the last five combined. It's just so isolated to us and wasn't more widespread.
We're going to have a lot of hardship cases and it's going to go on for some
time." State disaster assistance is available, but it is income-based and the
maximum award is $5,000. Isenhart encouraged everyone to apply for assistance
through Project Concern, even if they don't think they qualify. "We may be able
to get you some assistance down the road," Isenhart said.

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2011 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              457 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                              June 14, 2013 Friday

Mitigation

BYLINE: By BEN ROSE

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 638 words


Friday June 14, 2013

There are areas that just seem to flood all the time. Many towns have trouble
spots that you can count on being covered with water every spring or following a
heavy rain storm. They're just in low spot where repetitive flooding is a fact
of life.

But it doesn't always have to stay that way. Fixing those areas is the goal of
the federal Hazard Mitigation Grant Program. HMGP funds help communities make
improvements to public infrastructure and private property that are designed to
lessen the effects of future disasters. Vermont cities and towns have used HMGP
funds to raise roads, replace culverts, flood-proof buildings, and buyout
flood-prone properties -- among many other projects.

The Vermont Division of Emergency Management and Homeland Security has a
mitigation team that makes sure projects are identified and funded if at all
possible.

HMGP funds are made available to communities following a federal disaster
declaration. Nearly two years on, more than $11 million is still available to
all Vermont communities due to the disaster declaration following to Tropical
Storm Irene. DEMHS is administering a fifth round of grant opportunities and the
deadline for communities to apply is July 12. A state committee put together by
DEMHS reviews applications, forwards the most sensible and effective solutions
to the Federal Emergency Management Agency - where they are eventually approved
for funding or rejected.

In the 18-plus months since Irene millions of dollars have come into Vermont
through HMGP:

-- Total HMGP project funding approved to date: $14.3 million

-- Total number of applications approved by Vermont and submitted to FEMA: 110

-- Projects approved by FEMA: 53

Projects approved by Vermont include 91 property acquisitions in the following
towns: Barre City, Bethel, Bolton, Brandon, Brattleboro, Bridgewater,
Burlington, Chester, Clarendon, Danby, Grafton, Granville, Hartford/Quechee,
Londonderry, Middlesex, Newfane, Northfield, Pittsfield, Plymouth, Readsboro,
Rockingham, Rochester, Royalton, Ryegate, Sharon, Stockbridge, Wardsboro and
Wilmington.

Projects also include: 10 public infrastructure projects located in Barre Town,
Brattleboro, Cabot, Chester, Newfane, Pawlet and Weathersfield; 19 local
mitigation planning grants for Hartford, Middlebury, Tunbridge, and 16 towns in
Orange, Southern Windsor and Windham counties; and one outreach/educational
initiative project by the Vermont Department of Environmental Conservation.

Only municipalities and certain non-profits (like volunteer fire departments,
for example) can apply for HMGP; individuals are not eligible. Applications are
submitted to the DEMHS and the selection committee picks out projects to forward
to the Federal Emergency Management Agency, which issues the final approval or
denial.

These funds are available after every disaster declaration and available funds
are based on the amount of money granted for Public Assistance. For Irene that
amount is unprecedented in Vermont.

If town officials are unsure if a project may be eligible or have questions,
they should call Ray Doherty, Misha Bailey, or Kate Hammond in the Mitigation
section of the Vermont Division of Emergency Management and Homeland Security at
800-347-0488. The DEMHS Mitigation section can walk communities through the
process and answer any concerns.

The application can be found on the DEMHS web site
athttp://vem.vermont.gov/mitigation . The deadline for applications is July 12,
2013. If you plan to apply, call the mitigation team above.

Ben Rose is Recovery and Mitigation Section Chief for the Division of Emergency
Management and Homeland Security. Before assuming his current role, Ben worked
with the Irene Recovery Office to help cities and towns navigate the Public
Assistance process following the federal disaster declaration.

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2013 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              458 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                            August 7, 2010 Saturday

World community helping flood affectees through cash, kind

LENGTH: 522  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, Aug. 07 -- The world community including the

friendly countries as well as the international organisations have

responded positively to help the people and areas affected by the

devastating floods in Pakistan and providing and committing millions

of dollars assistance in cash and kind.

The countries and organisations, which have so far provided or

committed millions of dollars assistance in cash and kind include the United
States, UK, Australia, Germany, China, Italy, South Korea, Turkey, Japan, Saudi
Arabia, Thailand, New Zealand, Canada, Indonesia, Denmark, Spain, Singapore, UN,
UNHCR, UNICEF, China Red Cross, Islamic Development Bank, Qatar Foundation, Red
Crescent Society - Zahidan and International Federation of Red Cross and Red
Crescent and Societies (IFRC).

Following is the details of assistance:-

Australia has committed AUD $5 million. The United Nations

has committed US $18 million. United Kingdom will provide Pounds 5

million in monetary assistance, to be channelled through UNICEF and

spent to provide 136,000 hygiene kits, 4,560 toilets, 336,000 bars

of sanitizing soap, 270,000 buckets/jerry cans, 400,000 water

purification powder sachets and 800,000 water purification tablets.

The United States has committed US $10 million as financial

assistance and would provide 380,000 packets of Meal Ready to Eat

(MREs), 12 pre-fabricated bridges, 4 Zodiac Boats and 2 water purification
plants. 181,000 packets have been received so far. US helicopters assisting.

UNHCR has so far delivered 10,000 tents and other relief

supplies. It plans to reach 250,000 people with shelter and non-food

items.

Germany has committed Rs. 109 million, China (RMP 10 million),

China Red Cross ($ 50,000), Italy (Euros 3.5 million), South Korea

(US $ 500,000 worth of humanitarian assistance).

Turkey will provide relief assistance worth US $5 million.

Japan will provide emergency grant assistance upto US $3 million

and emergency relief goods equivalent to 20 million Japanese Yen (US

$ 230,000 approx.)

Saudi Arabia has provided two plane-loads of relief

assistance. Islamic Development Bank has sanctioned US $ 200,000.

Qatar has sent 30 tones of relief items. Qatar Foundation will

provide US $ 400,000 through RCS and other NGOs.

Red Crescent Society, Zahidan will provide 50 tones of relief

items, to be dispatched in 4 containers through Iran's border with

Balochistan.

Thailand has pledged US $ 75,000. New Zealand has committed

NZ $ 2 million. Canada has committed US $ 2 million. Indonesia has

provided US $ one million worth of relief goods, which will arrive

on August 6.

Denmark has provided US $ 53,000 and its cheque has been

handed over to Pakistan Red Crescent Society. Spain has already sent

a plane-load of relief assistance.

International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent

Societies (IFRC) has launched a Preliminary Emergency Appeal seeking

US $ 16,333,000 in cash, kind and services. Singapore has sent

relief goods worth US $ 30,000 Published by HT Syndication with permission from
Right Vision News. For any query with respect to this article or any other
content requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              459 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 26, 2013 Friday

Minnesota: Governor Dayton Secures Disaster Declaration For June Storms Across
Minnesota

LENGTH: 394  words

DATELINE: Saint Paul


Department of Public Safety, The State of Minnesota has issued the following
press release:

Governor Mark Dayton secured a latest major disaster declaration following
strong storms and flooding in June. President Barack Obama declared a major
disaster for 18 Minnesota counties: Benton, Big Stone, Douglas, Faribault,
Fillmore, Freeborn, Grant, Hennepin, Houston, McLeod, Morrison, Pope, Sibley,
Stearns, Stevens, Swift, Traverse and Wilkin.

Preliminary damage assessments determined the storms caused $17.8 million in
damage to public infrastructure across the state. Communities in the affected
counties are now eligible for federal assistance.
The major disaster declaration is for Public Assistance which covers uninsured
eligible projects submitted by counties, cities, townships and certain private,
not-for-profit organizations.

Preliminary damage estimates compiled by the Federal Emergency Management Agency
(FEMA) and the Minnesota Department of Public Safety Homeland Security and
Emergency Management division (HSEM) showed the following eligible amounts:

Emergency work

Debris Removal - $5 million
        Emergency Protective Measures - $1.8 million

Permanent work to repair

Roads and Bridges - $9 million
        Water Control Facilities - $1 million
        Buildings and Equipment - $243,474
        Utilities - $585,615
        Parks, Recreational Facilities and other items - $73,780

FEMA will reimburse 75 percent of approved costs. The 25 percent non-federal
share is the responsibility of state and local governments.

This disaster declaration also includes funding for the Hazard Mitigation Grant
Program. This is assistance for actions taken to prevent or reduce long term
risk to life and property from natural hazards. All counties in the state are
eligible to apply for assistance under this program.

The storm system began with 5.6 inches of rain in Stevens County on June 20 and
ended with 8.25 inches of rain in Wilkin County on June 26. Parts of the state
saw record 48-hour rainfall amounts. One to two inch-per-hour rainfall caused
flash flooding and mudslides in many locations. Thousands of trees were uprooted
and fell on public buildings and roads. At the peak, 600,000 buildings were
without electricity, making it the largest power outage in Minnesota history.

For further information please visit: https://dps.mn.gov/

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              460 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Belfast Telegraph Online

                      December 7, 2015 Monday 4:30 PM GMT

Pictured: The flood-hit site Northern Ireland's Environment Minister said could
become a major retail park;
Storm Desmond caused flooding across Strabane

SECTION: NORTHERN IRELAND

LENGTH: 505 words


This is the water-logged, flooded site where Northern Ireland's Environment
Minister granted a planning application for the construction of a major retail
park.

Over the weekend Storm Desmond wreaked havoc across the country with heavy
rainfall causing widespread flooding.

Among those impacted was the Lifford Road site in Strabane which was completely
flooded and remains water logged.

Now questions have been asked after Environment Minister Mark H Durkan granted a
planning application at the 'clearly identified flood plain'.

The Northern Ireland Independent Retail Trade Association (NIIRTA) and Strabane
Chamber of Commerce has called upon the Mr Durkan to explain why he thought it
was appropriate to grant the Strabane "out of town" Three Rivers application in
a clearly identified flood plain in the countryside.

In a joint statement NIIRTA Chief Executive Glyn Robert and Strabane Chamber
President Colm Gallagher said the flooding of the site "proves their point" and
that Mr Durkan "overruled professional advice" to grant permission for a major
retail development in the "middle of a flood plain".

It said: "Over the last number of years, both our organisations repeatedly
pointed out to the Minister and Planning Service that the Three Rivers out of
town retail application was completely unsuitable for retail development given
its threat to Strabane Town Centre and the fact that is located on a floodplain
in the countryside.

"The flooding of the entire Three Rivers site proves our point"

"Despite these significant concerns, Minister Durkan overruled the professional
advice from his own Planning Officers, the views of Strabane Chamber and NIIRTA
to grant permission for a major retail development in the middle of a flood
plain.

"If the major retail hypermarket had already been constructed on the site it
would certainly have suffered major flood damage and had significant
environmental impacts on the countryside.

"Strabane Town Centre is the location for future retail development, not a flood
plain in the countryside. The town is open for business and is keen to attract
new retailers to help make a Strabane a 21st Century centre of retail
excellence."

Over the weekend 26 people had to be rescued during the adverse weather while
the Northern Ireland Fire and Rescue Service dealt with 37 incidents of
flooding.

Mr Durkan activated an emergency scheme with immediate effect for householders
affected by the deluge.

He said: "Individual householders will be eligible for a £1,000 payment as an
offer of practical assistance to those who have suffered severe inconvenience to
ensure homes are made habitable as quickly as possible.

"I realise that it's not just homes but businesses and community buildings which
can be damaged from severe flooding. That's why I'm working to try to have the
scheme extended so these premises can also apply for emergency financial
assistance. It is not a compensation payment."

The Department of the Environment has been contacted for comment.

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBBELT


           Copyright 2015 Independent News & Media (Northern Ireland)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              461 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                          February 19, 2014 Wednesday

California drought: Gov. Jerry Brown proposes $687 million aid plan

BYLINE: By JESSICA CALEFATI and JOSH RICHMAN Bay Area News Group

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 936 words


MATHER   Describing the drought as a "call to action," Gov. Jerry Brown joined
Democratic legislative leaders Wednesday to unveil a $687.4 million package
aimed at helping California get through its water crisis and better prepare for
the next one.

The legislation calls for speeding up approval of water conservation and clean
drinking-water projects and offers relief to out-of-work farmers struggling to
pay mortgages and grocery bills. Towns and cities that are running out of water
would get $15 million in emergency funds.

Senate President Pro Tem Darrell Steinberg and Assembly Speaker John Perez,
D-Los Angeles, stressed that no new taxes or fees for water use will be imposed
to fund the plan. Instead, most of the money, about $550 million, will come from
water and disaster-preparation bonds approved by voters in 2006.

"We must all do our part to conserve in this drought," Brown said at a news
conference at a state Office of Emergency Services building in Mather, near
Sacramento. "The state is doing its part."

The legislation does not include funding to build new water storage facilities
a detail that drew the ire of some Republican legislative leaders, who
criticized the plan for failing to address California's long-term water needs.

Residents in other parts of the country being pounded with snow and rain may be
jealous of California's warm, sunny winter weather, but Steinberg said this time
the envy goes both ways.

"The best way to make our communities more resilient to drought is to invest in
projects that help us get the most out of every drop of water," said Steinberg,
who will carry the legislation. "We're not waiving environmental laws. We're not
hiking taxes or fees. We're using money we have available now to save time, save
water and help Californians hardest hit by the drought."

Some interest groups in recent years had pressured the state to speed up its use
of the bond funds. But Jay Lund, a civil and environmental engineering professor
who directs the Center for Watershed Sciences at UC Davis, said Californians
should be thankful the money is still around.

"A drought is a good time to have it," he said.

The proposal also calls for spending $46.3 million from the state's general fund
on food and housing assistance for families affected by the drought and using
$40million in cap-and-trade fees collected from businesses that pollute the air
to give grants to local agencies to increase the efficiency of their water use.

Assembly Speaker Perez said the size of the package matches the scale of crisis
California faces as the unprecedented drought drags on. He added that Democratic
leaders of the Legislature are continuing their efforts to craft a "fiscally
responsible" water bond that he hopes will make it on the November ballot.

Environmental groups such as the Natural Resources Defense Council and the
Planning and Conservation League praised the proposed legislation, calling it a
"comprehensive" set of short- and long-term solutions that will help California
get through the driest year on record.

"California's political leadership is recognizing that Mother Nature is an
important determinant in how much water is available to cities, farms and
businesses," said Jonas Minton, water policy adviser to the Planning and
Conservation League. "More importantly, they are looking to next year and
possibly after to prepare us for the possibility of a longer-term drought."

But the plan doesn't go nearly far enough, said Senate Republican Leader Bob
Huff, R-Diamond Bar, who bemoaned the proposal's lack of funding for
construction of new reservoirs and other water storage facilities   the type of
long-term solution he said will prevent the state from missing any more chances
to collect water when the skies send it our way.

"We need a plan that increases storage for a growing state," Huff said.

Others criticized the drought relief package for failing to include a moratorium
on oil and gas fracking or a forced halt to irrigation of otherwise
unsustainable land on the San Joaquin Valley's west side. Last week, Brown
joined President Barack Obama for a tour of scorched, dusty farmland in
Firebaugh and Los Banos, two towns in that region of the valley.

It's a "double standard" for the governor to ask average citizens to conserve
water while giving oil companies and farmers a break, said Adam Scow, campaign
director for the nonprofit group Food & Water Watch.

Not only does fracking use a tremendous amount of water, he said, but the fossil
fuels it frees will contribute to climate change that's likely to produce more
frequent and severe droughts, he added.

"He offered common-sense, little measures," Scow said, "but he continues to
ignore the big problems with wasteful use of California's water."

Drought relief package

The emergency drought legislation unveiled Wednesday by Gov. Jerry Brown and
Democratic legislative leaders aims to ease the effects of the drought with
$687.4 million in funding:

· $549 million from the accelerated expenditure of voter-approved bonds for
grants to local governments for water conservation projects.

· $40 million from the Greenhouse Gas Reduction Fund   created by the state's
cap-and-trade law   for grants to local agencies to improve water-use
efficiency, irrigation and pumping system efficiency and commercial water-use
efficiency

· $25.3 million from the general fund for food assistance to those impacted by
the drought, and $21 million from the general fund for housing related
assistance.

· $15 million from the general fund for the Emergency Drinking Water Fund to
address emergency water shortages due to the drought.

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 The Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              462 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 Stock Journal

                               November 27, 2015

SECTION: BUSHFIRE

LENGTH: 1090  words


FOR those hit by the Pinery bushfire, knowing where to turn for help or
information can often be difficult.

Fire updates

Fire conditions are constantly changing. For the latest fire information visit
the CFS website.

Recovery assistance

Recovery information updates will be available from the SA Bushfire Recovery
facebook page.

Recovery information will be tweeted from www.twitter.com/SA_DCSI

Emergency relief centres

Emergency relief centres are open to provide support to affected families at:

Emergency grants

As part of the personal hardship and distress grants the emergency grant is
available from the relief centres at Balaklava, Gawler and Clare.

This grant provides $280 per adult and $140 per child, to a maximum of $700 per
family, to assist those who evacuated their principal place of residence and are
unable to meet their own needs. This can be used for food, clothing, toiletries
or medication.

SACWA Emergency Fund

SACWA Emergency Fund is a public fund entirely funded by donations from the
community and SACWA members, and assists individuals and families requiring
immediate relief, including food, clothing and shelter.

Recommendations for assistance must come from a rural or financial counsellor,
Country Women's Association members aware of an individual's or family's
specific needs, or other reference or recommendation, which are assessed on a
case-by-case basis. Phone 08 8332 4166.

Returning home

You will only be able to return home when the authorities declare it is safe to
do so.

Preparing to return home

Prepare yourself for what you might find when you return home. The area around
your home might look different. Landmarks might be missing and you might smell
smoke for many days.

The Australian Red Cross has prepared a document on preparing to return home.
You can find it here.

Once you arrive home, a range of fact sheets are available that provide advice
on cleaning up after fires:

These include the Metropolitan Fire Service's After the fire, and the Australian
Institute for the Conservation of Cultural Materials' Salvaging fire damaged
belongings.

Emotional support

For immediate mental health support call the SA Health Emergency Triage and
Liaison Service on 13 14 65.

The service is available 24 hours a day, seven days a week.

Livestock and animals

For advice or assistance with treating injured livestock contact your local
veterinarian.

For assistance with livestock assessments or advice on livestock management call
the PIRSA Livestock Assessment Hotline on 8207 7847.

For more information on land and livestock management after a bushfire, visit
the PIRSA website.

For assistance with emergency fodder for livestock or to offer donations of
emergency fodder call Livestock SA on 08 8297 2299.

For advice or assistance with wildlife and companion animals call South
Australian Veterinary Emergency Management on 0477 055 233 or email
info@savem.org.au

Magic Millions stables at Morphettville Race Course have more than 100 stalls
ready for fire evacuees. Please call Lance Holberton ' Stable Control on 0408
831 610 or Wendy Cubitt on 0408831610.

For assistance with evacuating animals or livestock call Lost Pets of South
Australia on 0450 692 337 or visit their facebook page.

For information on helping your horses through bushfire injuries, view How to
get my horse through bushfire injuries document from the University of Adelaide.

The University of Adelaide Companion Animal Hospital is open and treating
horses, dogs and cats at the Roseworthy Campus. The hospital also has a number
of lost animals from the fire region. They are open 24 hours a day, seven days a
week. Phone (08) 8313 1999.

Power outages

SA Power Networks: for emergencies contact 13 13 66, all other queries contact
13 12 61. A map of power outages can be viewed here.

Water supplies

Do not empty your water tanks. Water supplies will be in high demand over the
next few weeks.

For some simple steps you can take to ensure that your rainwater supply is
suitable for drinking after a bushfire see Rainwater and bushfires on the SA
Health website.

Insurance

The Insurance Council of Australia has formally declared a catastrophe for
multiple bushfires burning north of Adelaide in South Australia.

Anyone who has suffered losses in the fires should immediately notify their
insurer and seek advice about making a claim.

The ICA has activated its disaster hotline ' 1800 734 621 ' helping residents if
they are unsure which insurer they are with, or have general inquiries about the
claims process.

For advice on how to handle insurance claims when returning home, visit
https://www.sa.gov.au/topics/emergencies-and-safety/pinery-fire/returning-home

Information on dealing with insurance is available from the federal government
disaster assist website.

Further information can be found in the Insurance Council of Australia's
Consumer tips for disaster recovery document.

Legal services

The Legal Services Commission is providing a free telephone advisory service to
those affected by the fires 1300 366 424.

The service operates 9am - 4.30pm Monday to Friday, and puts people directly in
touch with Legal Advisers for quick legal advice and information, and where
appropriate, prompt referral to other support agencies.

The service is free, and does not require people to identify themselves, except
for postcode (for reporting purposes).

For fact sheets containing detailed information for those recovering from loss
through bushfires, visit http://www.lsc.sa.gov.au/cb_pages/emergencyresponse.php

A Legal Chat service is also available through their website.

This information has been collated by the state government and the RSPCA.

Salvation Army

Anyone who has suffered the loss of a home or other significant damage is urged
to contact The Salvation Army's Major Darren Cox for support on 0457 600  061.

Rural Business Support

Rural Business Support staff are available to assist and support businesses as
they recover from bushfire.

RBS are actively involved with the Pinery bushfire recovery assistance and if
any members from the bushfire area are needing assistance they are urged to call
freecall 1800 836 211

'BankSA

BankSA's Disaster Relief Package is in place and offers immediate financial help
to customers affected by the bushfires.

If you or anyone you know is impacted and needs assistance you can contact
BankSA Assist on 1800 679 461 or use the branch locator.

Rabobank

Rabobank clients in applicable circumstances impacted by the fires would be
eligible for a range of individually-tailored support measures, including:

Contact Rabobank on 1800 025 484.

LOAD-DATE: February 04, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2015 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              463 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                            March 27, 2008 Thursday
                                 THIRD EDITION

HEADS UP DEADLINES * GUIDELINES * HOT LINES

SECTION: METRO; Pg. D2

LENGTH: 452 words


Fenton churches host emergency preparedness fair

Fenton - Two local church congregations, the Fenton United Methodist Church and
the Fenton Ward of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, are jointly
hosting a community resource and emergency preparedness fair from 10 a.m. to 2
p.m. on Saturday at the Methodist church, 800 Gravois Road.

The fair, sponsored by the Fenton Area Ministerial Alliance, will have exhibits
by the American Red Cross and community agencies, and information about
emergency services, health insurance, food and shelter assistance, disaster
planning, food and water shortages and emergency communications.

Museum hosts talk about Obama's speech on race

ST. LOUIS - The Missouri History Museum will host a group discussion tonight on
the speech that Sen. Barack Obama gave last week on race, religion and politics.
The discussion is free and runs from 6 to 8 p.m. at the museum in Forest Park at
Lindell Boulevard and DeBaliviere Avenue. Enter the museum from the south side;
the event will be held in the AT&T Room.

Forum today offers advice on storms, utility bills

EAST ST. LOUIS - The Continuum of Life Care Center Inc. and the American Red
Cross will hold a forum from 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. today at the Jordan Senior
Citizen Center, 6755 State Street.

Representatives from the Red Cross and Ameren will discuss dealing with spring
storms and assistance to help residents cope with utility bills. Jim Sharp from
the Collinsville Emergency Management Agency will discuss weather preparedness.

The forum is limited to 200 people. A light lunch will be provided, and
attendees will receive a flashlight and batteries.

Fundraiser Sunday to feature ethnic food, pastries

GRANITE CITY - Granite City Township will host a fundraiser, "A Taste of Lincoln
Place," where ethnic food and pastries will be sold from 2 to 4 p.m. Sunday at
the township hall, 2060 Delmar.

The event is to help the Lincoln Place Heritage Association fund college
scholarships and present the Lincoln Place Heritage Festival on Sept. 20. The
Granite City Community Adult Swing Band will perform, and a silent auction and
raffle are planned.

Annual antiques show at SIUE on Saturday, Sunday

EDWARDSVILLE - Southern Illinois University Edwardsville will host its 38th
annual Antique Show and Sale at Vadalabene Center from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m.
Saturday and 11 a.m. to 4 p.m. Sunday.

The show will feature about 70 local and national dealers who will display and
sell items including furniture, fine glass, porcelain, china, toys and books.
Free informal appraisals will be offered. Two-day tickets are $6 at the door, or
$10 between 9 and 10 a.m. Saturday. Those 13 and under will get in free. For
more information, call 618-650-2730.

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: BRIEF

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              464 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Jamestown Sun (North Dakota)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            August 30, 2016 Tuesday

Edgeley declares emergency Water tank needs replacing after holes found in roof

BYLINE: Keith Norman, The Jamestown Sun, N.D.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 399 words


Aug. 30--The Edgeley City Council declared a public safety emergency Monday
morning after learning the roof of a water storage tank is failing, according to
Joe Neis, city auditor.

Neis said water is temporarily being piped directly to the water tower and
bypassing the water tank and there are currently no limitations or warnings
concerning water use in Edgeley.

The emergency declaration is part of the process to apply for emergency grant
funding through a Community Development Block Grant urgent need request to the
Governor's Fund.

South Central Dakota Regional Council met by phone in a special meeting Monday
to review the request, according Deb Kantrud, SCDRC executive director.

A reply from the governor's office could be expected by Tuesday, Kantrud said.
Requests to the Governor's Fund must be first reviewed by the Regional Council
before consideration.

Neis said contractors hired to paint the water tank discovered holes in the roof
that could not be easily closed, and replacing the roof was not an option.

The 250,000-gallon ground-level tank holds water received from Southeast Water
Users before it is pumped to the 50,000-gallon water tower in Edgeley. The tank
was constructed in 1973 and has had routine maintenance since. It was last
inspected in 2014 when a need for sandblasting and painting was noted.

Water is now being pumped directly from Southeast Water Users to the water tower
while temporary repairs are made to the tank, Nies said. This is not an
automated process and requires people to operate the pumps while the water tower
is filled.

Temporary repairs to the tank should allow the water tank to be used until a new
tank can be constructed, Neis said.

The estimated cost to replace the tank is $426,000, Kantrud said. If approved by
the Governor's Fund, the city of Edgeley would be responsible for $71,000 in
engineering costs with $355,000 paid by the Governor's Fund.

"The best-case scenario (for replacing the tank) is next year," Nies said,
noting that the project will need to go through engineering and design work and
then be advertised for bids. "If we don't get assistance from the governor's
office, it could be a couple years to seek other grants or loans."

knorman@jamestownsun.com

(701) 952-8452

___ (c)2016 The Jamestown Sun (Jamestown, N.D.) Visit The Jamestown Sun
(Jamestown, N.D.) at www.jamestownsun.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC.

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160830-QJ-Edgeley-declares-emergency-Water
-tank-needs-replacing-after-holes-found-in-roof-0830-20160830

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QJ


                        Copyright 2016 The Jamestown Sun


                              465 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 18, 2017 Saturday

Washington: Bennet Statement on Trump's Budget Blueprint

LENGTH: 450  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Michael Bennet, U.S Government has issued the
following news release:



 Colorado U.S. Senator Michael Bennet today released the following statement on
President's Trump federal budget blueprint, which would increase defense
spending by $54 billion by cutting funding from more than a dozen agencies.





 "This budget is not a serious proposal to help our country compete in the 21st
century economy." Bennet said. "Even members of the President's own party have
called this dead on arrival. Cutting investments in infrastructure,
environmental protection, research, and affordable housing isn't putting
'America First.' Instead, this blueprint offers ideologically-driven cuts
masquerading as deficit reduction. The President should abandon this plan and
start working with Republicans and Democrats on responsible, bipartisan
solutions to reduce our deficit while maintaining important investments in our
country."



 Among the proposed cuts that will affect Coloradans, President Trump's budget
would slash funding for:



     The Environmental Protection Agency's climate change program, eliminating
$330 million for the Superfund program and $129 million for enforcement
activities to keep our air and water clean

     The Department of Energy's assistance to states, which promotes renewable
energy and energy efficiency, particularly for low income households

     The Department of Education, including eliminating $2.4 billion for support
and professional development for teachers and school leaders and cutting other
important P-12 and higher education investments

     The State Department, which is vital to advancing our national security
interests and to keeping Americans safe around the world

     The Department of Agriculture's rural water and wastewater loan and grant
program, which helps small rural communities extend and improve water and
wastewater treatment facilities that serve local households and businesses

     The Department of Labor, specifically for job training and employment
service formula grants

     The National Institutes of Health, eliminating $5.8 billion from efforts to
research innovative cures for life-threatening diseases

     FEMA grant programs, such as FEMA's Pre-Disaster Mitigation Grant Program,
which have helped fund the development of emergency preparedness and response
plans for natural disasters and terrorism-related events

     Transportation Security Administration grants, which are available to state
and local governments to enhance airport security

     The Community Development Block Grant program, which provides local
governments funding for affordable housing, community development, and
homelessness programs

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              466 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                           December 15, 2011 Thursday

Ketsana Emergency Reconstruction and Rehabilitation Project

LENGTH: 219  words


The development objective of this Ketsana Emergency Reconstruction and
Rehabilitation Project (KERRP) project is to restore the service levels of
transport and water and sanitation to the affected people in the project
provinces and strengthen Royal Government of Cambodia (RGC) capacity in disaster
preparedness and management. The credit and grant will help finance the costs
associated with the rehabilitation and reconstruction of basic infrastructure in
rural communities in six provinces for recovery from Typhoon Ketsana which
occurred between September 29 and October 5, 2009. RGC made a formal request,
dated October 9, 2009, for Bank support to emergency assistance for the
rehabilitation of flood damaged infrastructure following the Typhoon Ketsana
natural disaster. The credit and grant will help the authorities respond to the
situation by providing support for: (a) emergency response activities; (b)
rehabilitation of rural roads and provision of water and sanitation in the
selected affected provinces; and (c) capacity building for disaster preparedness
and management.


Project ID : P121075
Country : Cambodia
Region : East Asia and Pacific
Status : Active
Approval Date (as of board presentation): NOV 02, 2010
Closing Date : JUL 31, 2014
Total Project Cost : US$40.00 million

country :Cambodia
Ltd.

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2011 Tenders Info
                         Syndigate.info, Al bawaba.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              467 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 7, 2017 Tuesday

Washington: FEMA Assistance for Flooded Infrastructure Tops $304 Million

LENGTH: 340  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Federal Emergency Management Agency has issued the following news
release:



 The August floods that upended the lives of tens of thousands of families
across 26 declared parishes also washed away the landmarks of their communities.
Critical infrastructure like roads, bridges, public buildings and schools proved
as vulnerable to flood waters as had the smallest bungalow.





 As of March 1, FEMA's Public Assistance (PA) program has obligated $304,315,474
to reimburse local and state governments as well as certain private nonprofits
for the repair or replacement of disaster-damaged facilities and infrastructure.
The funds also cover debris removal and emergency response activities.



 Among the eligible applicants is the Louisiana Department of Health and
Hospitals, which applied for more than $900,000 in FEMA grants. The Gonzales
Environmental Enhancement Facility in Ascension Parish was deemed eligible to
receive nearly $996,000, while the Louisiana Department of Wildlife and
Fisheries will receive close to $596,000. Nearly $63,000 will go to parks and
recreation facilities in East Baton Rouge, while additional funds have been
earmarked for road repairs and public safety facilities in the declared
parishes.  And a total of $60 million in grants has been obligated for repairing
schools in eight parishes: Ascension, East Baton Rouge, Iberville, Lafayette,
Livingston, St. Landry, Tangipahoa and Vermillion.



 The Public Assistance program offers supplemental financial assistance on a
cost-sharing basis for emergency work and the repair or replacement of
disaster-damaged facilities in designated parishes. The PA program encourages
protection of these damaged facilities from future events by providing
assistance for certain hazard mitigation measures.



 FEMA typically reimburses 75 percent of eligible PA expenses. But, because of
the magnitude of the disaster, the agency will reimburse 90 percent of eligible
expenses. FEMA pays the federal portion to the state which then disburses the
funds to the applicants.

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              468 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Belfast Telegraph Online

                      December 7, 2015 Monday 4:41 PM GMT

Pictured: The flood-hit site Northern Ireland's Environment Minister said could
become a major retail park;
Storm Desmond caused flooding across Strabane

SECTION: NORTHERN IRELAND

LENGTH: 508 words


This is the water-logged, flooded site where Northern Ireland's Environment
Minister granted a planning application for the construction of a major retail
park.

Over the weekend Storm Desmond wreaked havoc across the country with heavy
rainfall causing widespread flooding.

Among those impacted was the Lifford Road site in Strabane which was completely
flooded and remains water logged.

Now questions have been asked after Environment Minister Mark H Durkan granted a
planning application at the 'clearly identified flood plain'.

The Northern Ireland Independent Retail Trade Association (NIIRTA) and Strabane
Chamber of Commerce has called upon the Mr Durkan to explain why he thought it
was appropriate to grant the Strabane "out of town" Three Rivers application in
a clearly identified flood plain in the countryside.

In a joint statement NIIRTA Chief Executive Glyn Robert and Strabane Chamber
President Colm Gallagher said the flooding of the site "proves their point" and
that Mr Durkan "overruled professional advice" to grant permission for a major
retail development in the "middle of a flood plain".

It said: "Over the last number of years, both our organisations repeatedly
pointed out to the Minister and Planning Service that the Three Rivers out of
town retail application was completely unsuitable for retail development given
its threat to Strabane Town Centre and the fact that is located on a floodplain
in the countryside.

"The flooding of the entire Three Rivers site proves our point.

"Despite these significant concerns, Minister Durkan overruled the professional
advice from his own Planning Officers, the views of Strabane Chamber and NIIRTA
to grant permission for a major retail development in the middle of a flood
plain.

"If the major retail hypermarket had already been constructed on the site it
would certainly have suffered major flood damage and had significant
environmental impacts on the countryside.

"Strabane Town Centre is the location for future retail development, not a flood
plain in the countryside. The town is open for business and is keen to attract
new retailers to help make a Strabane a 21st Century centre of retail
excellence."

Over the weekend 26 people had to be rescued during the adverse weather while
the Northern Ireland Fire and Rescue Service dealt with 37 incidents of
flooding.

Mr Durkan activated an emergency scheme with immediate effect for householders
affected by the deluge.

Speaking at the time he said: "Individual householders will be eligible for a
£1,000 payment as an offer of practical assistance to those who have suffered
severe inconvenience to ensure homes are made habitable as quickly as possible.

"I realise that it's not just homes but businesses and community buildings which
can be damaged from severe flooding. That's why I'm working to try to have the
scheme extended so these premises can also apply for emergency financial
assistance. It is not a compensation payment."

The Department of the Environment has been contacted for comment.

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBBELT


           Copyright 2015 Independent News & Media (Northern Ireland)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              469 of 998 DOCUMENTS


             Journal Record Legislative Report (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            October 15, 2013 Tuesday

Okla. Gov. Mary Fallin declares drought for 5 counties

BYLINE: Journal Record Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 210  words


Gov. Mary Fallin on Tuesday declared a drought emergency for much of
southwestern Oklahoma and a portion of the Panhandle region. The declaration is
based upon extreme-to-exceptional drought delineations specified by the latest
U.S. Drought Monitor, released Tuesday. The affected counties include Jackson,
Tillman, Greer, Harmon and Texas. Coinciding with the declaration, Fallin also
announced the availability of state money to provide drought assistance in those
counties. Oklahoma's new Emergency Drought Relief Fund, enabled through House
Bill 1923, passed last year, includes grant money for drought mitigation and
related projects. "These five counties have faced three years of unrelenting
drought," said Fallin. "It's not just an inconvenience; for many in these
communities it has caused real economic hardship. " The gubernatorial drought
declaration clears the way for expenditures from the Emergency Drought Relief
Fund. Specific assistance projects are limited to the affected counties and must
be approved by the Oklahoma Emergency Drought Commission, consisting of the
secretary of agriculture and executive directors of the Oklahoma Water Resources
Board and Oklahoma Conservation Commission.

© 2013 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              470 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        St. Joseph News-Press (Missouri)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 20, 2009 Friday

Fillmore district gets water improvement funds

BYLINE: Marshall White, St. Joseph News-Press, Mo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 396 words


Feb. 20--FILLMORE, Mo. -- An Andrew County water district received a 35-year
loan to upgrade and expand service to customers. The U.S. Department of
Agriculture's rural development program approved a loan of $702,500 at a 4.5
percent interest rate to the county's Public Water Supply District No. 3, which
is based in Fillmore.

The money provides needed improvements for the distribution system, said LaVera
Bridgeford, president of the district.

Voters created District No. 3 about 30 years ago for 260 customers.

The funds will be used to create a new 6-inch main line, hook some lines
together for better pressure and add about 10 more customers, said Stan Wolfe, a
rural development specialist.

"Money's always been the problem for any expansion," said Dale Arn, the system
operator for District No. 3. The district tried other sources, including seeking
grants, before beginning the paperwork necessary to secure the loan, Mr. Arn
said.

"It was a mountain of paperwork," said Neal Miller, area director for rural
development.

Plans for the work were created by Shafer, Kline & Warren Inc., said Stephen
Baker, the project engineer.

The company is based in Lenexa, Kan.

The district wants an announcement for bids in early March with a contract
awarded in May and no later than the end of June, Mr. Wolfe said. Construction
could be completed by the beginning of fall.

Mr. Miller, Mr. Wolfe and Les Denny were in three other Northwest Missouri
communities Thursday. Rural development grants were given to the cities of
Hamilton, Weatherby and Winston.

This kind of assistance mirrors the program's mission of commitment to the
future of rural communities, Mr. Miller said.

Weatherby received the largest grant, $77,000, for a new community meeting hall.
Hamilton received a $17,000 grant for a utility vehicle and cameras for two
police cruisers. Winston received a $4,400 grant for an early warning system.

Marshall White can be reached

at marshall@npgco.com

To see more of the St. Joseph News-Press or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.stjoenews-press.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, St. Joseph News-Press, Mo.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090220-JM-Fillmore-district-gets-water-improvement-funds-0220

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JM


                      Copyright 2009 St. Joseph News-Press


                              471 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                          February 19, 2014 Wednesday

California drought: Gov. Jerry Brown proposes $687 million aid plan

BYLINE: By Jessica Calefati and Josh Richman jcalefati@bayareanewsgroup.com

SECTION: BREAKING; Politics; News; State

LENGTH: 957 words


MATHER -- Describing the drought as a "call to action," Gov. Jerry Brown joined
Democratic legislative leaders Wednesday to unveil a $687.4 million package
aimed at helping California get through its water crisis and better prepare for
the next one.

The legislation calls for speeding up approval of water conservation and clean
drinking-water projects and offers relief to out-of-work farmers struggling to
pay mortgages and grocery bills. Towns and cities that are running out of water
would get $15 million in emergency funds.

Senate President Pro Tem Darrell Steinberg and Assembly Speaker John Perez,
D-Los Angeles, stressed that no new taxes or fees for water use will be imposed
to fund the plan. Instead, most of the money, about $550 million, will come from
water and disaster-preparation bonds approved by voters in 2006.

"We must all do our part to conserve in this drought," Brown said at a news
conference a state Office of Emergency Services building in Mather, near
Sacramento. "The state is doing its part."

The legislation does not include funding to build new water storage
facilities--a detail that drew the ire of some Republican legislative leaders,
who criticized the plan for failing to address California's long-term water
needs.

Residents in other parts of the country being pounded with snow and rain may be
jealous of California's warm, sunny winter weather, but Steinberg said this time
the envy goes both ways.

"The best way to make our communities more resilient to drought is to invest in
projects that help us get the most out of every drop of water," said Steinberg,
who will carry the legislation. "We're not waiving environmental laws. We're not
hiking taxes or fees. We're using money we have available now to save time, save
water and help Californians hardest hit by the drought."

Some interest groups in recent years had pressured the state to speed up its use
of the bond funds. But Jay Lund, a civil and environmental engineering professor
who directs the Center for Watershed Sciences at UC Davis, said Californians
should be thankful that the money is still around.

"A drought is a good time to have it," he said.

The proposal also calls for spending $46.3 million from the state's general fund
on food and housing assistance for families affected by the drought and using
$40 million in cap-and-trade fees collected from businesses that pollute the air
to give grants to local agencies to increase the efficiency of their water use.

Assembly Speaker Perez said the size of the package matches the scale of crisis
California faces as the unprecedented drought drags on. He added that Democratic
leaders of the Legislature are continuing their efforts to craft a "fiscally
responsible" water bond that he hopes will make it on the November ballot.

Environmental groups such as the Natural Resources Defense Council and the
Planning and Conservation League praised the proposed legislation, calling it a
"comprehensive" set of short- and long-term solutions that will help California
get through the driest year on record.

"California's political leadership is recognizing that Mother Nature is an
important determinant in how much water is available to cities, farms and
businesses," said Jonas Minton, water policy adviser to the Planning and
Conservation League. "More importantly, they are looking to next year and
possibly after to prepare us for the possibility of a longer-term drought."

But the plan doesn't go nearly far enough, said Senate Republican Leader Bob
Huff, R-Diamond Bar, who bemoaned the proposal's lack of funding for
construction of new reservoirs and other water storage facilities--the type of
long-term solution he said will prevent the state from missing any more chances
to collect water when the skies send it our way.

"We need a plan that increases storage for a growing state," Huff said.

Others criticized the drought relief package for failing to include a moratorium
on oil and gas fracking or a forced halt to irrigation of otherwise
unsustainable land on the San Joaquin Valley's west side. Last week, Brown
joined President Barack Obama for a tour of scorched, dusty farmland in
Firebaugh and Los Banos, two towns in that region of the valley.

It's a "double standard" for the governor to ask average citizens to conserve
water while giving oil companies and farmers a break, said Adam Scow, campaign
director for the nonprofit group Food & Water Watch.

Not only does fracking use a tremendous amount of water, he said, but the fossil
fuels it frees will contribute to climate change that's likely to produce more
frequent and severe droughts, he added.

"He offered common-sense, little measures," Scow said, "but he continues to
ignore the big problems with wasteful use of California's water."

Contact Jessica Calefati at 916-441-2101. Follow her atTwitter.com/calefati .
Read the Political Blotter atIBAbuzz.com/politics .

DROUGHT RELIEF PACKAGE

The emergency drought legislation unveiled Wednesday by Gov. Jerry Brown and
Democratic legislative leaders aims to ease the effects of the drought with
$687.4 million in funding:
$549 million from the accelerated expenditure of voter-approved bonds for grants
to local governments for water conservation projects. $40 million from the
Greenhouse Gas Reduction Fund -- created by the state's cap-and-trade law -- for
grants to local agencies to improve water-use efficiency, irrigation and pumping
system efficiency and commercial water-use efficiency $25.3 million from the
general fund for food assistance to those impacted by the drought, and $21
million from the general fund for housing related assistance. $15 million from
the general fund for the Emergency Drinking Water Fund to address emergency
water shortages due to the drought.

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: President Barack Obama speaks to the media on California's drought
situation Friday, Feb. 14, 2014 in Los Banos, Calif. Farmers in California's
drought-stricken Central Valley said the financial assistance President Barack
Obama delivered on his visit Friday does not get to the heart of California's
long-term water problems. (AP Photo/Los Angeles Times, Wally Skalij, Pool)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              472 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Daily Mirror (Sri Lanka)

                            February 24, 2014 Monday

Japan provides aid for Northern returnees project

LENGTH: 431 words

DATELINE: Sri Lanka


Sri Lanka, Feb. 24 -- The Government of Japan has extended US$543,300
(approximately Rs. 70 million) to the "Assistance in Livelihood and Community
Strengthening for Returnees in the Mullaitivu and Kilinochchi District" to be
implemented by JEN, a Japanese NGO, in order to improve the livelihood of the
resettled communities in the Northern Province under the Japan-NGO Cooperation
Grant scheme funded by the Government of Japan.

The project titled "Assistance in Livelihood and Community Strengthening for
Returnees in Mullaitivu and Kilinochchi District" would help to rehabilitate and
uplift the livelihood and capacity of the community of the people through
constructing agro-wells, providing necessary tools such as water pumps,
providing workshops for agriculture and establishing cooperative societies. It
was envisaged that the project would facilitate stable water supply, ensure
livelihood and food security, and improve income of nearly 240 families directly
and indirectly.

As a nation which commits itself and also contributes to global peace and
prosperity, Japan focused its assistance in Sri Lanka on consolidation of peace
and reconstruction as well as the medium and long-term vision for development.
In this context, Japan had given high priority to support the reconstruction and
to improving the living conditions of the people. Japan also extended its
fullest support towards the peace process since it firmly believed that peace
and reconciliation were pre-requisites for sustainable development and
prosperity of Sri Lanka.

Mr. Nasuda, Administration and Finance Officer of Colombo Office of JEN, said:
"JEN is an international NGO established in 1994 to provide victims of conflicts
and natural disasters with emergency assistance and support for self-reliance
across the globe. In Sri Lanka, JEN started its operations in the aftermath of
the Tsunami in 2004. Soon after completing the operation, JEN had focused on
assisting the people affected by the conflict in the East since 2007 and in the
North since 2009.

From March 1, 2014, JEN starts a new 1-year project "Assistance in Livelihood
and Community Strengthening for Returnees in the Mullaitivu and Kilinochchi
District."

The Grant Contract was signed between Mr. Nobuhito Hobo, Ambassador of Japan and
Mr. Tomoo Nasuda, Administration and Finance Officer of JEN, at the Ambassador's
Residence in Colombo.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily Mirror Sri Lanka. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 Wijeya Newspaper Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              473 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Parramatta Advertiser (Australia)

                            March 11, 2015 Wednesday
                               Parramatta Edition

Federal cuts hurt aid group

BYLINE: Deborah FitzGerald

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 23

LENGTH: 308  words


A HOLROYD community group which deals with the area's most vulnerable residents
is continuing to fight for survival despite having their funding cut by the
-Federal Government.

Holroyd Community Aid is clinging to hope that -politicians will come up with a
rescue package as the demand for emergency relief grows daily.

HCA manager Narelle Morris said she had been heartened by the community
response, including a -petition, but said goodwill would not feed a family with
hungry kids or provide emergency medicines.

Mrs Morris said the -Opportunity Shop at 17A Miller St, Merrylands, was only
weeks away from closing its doors.

She said a $10,000 grant from the State Government was welcome but the money
could only be spent on upgrading the shop, not on emergency relief.

"People can't eat a dress or a piece of furniture," Mrs Morris said. The shop is
run almost -entirely by volunteer labour and had received more than 80 per cent
of its funding from the Department of Social Services but that money was cut in
December.

Mrs Morris said the $184,000 funding cut meant that Holroyd Community Aid could
no longer provide food and chemist vouchers, nappies, clothing, blankets and
assistance with water and electricity bills to local residents in financial
crisis.

Parramatta federal Labor MP Julie Owens said it was an underhanded move and the
cuts had blindsided many organisations.

"By contacting organisations right before Christmas, they haven't even been
given a proper chance to look for further funding," Ms Owens said.

"Holroyd Community Aid has been helping the community in Merrylands for -almost
50 years.

"If we don't speak up, they'll be forced to close down at the end of March.
"This is a service that understands our community and that has built a strong
relationship with locals."The petition can be found at
julieowens.com.au/communityaid.

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Parramatta Advertiser


                   Copyright 2015 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              474 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  August 4, 1993, WEDNESDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

SIGHT OF FLOOD VICTIMS MOVES HUD CHIEF TO ACT ON HOUSING

BYLINE: Cynthia Todd Of the Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8A

LENGTH: 433 words


Moved by the sight of scores of people uprooted from their homes by flooding,
U.S. Housing and Urban Development Secretary Henry Cisneros said here Tuesday
that HUD would take the lead in long-range efforts to get them into permanent
housing.  After spending hours with families seeking help at a disaster relief
center in St. Charles and a shelter in south St. Louis County, Cisneros said he
would organize a meeting of federal, state and local housing officials. It will
be held within two weeks at either St. Louis or Kansas City, he said.  During
his day here, Cisneros called Vice President Al Gore and James Witt, director of
the Federal Emergency Management Agency, and recommended reopening the area's
FEMA disaster aid centers, recently closed.  Cisneros called the housing meeting
to try to prevent flood victims from becoming mired in a maze of bureaucratic
red tape. He hopes the meeting will: Enhance coordination of flood aid to
victims by FEMA and the Red Cross and other charitable organizations.  Develop
an effective system for matching HUD's resources with flood victims' needs.  HUD
could get between $250 million and $300 million from the $4.7 billion flood aid
package pending in the Senate. Some of that money will go to cities and states
in community development block grant money for such things as repairing bridges
and roads. The rest is targeted for such things as housing, rental assistance
and relocation of flood victims.  Cisneros became concerned after listening to
people like Robin Payne of West Alton. "I was working out of town, and when I
came back, we were under water," Payne told Cisneros. Payne, 37, said that water
now nearly topped the roof of his mobile home. He was at the Red Cross Center in
the basement of the United Methodist Church in St. Charles trying to get rental
help.  Harold and Delores Leriche of St. Charles County told Cisneros they also
had been flooded out of their mobile home. Delores Leriche said she hoped to go
back. "Where else will we go?" she asked. Harold Leriche is 78. Delores Leriche
is 74. Both are retired.  Cisneros said later that what he saw Tuesday was a
good start at helping flood victims. But the biggest job lies ahead.  "My
concern is that 42,000 people in the region have been displaced," Cisneros said.
"If we overbureaucratize, the people who suffer are the people who must fill out
14 forms." Cisneros later met with HUD workers and challenged them to reinvent
their roles during the flood disaster.  "I hope that months from now, people
will say, 'When people needed help, we provided housing.' "

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; Photo by Larry Williams/Post-Dispatch - Henry Cisneros,
secretary of Housing and Urban Development, talking to flood victims Tuesday at
a Red Cross center in St. Charles. He said HUD would help the displaced find
housing.

                  Copyright 1993 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              475 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring South Asia - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                             April 5, 2011 Tuesday

Sri Lanka to receive 500m-dollar loan from Chinese bank for road projects

LENGTH: 318 words


Text of report headlined "China To Finance US$ 500 mn Priority Road Projects"
published by Sri Lankan newspaper The Island website on 5 April

The China Development Bank Corporation is to provide a 500m-dollar loan to
finance priority road projects in Sri Lanka, the government said. Media Minister
Keheliya Rambukwella told journalists in Colombo last week that the monies would
be used to improve and rehabilitate roads connecting electorates countrywide.

The project once completed would result in the reduction of transport costs,
better integration of all parts of the country, increase economic activity and
provide more employment opportunities, he said.

Rambukwella said that the loan agreement would be signed shortly between the
Finance Ministry and China Development Bank Corporation.

Japan has pledged to grant Rupees 468 million to finance a Food Security Project
for Low Income Farmers. It would be used to purchase agricultural machinery and
equipment numbering a total of 870 Two Wheel and Four Wheel Tractors, to assist
the food production program, he said.

Rambukwella said that the Asian Development Bank has agreed to provide an
additional loan of 17.6m dollars to implement the Muttur Water Supply Scheme
under the on going Secondary Town and Rural Community Based Water Supply
Sanitation Project, which would benefit 50,000 people.

The Cabinet of ministers, he said, had also granted approval for the Finance
Ministry to negotiate with the International Development Association (IDA) of
the World Bank, for interest free emergency financial assistance of 38m dollars
for community livelihood projects in the conflict affected areas.

Funding was urgently needed to support emergency rehabilitation and restoration
of agricultural roads, tanks, minor irrigation schemes and canals that were
affected due to the recent floods, Rambukwella said.

Source: The Island website, Colombo, in English 05 Apr 11

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2011 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              476 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 15, 2016 Friday

Washington: Senators Stabenow, Peters Announce over $1.2 Million in Support for
Michigan Firefighters and First Responders

LENGTH: 525  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Debbie Stabenow has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Senators Debbie Stabenow and Gary Peters today announced over $1.2 million
for Michigan firefighters and first responders to help purchase equipment. This
grant comes from the Federal Emergency Management Agency's Assistance to
Firefighters Grants program.





 The Waterford Regional Fire Department will receive an award for $86,164. The
Farmington Public Safety Department will receive an award for $13,143. The Port
Huron Department of Public Safety-Fire Division will receive an award for
$21,252. The North Oakland County Fire Authority will receive an award for
$202,791. The Ypsilanti City Fire Department will receive an award for $56,000.
The West Bloomfield Township Fire Department will receive an award for $186,364.
The South Haven Area Emergency Services Authority will receive an award for
$398,182. The Cannon Township Fire Department will receive an award for $32,854.
The Posen Area Fire and Rescue will receive an award for $66,071. The Bruce
Township Fire Department will receive an award for $88,096. The Arcadia Township
Fire Department will receive an award for $72,000.



 "Our firefighters in Michigan put their lives on the line to protect our
families and homes," said Senator Stabenow. "Thanks to these new resources,
these brave men and women will have the equipment they need to help them do
their jobs more safely and effectively."



 "Michigan's firefighters serve their communities each day with courage,
integrity, and pride," said Senator Peters. "I am very pleased that this grant
will help ensure these brave men and women have the tools and training they need
to protect themselves as they respond to emergencies."



 "On behalf of the Cannon Township Fire Department, I would like to extend our
appreciation to FEMA and U.S. Senator Debbie Stabenow, for approving a grant to
be used in the purchase of 10,200 feet of large and small diameter hose," said
Jim Morris, Cannon Township Fire Chief. "The grant will allow us to continue to
provide safe and effective response to the residents of Cannon Township and the
surrounding communities."



 The grant enables Cannon Township to replace 50-60% of a fire hose which has
been worn out and is not in compliance with the current National Fire Protection
Association (NFPA) standards. Hoses are often an overlooked piece of equipment,
but critical component of every fire ground. Only 8% of Cannon Township falls
within a hydrant district. This grant will help in providing greater reach in
the local hydrant district, but also the non-hydrant districts where often times
firefighters experience long hose lays over 1,000 feet to get water to the scene
of a structure fire.



 Eligible fire departments and Emergency Medical Services organizations in
Michigan and across the country can apply for Assistance to Firefighters Grants.
These competitive grants help first responders purchase the equipment and obtain
the training needed to handle fire-related hazards.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              477 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 15, 2016 Friday

Washington: Senators Stabenow, Peters Announce over $1.2 Million in Support for
Michigan Firefighters and First Responders

LENGTH: 525  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Debbie Stabenow has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Senators Debbie Stabenow and Gary Peters today announced over $1.2 million
for Michigan firefighters and first responders to help purchase equipment. This
grant comes from the Federal Emergency Management Agency's Assistance to
Firefighters Grants program.





 The Waterford Regional Fire Department will receive an award for $86,164. The
Farmington Public Safety Department will receive an award for $13,143. The Port
Huron Department of Public Safety-Fire Division will receive an award for
$21,252. The North Oakland County Fire Authority will receive an award for
$202,791. The Ypsilanti City Fire Department will receive an award for $56,000.
The West Bloomfield Township Fire Department will receive an award for $186,364.
The South Haven Area Emergency Services Authority will receive an award for
$398,182. The Cannon Township Fire Department will receive an award for $32,854.
The Posen Area Fire and Rescue will receive an award for $66,071. The Bruce
Township Fire Department will receive an award for $88,096. The Arcadia Township
Fire Department will receive an award for $72,000.



 "Our firefighters in Michigan put their lives on the line to protect our
families and homes," said Senator Stabenow. "Thanks to these new resources,
these brave men and women will have the equipment they need to help them do
their jobs more safely and effectively."



 "Michigan's firefighters serve their communities each day with courage,
integrity, and pride," said Senator Peters. "I am very pleased that this grant
will help ensure these brave men and women have the tools and training they need
to protect themselves as they respond to emergencies."



 "On behalf of the Cannon Township Fire Department, I would like to extend our
appreciation to FEMA and U.S. Senator Debbie Stabenow, for approving a grant to
be used in the purchase of 10,200 feet of large and small diameter hose," said
Jim Morris, Cannon Township Fire Chief. "The grant will allow us to continue to
provide safe and effective response to the residents of Cannon Township and the
surrounding communities."



 The grant enables Cannon Township to replace 50-60% of a fire hose which has
been worn out and is not in compliance with the current National Fire Protection
Association (NFPA) standards. Hoses are often an overlooked piece of equipment,
but critical component of every fire ground. Only 8% of Cannon Township falls
within a hydrant district. This grant will help in providing greater reach in
the local hydrant district, but also the non-hydrant districts where often times
firefighters experience long hose lays over 1,000 feet to get water to the scene
of a structure fire.



 Eligible fire departments and Emergency Medical Services organizations in
Michigan and across the country can apply for Assistance to Firefighters Grants.
These competitive grants help first responders purchase the equipment and obtain
the training needed to handle fire-related hazards.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              478 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Clover Herald (South Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 25, 2007 Tuesday

Foundation awards $143,260 in grants

BYLINE: The Daily Progress, Charlottesville, Va.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 586 words


Sep. 25--The Charlottesville Area Community Foundation has awarded $143,260 in
grants to 19 local nonprofit organizations.

CACF, which has given out $22 million in grants since its founding in 1967,
offers grants twice a year.

Announced Monday, the new recipients are:

AIDS Services Group: $6,500 to stock the emergency Food Pantry;

Alliance for Interfaith Ministries: $6,000 to assist with emergency assistance
to families in temporary financial crisis;

Blue Ridge Area Food Bank Network: $5,000 in support of the Kids Cafe
after-school program for the 17 after-school sites in Charlottesville,
Albemarle, Fluvanna, and Orange;

Blue Ridge Medical Center, Rural Health Outreach Program: $8,000 to offer health
services to Latinos in need in Nelson and Albemarle counties and
Charlottesville;

Center for Nonprofit Excellence: $7,500 for operations that allow the CNE to
continue to provide an array of services to the nonprofit community to help
maximize their potential;

Charlottesville Symphony Society: $2,500 to support Symphony Preludes, a program
that sends musicians into all public schools in Charlottesville and Albemarle
County for demonstrations, instruction and performances;

Charlottesville Redevelopment and Housing Authority: $20,000 to hire a
prevention specialist to work with public housing residents to prevent eviction,
provide resources and promote self-sufficiency;

Chesapeake Bay Foundation: $7,500 to support the Charlottesville-area focused
Virginia Watershed Education Program, which provides on-the-water field
experiences and environmental education to students and teachers;

Emergency Food Bank: $8,840 to provide weekly food bags and a monthly dinner for
clients of On Our Own;

Fluvanna County Public Schools: $7,520 in support of the Families Learning
Together Program;

Habitat for Humanity of Greater Charlottesville: $10,000 to help complete the
conversion of Sunrise Trailer Park into Sunrise Park;

Independence Resource Center: $7,500 to purchase three sports wheelchairs to
support the Charlottesville Cardinals wheelchair basketball program;

Louisa Downtown Development Corp.: $5,000 to help complete the construction and
restoration of Louisa High School and its re-use as the Louisa Arts Center;

Nelson County Museum of Rural History (Oakland): $6,000 to provide staff and
material support to the museum, in collaboration with the Millennium Group, on
an oral history center and project;

Piedmont Family YMCA: $8,000 to provide funding for new commercial grade
equipment used in food preparation at the YMCA's Child Care Center;

Rockfish Valley Community Center: $10,000 to support a capital plan to replace
the antiquated steam heating system;

Rockfish Valley Foundation: $2,500 to improve the Camille Memorial Park trail
head;

Salvation Army: $10,000 to support the Medical Assistance Program that provides
co-payments and assists clients in navigating the indigent care program at the
UVa Medical Center; and the

Southern Environmental Law Center: $5,000 to support a study and publication of
findings of stormwater pollution in the Charlottesville-Albemarle area.

To see more of The Daily Progress or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.dailyprogress.com. Copyright (c) 2007, The Daily Progress,
Charlottesville, Va. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20070925-CV-Foundation-awards-143,260-in-grants-0925

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CV


               Copyright 2007 The Clover Herald (South Carolina)


                              479 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                           February 14, 2006 Tuesday

EAST BAY ROUNDUP

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. F4

LENGTH: 808 words


Byron

TOWN WON'T BE FINED OVER WASTEWATER: Despite pressure to revamp its ailing
wastewater storage system, Byron has avoided fines the state had planned to levy
this month.

The California Regional Water Quality Control Board had threatened monetary
penalties in the thousands of dollars if officials had not figured out how to
reconfigure the system by Feb. 1.

However, community leaders and water officials say there's a plan in the works,
and any fines have been suspended.

"We have not issued any fines at this time," said Mark List, a senior
engineering geologist with the water quality control board, the state
institution responsible for making sure communities are correctly treating and
storing their wastewater.

The agency planned to meet with Byron this week to discuss a schedule for fixing
their problems, List said.

Lee Cummings, president of the Byron Sanitary District, said he plans to unveil
the fix-it plans this week.

-- Tanya Rose

East Bay

FEMA OFFERS FLOOD DAMAGE ASSISTANCE: Six weeks after storms ripped through the
region, the Federal Emergency Management Agency is offering assistance centers
for those affected by floods.

A FEMA center will open from 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. through Wednesday at 2180 Diamond
Blvd. in Concord. Another center will open from 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. Thursday and
Friday and from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. Saturday at 14330 San Pablo Ave. in San Pablo.

People can go to either location to apply for low interest loans or grants for
temporary housing, minor repairs or other related costs. They also can seek
federal or state disaster assistance via FEMA's toll-free phone registration
line, 800-621-FEMA (3362), or online at www.fema.gov.

Solano County has two FEMA disaster recovery centers, one at 580 Texas Street in
Fairfield and the other in Vacaville's City Hall complex at 630 Merchant St.
They are open 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. weekdays and 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. on Saturdays.

Preregistration at www.fema.gov or by phone at 800-621-3362 is advised.

-- Danielle Samaniego

East Bay

BART TO USE PARKING FEE PORTION FOR STATIONS: With $1 parking charges set to
take effect this year at several East Bay BART stations, transit district
leaders have approved a policy to ensure some of the money remains at the
stations for improvements.

Director Bob Franklin's proposal sets aside $650,000 to make it easier for
pedestrians to reach the stations. If BART is going to charge for parking -- a
move it adopted last year -- patrons should be able to see what the money is
being used for, Franklin said at a meeting last week.

His board colleagues shot down the proposal in January. They wanted to allow for
financial emergencies.

"It's got more flexibility in it now," Franklin said.

The money will be used to clean up stations, improve access for disabled
customers and fund other work that will make it more attractive for people to
walk to BART stations.

Richmond

OFFICER SHOOTS, WOUNDS ARMED SUSPECT: A Richmond patrol officer shot a gunman
running from a traffic stop Sunday after he turned and brandished a handgun,
police said.

The suspect, whom the officer watched commit a drive-by shooting moments
earlier, ran into a back yard in the Santa Fe neighborhood about 5:15 p.m. He
turned toward his pursuer with the gun in his hand, prompting the officer to
fire several rounds, Lt. Mark Gagan said.

One round struck the suspect, 20-year-old Pinole resident Michael Gulby, in the
leg. Despite his injury, Gulby vaulted a backyard fence and eluded a police
search before appearing a short time later at Doctor's Medical Center in San
Pablo, Lt. Alec Griffin said.

The officer, a 16-year veteran, went on paid leave while police detectives
investigate the shooting. The initial investigation indicates the officer did
follow department policy, Gagan said. Police did not release the officer's name
Monday.

-- Karl Fischer

Vallejo

VETERANS TRYING TO BUY 'MIGHTY MIDGET': A group of World War II veterans has
raised three-quarters of the money needed to return a tiny warship used in the
invasion of Okinawa to San Francisco Bay as a museum.

The 158-foot "mighty midget" is now in Bangkok where it is about to end a long
career in the Royal Thai navy.

The Thai navy has agreed to give the 61-year-old ship back to the United States,
but it will cost about $200,000 to tow to California, where supporters are
trying to dock it as a museum ship at Mare Island Naval Shipyard in Vallejo.

A group of 18 surviving crew members and a handful of former sailors from other
mighty midgets have raised about $150,000.

Supporters say the tiny ship's battle history has been largely overlooked.

The ship, known as the USS LCS (L) 86, was one of a fleet of 130 gunnery support
ships that served in the Pacific in the last days of the war. They were slower
than modern-day commuter ferries but were loaded with anti-aircraft guns and 10
rocket launchers.

-- Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              480 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Pantagraph (Bloomington, Illinois)

                            March 08, 2008 Saturday

Feds reverse flood decision

BYLINE: By Tony Sapochetti;tsapochetti@pantagraph.com

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 701 words


PONTIAC - The people of Pontiac and Watseka will receive federal help after all
for the damage done in January by Vermilion River flooding, but when it will
start arriving isn't clear.

Gov. Rod Blagojevich announced Friday that federal officials have reversed their
previous decision to deny a federal disaster declaration for Livingston and
Iroquois counties. The declaration opens the way for cleanup and recovery grants
for residents and low-interest loans for businesses.

"I'm thrilled, absolutely thrilled," Pontiac Mayor Scott McCoy said. "With all
of the hard work that everyone has put into this, we will be able to get the
help that we desperately need.

"This will allow residents and their community to get back on their feet and get
their lives back together," he said.

Federal Emergency Management Agency officials will come to Pontiac and Watseka
to set up field offices, possibly next week, Illinois Emergency Management
Agency spokeswoman Patti Thompson said. The actual date hasn't been determined.

Those who have been affected by the flood first need to apply for a grant or
loan through a toll-free FEMA number or on the agency's Web site.

"This federal declaration is great news for people in these two counties who
were devastated by one of the worst floods to hit this area in several decades,"
Illinois EmergencyManagement Agency Director Andrew Velasquez III said in a news
release. "We will begin working immediately with FEMA to get the application
process started so that flood victims can get needed assistance as quickly as
possible."

Federal assistance may include cash grants to help cover costs of temporary
housing, home repairs or replacement or other disaster-related costs. President
Bush's declaration also approved the state's request for low-interest loans
through the Small Business Administration and aid for projects intended to
prevent future flooding.

Thompson said FEMA officials should remain in the area until all applications
are handled.

How the assessment worked

Snow melt and heavy rain Jan. 7 and 8 drove the Vermilion over its banks. The
river crested Jan. 9, and city officials say they measured that crest at a
record 19.5 feet - about 5 feet above flood stage.

The flood drove hundreds of people from their homes and closed some businesses
in Pontiac. Washington Elementary School had 6 inches of water and remained
closed until Jan. 15.

McCoy said there still are some residents who have not been able to return to
their homes.

Immediately after the water receded, teams from IEMA, FEMA, Livingston County
Emergency Services and Disaster Agency, and the Small Business Administration
did a preliminary assessment of the damage. That assessment was sent to
Blagojevich, who declared the two counties a state disaster area and asked Bush
on Jan. 18 for a federal declaration.

On Feb. 6, FEMA notified Blagojevich that the declaration had been denied
because federal officials believed state and local resources were sufficient for
the cleanup and recovery efforts.

The denial upset local officials, and they called on U.S. Rep. Tim Johnson, an
Urbana Republican, and U.S. Sens. Dick Durbin and Barack Obama, both D-Ill., for
help.

A reassessment by IEMA, FEMA and local officials found more than 1,000 homes
were affected by the flooding, including 237 with major damage, in the Pontiac
and Watseka areas. That was about double the number found in the initial
assessment.

The appeal based on the reassessment was then submitted to Bush on Feb. 21.
McCoy traveled this week to Washington, D.C., to lobby for help.

The federal lawmakers each issued statements thanking Bush for the federal
declaration.

"As I said in letters to FEMA and to the White House, this is not a disaster on
the scale of (Hurricane) Katrina," Johnson said, "but it is every bit as
devastating to the already fragile lives of the elderly, the parents and
children who have been rendered homeless and more destitute because of a natural
disaster they in no way could have prepared for or defended against."

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2008 The Pantagraph


                              481 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 16, 2013 Monday

New Jersey: Christie Administration Employed Over 1,000 Workers in Sandy Clean
Up Goal of Federal Grant is Surpassed as Unemployed People get Temporary Jobs

LENGTH: 729  words

DATELINE: Trenton


Department of Labor and Workforce Development, The State of New Jersey has
issued the following news release:

A little over a year after Superstorm Sandy devastated New Jersey, a program
launched by the Christie Administration to temporarily hire 1,000 people to
restore and rebuild impacted communities has surpassed its goals, noted state
Labor Commissioner Harold J. Wirths today as he toured rebuilding efforts in
Union Beach.

"The Christie Administration got to work on this grant before the storm surge
receded, and we set out with a plan to give 1,000 unemployed people a chance at
temporary jobs helping the state recover and rebuild from Sandy. We have
surpassed that goal, while helping a lot of Garden State communities in the
process, including Union Beach," said Commissioner Wirths as he toured the
borough.

To date, more than 1,056 people have been given temporary jobs, cleaning up and
restoring communities in 13 counties and repairing state properties under a
$15.6 million National Emergency Grant obtained by the New Jersey Department of
Labor and Workforce Development in the wake of the storm. The state Department
of Environmental Protection, the Palisades Interstate Park Commission and the
Department of Military and Veterans Affairs also have hired workers through the
grant.

Approximately 300 of the temporary workers remain on the job in various parts of
New Jersey, with about 15 of the 22 workers initially assigned to Union Beach
still on the job. Commissioner Wirths, along with members of his staff, joined
local officials today in examining the progress the workers helped to bring
about in the Monmouth County borough.

The Union Beach workers are assisting in different areas, including helping the
Department of Public Works rebuild garages that were destroyed and helping the
Construction Permitting Office to process the overwhelming volume of
construction permits spurred by the rebuilding effort. The workers also are
assisting in the Information Technology Department to upgrade systems due to the
increased volume of work.

"This grant has been instrumental in helping towns like Union Beach get on the
track to recovery," said Commissioner Wirths. "We accomplished two important
goals here. We gave crucial assistance to the impacted communities and we gave
temporary employment to people who needed jobs - jobs that gave them some wages,
enabled them to add to their work history and bolstered their chances of finding
full-time work."

Several communities in Monmouth County, including Union Beach, temporarily hired
about 250 workers in total under the National Emergency Grant over the past
year. Union Beach, a borough of less than 2-square miles, lost more than 60
homes to the storm, with another 200 left uninhabitable and hundreds more either
damaged or flooded.

In addition to touring different worksites in Union Beach, Commissioner Wirths
also visited with National Emergency Grant workers recruited through the Gateway
Church of Christ in the nearby town of Holmdel.

When church members became aware of the need for food and supplies in Union
Beach after Sandy, a groundswell of volunteers from the church's national
network came to help. With 200 volunteers, they brought supplies and food each
week to the community. Workers hired under the National Emergency Grant helped
to centralize and organize the effort. Over the past year, 25 individuals were
hired under the grant through Gateway Church of Christ, and about 15 workers
remain.

"As a result of our partnership with Gateway Church of Christ and supplying
workers hired under the NEG to help organize volunteers and distribute supplies,
we were able to expand assistance to other towns in the area, including
Highlands Borough, Keyport Borough, Keansburg Borough, Port Monmouth, Middletown
Township and Atlantic Highlands Borough," said Commissioner Wirths.

As Labor Commissioner Harold J. Wirths (right) toured Union Beach today, Public

Works Director John Haines (left) pointed out the high water mark of the
Superstorm
Sandy flooding that destroyed much of the borough's public works facilities.
Behind
Haines is a trailer officials have been forced to use while restoration works
continues
on the buidings with the help of workers hired through a National Emergency
Grant issued
by state Labor officials.

For further information please visit: http://lwd.dol.state.nj.us/

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              482 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                              July 5, 2013 Friday

Lake County in 60 seconds

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 319 words


Round Lake Beach grant:

The village of Round Lake Beach recently received a grant from the Illinois
Clean Energy Community Foundation (ICECF) to install energy efficient light
fixtures in three of its municipal buildings. Public works director Gary
Gramhofer said the grant targeted the public works facility, the pump station in
Orchard water tower and the Woods Street water pumping station. The old light
fixtures in the buildings have been replaced and the village's administration
has received two checks from the ICECF and the Metropolitan Mayors' Caucus in
the past three weeks after the upgrades were completed. The checks totaled
nearly $28,000. Gramhofer said the project would save the village around $4,865
a year

Lake Co. to get flood relief:

The Lake County Board is expected to vote Tuesday to accept disaster relief from
the Federal Emergency Management Agency. Money was requested following the
storms and flooding in April and May to help reimburse the county for some of
its damage and cleanup costs. The exact amount of assistance hasn't been
determined, officials said. The board is scheduled to meet at 9 a.m. at the
county government center in downtown Waukegan.

Lincolnshire board meets:

The Lincolnshire village board will meet at 7 p.m. Monday at village hall, One
Olde Half Day Road, to discuss a storm sewer project, equipment purchases and
other issues. A committee-of-the-whole meeting will follow, as usual.

Ryan Beatty in Schaumburg:

Seventeen-year-old YouTube singing sensation Ryan Beatty will meet fans at the
AT&T store in Schaumburg from 11:30 a.m. to 12:30 p.m. today to discuss his
support of the "It Can Wait" public campaign discouraging texting and driving.
The AT&T Mobility Store is at 1400 Golf Road. Beatty has gained worldwide
popularity with 35 million views on YouTube and is currently touring the U.S.
For information on the It Can Wait campaign, visit www.itcanwait.com.

LOAD-DATE: July 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              483 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  August 31, 1993, TUESDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

RELOCATION AFTER FLOOD: LIKE STONE SOUP

BYLINE: Warren M. Pugh Jr.

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 7B

LENGTH: 789 words

COMMENTARY COLUMN


The Great Flood of '93 has been called a "disaster in slow motion." The anguish
and pain is just sinking in for many as they return to their devastated homes.
The community as a whole is suffering. All face a great deal of hard work to
restore their lives. Public officials must confront difficult choices that will
affect communities for generations. But that hard work and those difficult
choices can be turned into opportunities to halt the vicious cycle of people
devastated by being flooded out of their homes time and time again.  Many people
are understandably angry and confused. It's tough to find out you may never go
back home again. It's frustrating to wait for answers slow in coming while
waters recede. I realize that when homes are in ruins, fast is never fast
enough.  There are no simple answers to rebuilding lives or relocating a
community.  There is no single program to make things the way they were before
the flood.  But that doesn't mean that relocation can't or won't work. It's
something like the old fable of "Stone Soup." Two hungry strangers come to a
village. Everyone is starving because the crops failed that year. Unfazed, the
strangers announce they will feed the village by making soup from stones. First,
they ask one villager for a pot.  They ask another for water and firewood. The
boiling pot inspires the villagers. One-by-one they bring their contributions -
a little salt, a single stalk of greens, a snippet of herbs, a morsel of meat.
By the end of the day, a huge pot of soup simmers on the fire, with enough to
feed the entire village.  The moral is simple. Some problems can't be solved
individually. Sometimes we need a catalyst and direction.  Relocation after the
flood is a lot like "stone soup." No one government agency or program can solve
the problem. But the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) can help each
community develop solutions.  FEMA has several ways of helping with relocation:
The Hazard Mitigation Grant Program can pay half the cost of buying properties,
as well as expenses for relocation if it is cost-effective and prevents future
damages. State and local governments and private nonprofit organizations must
apply for the funds.  National Flood Insurance Section 1362 uses insurance
premiums, not tax dollars, to buy out individuals with flood insurance.
Individual Assistance Programs help people with temporary housing, mortgage
payments or grants for down payments.  Other federal and state agencies have
ways to help: Community Development Block Grants may be used by communities as
their 50 percent match for the Hazard Mitigation Grant Program. The Department
of Housing and Urban Development recently announced $28.7 million for buyouts,
with $5.18 million for St. Louis city and county.  Economic Development
Administration programs fund community economic growth projects.  The Small
Business Administration, Farmers Home Administration and the Army Corps of
Engineers are among other agencies that can help people move from flood-prone
areas.  With this many ingredients tossed in the pot, the potential for
misunderstanding and misconceptions looms large. As I've met with many
individuals and community leaders, the same questions keep coming up.  What is a
buyout? A buyout is selling your property to your community so you can move out
of the flood plain.  Can I be forced out of my home? No, buyouts are voluntary.
Does the federal government decide who's bought out? No, buyouts are started by
your local officials. Call them first.  Will I be told where to live after a
buyout? No, you may live where ever you wish.  How long will a buyout take? Most
take six to nine months to complete, but vary case by case.  What if I had no
flood insurance? Communities can apply for various grants to help people without
flood insurance.  FEMA will take the lead to work closely with state and local
officials.  We'll provide technical assistance. We'll help identify funding
sources.  And most important, we'll do everything we can to keep everyone
informed. We've already started community meetings.  Even with our help, it will
take the ingenuity and creativity of all communities. Individual support and
cooperation with local officials is crucial.  At one of those recent town
meetings in Lemay, a man was upset because he didn't think his family could be
in a new home by Christmas. If we all do our job - the federal government, state
and local officials, and you - that family could well be in its new home by
Christmas. And that family and others in these communities will never again have
to go through the anguish of losing homes to another catastrophic flood.  FEMA
will be here as long as it takes to make that happen.

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1993 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              484 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 30, 2012 Friday

New York: UPDATE ON CITY RECOVERY AND ASSISTANCE OPERATIONS

LENGTH: 3360  words

DATELINE: Albany


Office of the Mayor, State of New York has issued the following news release:

Federal Aid Request

Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg released the City's request for more than $15 billion
in Federal aid for recovery from Hurricane Sandy. The Mayor's letter and
accompanying chart, sent today to members of the New York State Congressional
Delegation, are available at nyc.gov.

Restoring Power, Heat and Hot Water

Mayor Bloomberg and Department of Housing Preservation and Development
Commissioner Matthew M. Wambua notified building owners and landlords of
multi-family residential buildings impacted by Hurricane Sandy that they must
restore power, heat and hot water. Building owners must sign up for NYC Rapid
Repairs or take other steps to correct the services, or will be subject to
enforcement proceedings.  Building owners have two options:

Small Business Matching Grant Program

Mayor Bloomberg announced a new $5.5 million matching grant program for
businesses impacted by Hurricane Sandy. The grant program is funded with $5
million from the Mayor's Fund to Advance New York City and $500,000 from the
Partnership for New York City, and will be administered by the New York Business
Development Corporation.

The matching grants are designed to provide additional financial assistance for
local businesses already seeking low-interest loans through the City's existing
Emergency Loan Fund. The total amount of loans, grants and other financial
assistance available to businesses affected by the storm is more than $45
million.

NYC Rapid Repairs

Mayor Bloomberg announced that NYC Rapid Repairs, a first-of-its-kind program
that sends teams of contractors and City inspectors to restore power, heat and
hot water at homes impacted by Hurricane Sandy, has begun making repairs and
restoring service at homes. Last week, the Mayor visited two homes in the
Rockaways where Rapid Repair teams had restored power, heat and hot water. The
Mayor also announced the City has authorized $500 million for the Rapid Repairs
program.

Under unprecedented partnership with FEMA, City will coordinate all repair work
at no cost to homeowners so that work is done quickly and efficiently.
    Homeowners can sign up on nyc.gov or 311 to secure; they must also register
for a FEMA ID number from disasterassistance.gov or 1-800-621-3362
    Nearly 7,000 homeowners have enrolled and more than 4,500 assessments have
been scheduled. More than 2,000 assessments have been completed.

$1.2 Billion for Major Repair Work

The City has authorized a total of $1.2 billion for an emergency spending plan
to make critical repairs to homes, public schools and public hospitals damaged
by Hurricane Sandy. Those expenses include the $500 million for NYC Rapid
Repairs and $500 million to restore public school and hospital buildings, as
well as:

$30 million for the Department of Transportation to repair escalators and
elevators and electrical systems at St. George and Whitehall Street Staten
Island Ferry Terminals, to procure construction services for the Battery Park
underpass and West Street underpass, to repair signal lights sand intersections
that were damaged by wind and flooding.
    $12 million for the Department of Sanitation Office of Emergency Management
to remove debris
    $2.5 million to the Department of Citywide Administrative Services and Human
Resource Administration for food and water distribution.
    $2 million to the Department of Citywide Administrative Services for the
delivery of maintenance, repair and operations supplies for response operations
    $5 million for electrical plumbing and water line inspections for homes in
Staten Island and Queens
    $1.1 million to the Office of Emergency Management for additional ambulances

Food, Water & Supply Distribution at City-Run Resource Sites

The City opened food and water distribution sites in the hardest hit areas. They
are staffed by City employees, volunteers, the Salvation Army and National
Guard. Locations and hours:
http://www.nyc.gov/html/misc/html/2012/foodandwater.html.

From Thursday, November 1 through Monday, November 26, the following have been
distributed:

Approximately 2,085,402 meals
    Approximately 622,403 prepared meals
    Approximately 26,500 prepared Thanksgiving meals
    Approximately 723,748 bottles of water
    More than 170,856 blankets
    6,946 cases of baby formula, diapers and wipes
    8,788 packs of new underwear (kids and adults)
    1,552 winter hats
    3,780 winter gloves
    3,863 socks
    4,000 hand-warmers
    10,758 D batteries
    15,830 C batteries
    1,496 AA batteries
    507 cases of garbage bags
    3,435 flashlights/lanterns
    759 cases of toilet paper
    2,706 cases of bleach and other cleaning materials
    1,520 mop, shovels and construction buckets
    1,200 dustpans
    20,000 cases of Ziploc bags
    6,000 masks
    10,000 boxes of cleaning wipes
    1,500 work gloves
    928 cases of soap and hand sanitizer
    433 cases of fruit and apple sauce
    1,340 cases of dried food and canned food
    560 cases of Gatorade and juice

Partnership with Local Food Trucks

The Mayors Fund to Advance New York City partnered with the NYC Food Truck
Association and local food trucks to coordinate hot food distribution in areas
severely impacted by Hurricane Sandy in Brooklyn, Queens and Staten Island.

Since the start of the partnership, the food trucks have served or donated
237,896 meals. The locations and hours are available here:
http://www.nyc.gov/html/misc/html/2012/hot_food.html.

School Updates

On Monday, one school returned to its original building and 12 schools serving
approximately 5,400 students remain in temporary locations.

The City, Council of School Supervisors and Administrators and United Federation
of Teachers reached an agreement to make up school days lost because of
Hurricane Sandy:

School will be open the last three days of scheduled winter break, February 20 -
22, 2013.
    The half-day scheduled for June 4 will now become a full day of class.

Door-to-Door Canvass

The City coordinated a massive relief effort through NYC Service, the Department
of Health and Mental Hygiene and nonprofits and also organized medical teams
that:

Canvassed high-rise apartments in the Rockaways, Coney Island and Red Hook
    Provided food, water and medical assessments with prescriptions
    Evacuated 44 people for medical reasons.

The Department of Housing Preservation and Development is also contacting
building owners in affected areas to ask if services have been restored and if
they can check on their residents in buildings where power and heat are still
unavailable, Visiting Nurse Services is following up with tenant outreach.  More
than 65,000 residents have been contacted through this process.

Members of the National Guard and FEMA representatives also continue to go
door-to-door in these communities, and are leaving electric blankets in
apartments that have power - but no heat - and protective masks for residents to
wear if they're cleaning up storm damage. In addition, they are recording the
need for follow-up visits by nurses or food delivery services, and FEMA
representatives are carrying mobile devices enabling them to register for FEMA
assistance on the spot.

Mobile Medical Vans with Prescription Services

The City has deployed vans staffed with primary care providers who will be able
to provide medical care and distribute commonly prescribed drugs at several
locations in the Rockaways, Brooklyn, and Staten Island. Volunteers are also
going door-to-door to reach people who may have medical needs but remain in
their homes without heat and power. The location and hours are available here:
http://www.nyc.gov/html/misc/html/2012/medical_vans.html.

Power Customers Out

Total Con Ed customers without power: 1,725
    Total LIPA (Rockaways) customers without power: 9,442

Trees and Debris

Tree service requests from both Hurricane Sandy and the nor'easter total 26,011,
and 15,432 of those were for trees down.
    The City has addressed 19,357 of these emergency tree conditions and crews
continue to work around the clock to address conditions.

Sanitation 24-Hour Debris Cleanup Continues

Sanitation crews have collected more than 312,424 tons of trash, debris and tree
as a part of storm cleanup operations.

Vehicles damaged during the storm and left on public roadways are being moved to
lots where they will not interfere with use of the streets, response operations,
street cleaning and debris removal by the Sanitation Department.
    Owners can call their local police precinct or 1-800-244-5094 to get
information about where their vehicle is being stored.

NYCHA Facilities

Heat and hot water have been restored to all buildings impacted by Hurricane
Sandy.
    Power has been restored to all NYCHA residential buildings impacted by
Hurricane Sandy.
    Elevator service has been restored to all the elevators impacted by the
storm.

NYCHA will not begin any new housing court actions or perform evictions for
residential tenants living in developments affected by Hurricane Sandy. The
moratorium is effective from November 15, 2012 through January 1, 2013.

New NYC Restoration Centers

Mayor Bloomberg launched NYC Restore to connect New Yorkers affected by
Hurricane Sandy with the financial, health, environmental and residential
services they need - as well as FEMA reimbursement.

The list of NYC Restoration Centers is available here at
http://www.nyc.gov/html/misc/html/2012/dasc.html.
    Human Resources Administration staff will provide information on Medicaid,
Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) and temporary cash assistance.
    Department of Small Business Services will provide information on loans and
reimbursements to small businesses.
    The Departments of Health, Consumer Affairs, Housing Preservation and
Development and Aging, Administration for Children Services and the Department
for Youth and Community Development are also on site.
    The Department of Consumer Affairs Office of Financial Empowerment offers
financial counseling, including filing insurance claims, personal debt
counseling, and financial guidance on housing recovery.

More information is available at nyc.gov.

Department of Buildings Application & Fee Waiver

As part of the City's ongoing recovery and assistance operations to help New
Yorkers affected by Hurricane Sandy, Mayor Bloomberg signed an emergency order
to waive application and permit fees for Hurricane Sandy repair work until
further notice.

Buildings with significant structural damage in need of demolition, alterations
or reconstruction will have all their repair work fees waived.
    In addition, all fees for electrical and plumbing repair work will be waived
until further notice for any building damaged by the storm.

City Expedites Licensing for Home Improvement Contractors

The City is expediting additional Home Improvement Contractor licenses to
encourage unlicensed contractors or those working out of New York City to come
work on damaged property.

The Department of Consumer Affairs will expedite fingerprinting and applications
so that licenses are issued in two days.
    Home improvement contractors can begin the license application online or
in-person at the Consumer Affairs Licensing Center (42 Broadway, 5th Floor).
    There are currently 13,200 licensed home improvement contractors in New York
City.
    City encourages DCA-licensed contractors interested in subcontracting as
part of NYC Rapid Repairs to register at bteany.com/rapidrepairs.
    New Yorkers should review tips about hiring contractors at
nyc.gov/homeimprovement.

Alternate Side Parking

Alternate side parking regulations are suspended indefinitely in the
neighborhoods impacted by Hurricane Sandy. They include:

Queens Community Board 14: Broad Channel, Breezy Point, Belle Harbor, Neponsit,
Bayswater, Edgemere, Rockaway Park, Rockaway and Far Rockaway, and is delimited
by Jamaica Bay to the north, the Nassau County line to the east and the Atlantic
Ocean to the south. Note that as Staten Island does not have ASP, that borough
is not affected by the reinstatement of regulations in the remainder of the
city.
    Brooklyn Community Board 13: Coney Island, Brighton Beach, Gravesend and Sea
Gate, and is delimited by Gravesend Bay on the west, 26th Avenue, 86th Street
and Avenue Y on the north, Coney Island Avenue and Corbin Place on the east, and
Lower New York Bay on the south (indicating that the west side of Corbin Place
will be exempt from ASP regulations, while the east side will not, for example).

    Brooklyn Community Board 15: Sheepshead Bay, Manhattan Beach, Kings Bay,
Gerritsen Beach, Kings Highway, East Gravesend, Madison, Homecrest and Plum
Beach, and is delimited by Corbin Place, Coney Island Avenue, Avenue Y, 86th
street, Avenue U and MacDonald Avenue, Avenue P and Kings Highway on the north,
Nostrand Avenue and Marine Park on the east, as well as by the Atlantic Ocean on
the south.
    Brooklyn Community Board 18: Canarsie, Bergen Beach, Mill Basin, Flatlands,
Marine Park, Georgetown and Mill Island and is delimited by Nostrand Avenue on
the west, the Long Island Rail Road viaduct on the north, Van Sinderen Avenue
and Louisiana Avenue on the east and Short Parkways on the south.

Odd-Even Gasoline Purchasing System Ends

Mayor Bloomberg lifted the emergency order establishing an odd-even license
plate system for gasoline purchases. It expired on Saturday, November 24, at
6:00 AM.

Mayor Bloomberg established the odd-even license plate system on Friday,
November 9.
    The odd-even system was extended to keep gas lines manageable during some of
the heaviest travel days of the year.
    More than 85 percent of gas stations in the city are now operational and the
available supply of gasoline and diesel fuel is only expected to continue to
increase.

Staten Island Ferry Service Begins

Mayor Bloomberg and New York City Department of Transportation Commissioner
Sadik-Khan announced that New York Water Taxi was selected to run a new,
temporary service from Staten Island to Manhattan.

The service began today and will run for eight weeks as storm recovery work
continues.
    Ferries will depart the newly-constructed landing at Great Kills each half
hour from 6:30 to 9:00 AM for Pier 11 at Wall Street, and continue to 35th
Street.
    Ferries will return to Staten Island and arrive in Great Kills every half
hour between 5:40 and 8:10 PM.
    One-way fare will be $2.00

Expanded Staten Island Bus Service

The City has expanded bus service for the X23 and X24 lines in Staten Island to
meet rising demands as a result of the storm.

Atlantic Express will operate one additional bus on the X23 route and one
additional bus on the X24 route.
    Each additional bus will make four trips, for a total of eight additional
trips per day.

The Economic Development Corporation worked with Atlantic Express Bus to begin
operating temporary additional express bus service.

Rockaway Ferry Service

Seastreak ferry service is now running between the Rockaways and Manhattan.
Ferries depart from Beach 108th Street and Beach Channel Drive and stop at Pier
11 in Lower Manhattan. There are free transfer between Pier 11 and East 34th
Street in Midtown. One-way fares will cost $2.00.

The Economic Development Corporation installed a temporary landing in the
Rockaways to accommodate the temporary ferry service.

Free Parking for Rockaway Ferry Service

Free parking is available for those in the Rockaways taking the new ferry
service to Manhattan. The parking lot, which was secured thanks to the
assistance of National Grid, is across Beach Channel Drive from the new Rockaway
ferry landing.

Support to Businesses

The City's Department of Small Business Services and Economic Development
Corporation have put together a package of support for NYC businesses impacted
by the storm:

Emergency low-interest loans of up to $25,000 for businesses that have been
interrupted and suffered damage as a result of the storm. Applications are
available at any of the City's NYC Business Solutions Centers, by calling 311
and asking for "NYC Business Emergency Loan," or by visiting
on.nyc.gov/contactnycbiz.
    For businesses facing significant rebuilding costs, the City will provide
sales tax exemptions of up to $100,000 on purchases of materials, equipment and
related services needed to rebuild. Learn more here: nycedc.com/backtobusiness
    For displaced businesses, the City has identified more than 170,000 square
feet that will be made available free of charge, including 40,000 square feet of
City space at the Brooklyn Army Terminal, and more than 125,000 square feet of
space that private landlords have made available, across the five boroughs. A
full listing of commercial spaces and other resources is available at
nycedc.com/donations.
    Information on disaster loans from the U.S. Small Business Administration is
available at any of the City's NYC Business Solutions Centers, by calling
800-659-2955, or by visiting sba.gov/disaster.
    Alliance for Coney Island--a nonprofit organization formed, with the help of
the City, to continue the transformation of Coney Island into a year-round,
world-class recreational oceanfront destination--launched ConeyRecovers.org, a
multipronged relief and recovery effort to help Coney Island residents and
businesses dealing with the devastating aftermath of Hurricane Sandy. The
Alliance is comprised of all major Coney businesses, and the City has provided
them with $630,000 in funding originally allocated to the Coney Island
Development Corporation which will wind down operations.

Shelter for Those without Heat

Those in need of shelter should call 311, visit nyc.gov or a Restoration Center.

    The City also has opened daytime-only warming centers at senior centers in
every borough: http://www.nyc.gov/html/misc/html/2012/warming_ctr.html.
    Those who are using generators in their homes to run their heat should be
very careful to avoid carbon monoxide poisoning by never using portable
generators indoors, in garages or near open windows.
    Early signs of hypothermia include uncontrollable shivering, confusion or
sleepiness, slowed or slurred speech, stiffness in arms and legs, poor control
over body movements and slow reaction.

Community Recovery Directors Assist with Immediate Needs in Impacted Areas

Mayor Bloomberg appointed senior level New York City managers this week to
identify urgent needs, stay in close contact with the community leader and
deploy resources to meet needs. The City's Community Recover Directors are:

Haeda Mihaltses, Staten Island
    Matt Mahoney, Manhattan and the Bronx
    Nazli Parvizi, Brooklyn
    Diahann Billings-Burford, Queens

Brad Gair Appointed Director of Housing Recovery Operations

The Mayor appointed Brad Gair, one of the nation's top emergency management
professionals, to lead the effort to address challenge of providing longer-term
housing for New Yorkers displaced from their homes by Hurricane Sandy. Many
buildings that were flooded are going to be out of commission for a long time
because of damage to boilers and electrical systems. This includes public
housing, as well as private apartments and houses.

Air BNB Temporary Housing

Air BNB, an on-line service that connects people seeking temporary housing with
those who have unused space, has launched a new platform to link New Yorkers
displaced by Hurricane Sandy to New Yorkers who want to offer free places to
stay. Air BNB is providing with service at no fee, and information is available
at airbnb.com/sandy.

Hurricane Sandy Relief Fund

To date, more than 14,900 donors from around the country have contributed more
than $41 million to the Mayor's Fund to Advance New York City in support of
Hurricane Sandy relief.
    Cash donations to support these and other efforts can be made through the
Mayor's Fund to Advance New York City. Learn more here: nyc.gov/fund
    Cash donations are preferable to in-kind donations because the logistics of
collecting and distributing those supplies are complex.
    Anyone wishing to make cash contributions can go to nyc.gov or call 311 for
details.

For further information please visit: http://www.nyc.gov/

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2012 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              485 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                            March 16, 2005 Wednesday
                           The Daily Journal Edition

Oak Hill to explore options for grants

BYLINE: LINDA WALTON - CORRESPONDENT

SECTION: SECTION A; Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 441  words

DATELINE: OAK HILL


OAK HILL City commissioners have agreed to apply for state disaster recovery
funds to help offset hurricane damages, as long as it doesnt involve any upfront
costs. However, while the city was urged to apply for the funds by grant writer
Julie Wood, chairwoman of the Enterprise Zone Development Agency, no specific
projects were discussed. The city must qualify by the April 4 deadline for
Community Development Block Grant funding for disaster recovery under the state
Department of Community Affairs by accumulating a set number of points.

Im not sure the city can do that, state CDBG representative Judy Peacock said
Tuesday. Peacock said the city could take a chance on meeting the point system
in its application, or officials could ask Volusia County to apply on the citys
behalf. She said the point system doesnt apply to the county, which already
disburses federal block grant funds to cities, including Oak Hill. Although city
officials have not named a specific disaster recovery project, Peacock said
there are three general areas where funding is available: *Infrastructure
repairs, such as to drainage systems and streets. *Business assistance, if jobs
were lost. *Repairs to houses destroyed by hurricanes. The city has fixed most
of its hurricane damages, some with the assistance of FEMA reimbursements.
However, drainage and storm water runoff problems that cause flooding during
storms in several areas have not been fixed and are now the focus of a study by
the city and St. Johns Water Management District. While commissioners agreed
Monday night to apply for disaster recovery funding, Wood also discussed other
grant possibilities, including one from Florida Forever. Purchase of wetlands is
one potential use for grant funds from that source. City Commissioner Charlie
Dean objected to the city branching out on multiple grant requests.

We shouldnt be shooting birdshot at everything around. We need to determine what
grant we really need. Water is the goal of the commission. We need to get a
system in the city, not wetlands, Dean said.

You cant focus on just one project because there are different needs, Wood
replied. Mayor Darry Evans said he saw both sides.

I agree with Dean on focusing on water, but agree that we shouldnt miss out on
other grants, too, he said. In other business, the city was notified of a motion
filed in Circuit Court by the city of Edgewater, which wants to be paid
$28,433.90 in legal expenses for the annexation suit it won against Oak Hill.
The commission has not yet received a bill from Volusia County, which also sued
Oak Hill on the annexation issues, winning some points and losing others.

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: DBNJ

                Copyright 2005 ProQuest Information and Learning
                              All Rights Reserved
                               ProQuest SuperText
                    Copyright 2005 News-Journal Corporation


                              486 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                           January 7, 2015 Wednesday

WFP's productive safety nets for families in drought and flood-stricken areas of
Sindh

LENGTH: 407  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


The United Nations World Food Programme (WFP) has begun projects to improve
livelihoods and reduce communities' susceptibility to disasters in Tharparkar,
Sanghar and Mirpurkhas districts of Sindh, by a grant of US$2.78 million from
the government of Australia. Around 13,200 families will receive cash payments
for participation in disaster risk reduction activities, says a statement issued
by the WFP here today. "We are focusing on families bearing the brunt of drought
in Tharparkar and Sanghar, as well as flood-affected areas of Mirpurkhas," said
Lola Castro, WFP Pakistan Representative and Country Director.

"One of the major factors affecting livelihoods in these areas is inadequate
water. This project will see the construction of community assets that will help
improve livelihoods and sustainable food security." Following assessments to
identify the communities' needs, WFP has identified a series of activities
related to water conservation, rain water harvesting, water pond construction in
grazing areas, food and fodder storage and repair of culverts and access roads.
Each participant will receive PKR 5,400 (about US$53) per month for 15 days of
work. In Mirpurkhas district, WFP is working with the Food and Agriculture
Organization of the United Nations (FAO), the International Labour Organization
(ILO) and UNWOMEN on an integrated programme to assist communities through
agri-based and labour-intensive activities. The WFP project will include some
2,000 participants from villages where the other three UN agencies are already
working together, in order to support ongoing activities with the cash grants.
"This holistic approach is particularly relevant in areas affected by recurrent
shocks," explained Castro. "In the short-term, the cash payments help people
meet their immediate needs, including - crucially - food. In the long run, the
assets created in the community will help support livelihoods and improve food
security." The WFP's work in the area of disaster risk reduction focuses on
building the resilience and capacities of the most vulnerable communities by
working with local government to ensure food and nutrition security. The WFP is
the world's largest humanitarian agency fighting hunger worldwide, delivering
food assistance in emergencies and working with communities to improve nutrition
and build resilience. Each year, on average, WFP assists some 80 million people
in around 75 countries.

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              487 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                           December 18, 2007 Tuesday
                                CENTRAL EDITION

LOCAL NEWS BRIEFS

SECTION: LOCAL; Local News Briefs; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 460 words


Four housing agencies to receive HUD grants

Four housing agencies in Erie and Niagara counties will share part of $3.3
million in grants awarded to dozens of municipalities and public housing
authorities across New York State by the federal Department of Housing and Urban
Development.

The funds, which are provided through HUD's Family Self-Sufficiency Program,
will help low-income individuals get job training and employment placement on
the road to economic independence and self-sufficiency.

The Buffalo Municipal Housing Authority will receive $64,250; the Erie County
Public Housing Authority Consortium will get $143,215; the North Tonawanda
Public Housing Authority will receive $47,154; and the Rental Assistance
Corporation of Buffalo will get $143,600.

***

Local MS chapters merge to expand services

Two local chapters of the National Multiple Sclerosis Society have merged,
making it possible to expand programs and services for clients and their
families.

The merger between the Upstate New York Chapter and the Western New
York/Northwestern Pennsylvania Chapter has created a single group known as the
Upstate New York Chapter, which serves 3,200 clients. Consolidating
administrative and leadership functions has enabled the group to expand its
offerings, according to Randal A. Simonetti, president of the chapter.

The Fund for Alliances, supported by United Way Community Care contributions and
the Western New York Foundation, provided $21,895 for transitional expenses.

***

New Directions receives $225,000 from Oishei

A project aimed at assisting children who have suffered emotional trauma has
been awarded a $225,000 grant by the John R. Oishei Foundation.

The funds will be administered through the Care Management Coalition of Western
New York, a group of local agencies serving children and their families. The
project will fund training and research at New Directions Youth and Family
Services in Lockport.

New Directions is collaborating with the University at Buffalo School of Social
Work to produce research that will allow the project to be used elsewhere.

***

Water line break called normal for time of year

A Forestville village trustee Monday said that the village's water problems
Monday were a result of a water line break but not a return to the system's
problems of the past year.

Last summer, residents were told to boil their water before using it.

The water system shut down last winter when frozen pipes caused numerous breaks
in the aging system, which serves about 800 customers in the Chautauqua County
village. A state of emergency was declared.

"It's a water line break, which is normal for this time of year, and it's being
taken care of," said Trustee Molly Meadows. "It's not like the emergency we had
last winter, thank heavens."

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Briefs

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2007 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              488 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 3, 2016 Wednesday

Maryland: Hogan Administration Announces Programs Available for Ellicott City
Recovery

LENGTH: 912  words

DATELINE: New York



 Annapolis: Department of General Services, The State of Maryland  has issued
the following news release:



   As part of Maryland's comprehensive response to recent flooding in Howard
County, the Maryland Department of Housing and Community Development is offering
a number of programs that will help impacted households and business owners,
including increased funding or additional flexibility for previously submitted
applications to assist the city. This action from the department follows a
directive from Governor Larry Hogan earlier this week ordering all state
agencies to assist Ellicott City residents and businesses in their recovery
efforts from the historic flooding this past weekend.





 "The flood waters have receded, but the real work has just begun, and we will
continue to work with Howard County and Ellicott City officials to provide the
resources necessary for an effective recovery and rebuilding," said Governor
Hogan. "Helping residents and businesses get back on their feet and ensuring
that Ellicott City's historic main street comes back even stronger will remain a
top priority of our administration."



 Ellicott City has requested funding for façade improvement through the
Community Legacy Program, and the Department of Housing and Community
Development will work with the city in order to increase funding based on damage
assessments. Additionally, the department will extend Ellicott City's
application deadline for the Strategic Demolition Fund to enable assistance if
needed for this program.



 "Our department has a long and successful history of partnership with Ellicott
City, particularly through our neighborhood revitalization programs," said
Secretary Kenneth C. Holt. "We will continue to strengthen this partnership as
we work together to support business owners and residents during their recovery
efforts in the wake of this tragic disaster."



 Specific information on Community Legacy, the Strategic Demolition Fund, and
other Maryland Department of Housing and Community Development programs include:


 Disaster Relief Housing Program



 This program provides financial assistance in a declared emergency area to a
family whose primary residence was damaged or destroyed by the disaster. The
program will allow 20-year loans at a 0% deferred interest rate to affected and
eligible homeowners. The disaster relief financing is based upon the total cost
to rebuild or rehabilitate the home, less any Federal Emergency Management
Agency recoveries and less any insurance proceeds.



 DHCD Contact: Jack Daniels, 301-429-7802,  jack.daniels2@maryland.gov

                          David Klingler, 301-429-7799,
david.klingler@maryland.gov

 WholeHome (Maryland Housing Rehabilitation Program)



 This program provides low interest rate financing to low- and moderate-income
homeowners or to landlords with one to four unit rental properties in order to
rehabilitate their dwelling or rental unit.  Homeowners and tenants must meet
eligibility requirements of 80% statewide income. If this is a rental property,
the owner must agree to recorded covenants restricting the rental unit usage.

 http://dhcd.maryland.gov/Residents/Pages/WholeHome.aspx



 DHCD Contact: Jack Daniels, 301-429-7802, jack.daniels2@maryland.

                          David Klingler, 301-429-7799,
david.klingler@maryland.gov



 Maryland Disaster Housing Assistance Program (MDHAP)



 This program is a resource for short-term, emergency rental assistance for
families or individuals displaced by a natural disaster as identified by MEMA of
DHR. MDHAP will pay the owner the advertised rent or 100% of the fair market,
whichever is less. The term of the voucher is 90 days, extensions will be
considered if the home is not ready for occupancy at the end of 90 days.



 DHCD Contact: Gregory Hare, 301-429-7775, gregory.hare@maryland.gov

 Community Legacy



 The Community Legacy program is a flexible source of grant and loan funding for
revitalization of targeted areas; downtown Ellicott City IS eligible for these
awards. Recent awards in Ellicott City include grants for storefront
improvements and street furniture. The eligible applicant is Howard County or a
local nonprofit development organization.

 http://dhcd.maryland.gov/Communities/Pages/programs/CL.aspx



 DHCD Contact:  Melissa Archer, 410-209-5820, melissa.archer2@maryland.gov

 Strategic Demolition Fund



 The Strategic Demolition Fund is used by local governments and nonprofit
community development organizations for a range of predevelopment activities,
including removal of unsafe structures, demolition of obsolete structures, site
acquisition and land assembly, infrastructure improvements, site development and
architectural and engineering services. Eligible applicants are local
governments and local nonprofit development organizations.

 http://dhcd.maryland.gov/Communities/Pages/programs/SDF.aspx



 DHCD Contact:  Melissa Archer, 410-209-5820, melissa.archer2@maryland.gov

 Main Street Maryland



 Ellicott City is one of Maryland 's 28 designated historic Main Streets, and
is, therefore, able to participate in quarterly trainings as well as participate
in the above two grant programs as well as the Main Street Improvement Program,
which provides a range of small grants for local revitalization projects.
Eligible applicants are local governments and local nonprofit development
organizations.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              489 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              May 2, 2002 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Governor Seeks Federal Help for Tornado-Stricken Areas

BYLINE: Monte Reel and Eugene L. Meyer, Washington Post Staff Writers

SECTION: SOUTHERN MARYLAND EXTRA; SOUTHERN MARYLAND NOTEBOOK; Pg. T02

LENGTH: 1302 words


Gov. Parris N. Glendening (D) and Maryland's congressional delegation urged
President Bush this week to declare the sites ravaged by Sunday's tornado
federal disaster areas.

The federal government could provide financial assistance to residents if Bush
decides that recovery would be "beyond state and local means," Stacey Farnen, a
spokeswoman for Rep. Steny H. Hoyer (D), said Tuesday.

County employees worked throughout the day Tuesday to compile damage assessments
to file to the Maryland Emergency Management Agency and the Federal Emergency
Management Agency. The agencies were preparing to weigh those figures against
the expected amount of insurance payouts residents will collect.

John Healy, a spokesman for the Maryland Emergency Management Agency, said Bush
could use those numbers to help make his decision.

When a tornado struck College Park last year and caused an estimated $ 70
million in damage, residents did not qualify for disaster assistance because
many were heavily insured, Healy said.

"People shouldn't jump to the conclusion that the federal government is just
going to write them a check," Healy said. "We need to be realistic with people."

Hoyer remained optimistic. On Monday he spoke with Joe Allbaugh, FEMA director,
Farnen said. Because the damage caused by Sunday's tornado is believed to be
much more severe than the College Park storm, Hoyer remained confident that
federal assistance would come, Farnen said.

St. Mary's College of Maryland signed an agreement this week with Prince
George's Community College, allowing students there to switch to four-year
programs in which they can receive bachelor's degrees.

The arrangement with St. Mary's College, where the average SAT score of last
fall's entering class was 1230, includes full scholarships for students in the
Prince George's Honors Academy program. They will be able to attend St. Mary's
after two years at PGCC.

The two schools signed the agreement Tuesday.

"This is a win-win for both colleges," Glendening said in a news release.
"Honors Academy students wanting to attend St. Mary's College of Maryland will
have the satisfaction of knowing they will be able to attend one of Maryland's
top colleges. In return, St. Mary's will have the benefit of having PGCC's best
and brightest students in attendance."

"Students from their honors program will be natural matches for our honors
college," in which every student must take rigorous courses and complete a
thesis to graduate, St. Mary's College President Jane Margaret O'Brien said in
an interview.

Friends of the Port Tobacco River, a Charles County group that monitors water
quality in the river, is urging anyone who observes a fish kill in Port Tobacco
River to call a state Department of Natural Resources hot line.

The citizens group has been involved in discussions with La Plata town officials
over operation of the municipal sewage treatment plant and whether its
discharges have polluted the river.

Connie Dunbar, a group member, said last week that anyone observing such an
event on the river should call the DNR Police Marine Division hot line at
888-584-3110.

St. Mary's County residents who live within 10 miles of the Calvert Cliffs
Nuclear Power Plant will be able to pick up potassium iodide tablets at the
Hollywood Fire Department Hall from 3 to 7 p.m. Tuesday and Thursday.

The program to distribute the medication was set up in the aftermath of the
Sept. 11 terrorist attacks. Potassium iodide helps counteract the effects of
radiation exposure.

One adult member of the household needs to be present to sign for the tablets,
and proof of residency is required.

For more information, call the St. Mary's Health Department at 301-475-4330.

North Beach received a check for $ 100,000 last week, a grant from the state
Department of Housing and Community Development that will pay for street and
sidewalk improvements in the Calvert County town.

The grant was one of 18, totaling $ 3.2 million, awarded to small Maryland
communities. The federal Community Development Block Grant program funded the
awards.

The Calvert Marine Museum has launched an effort to support preservation of the
Cove Point Lighthouse.

Personalized bricks that will be permanently installed at the lighthouse site
are being sold for $ 75 each. Purchasers can have three lines engraved on the
bricks to include their names, remember loved ones or commemorate a special
date.

Cove Point Lighthouse, built in 1828, is the oldest continuously working
lighthouse in Maryland. The 45-foot tower and keeper's dwelling were built of
locally manufactured brick by John Donahoo, who the museum said is known for his
other Chesapeake Bay lighthouse designs at Concord Point, Pooles Island and
Piney Point.

The Cove Point Lighthouse was placed on the National Register of Historic Places
in 1973.

Calvert Marine Museum maintains the lighthouse as a historic attraction. The
U.S. Coast Guard operates the fog horn and light, which is visible for 12
nautical miles.

Gary V. Hodge, a candidate for the House of Delegates from Charles County's
District 28, will host a fundraiser from 3 to 6 p.m. May 19 at Middleton Hall in
Waldorf.

Fellow Democrats scheduled to participate include state Sen. Thomas McLain
Middleton (Charles) and former state senators John T. Parran, James C. Simpson,
J. Frank Raley Jr. and Bernie Fowler.

The public is invited. Southern Maryland musician Joseph Norris will provide
entertainment.

Tickets are $ 25 per person; $ 40 per couple; $ 15 for senior citizens and
students younger than 18. For tickets call, 301-638-7500.

David D. Zylak, a Democratic candidate for sheriff in St. Mary's County, has
organized a Zylak for Sheriff Golf Tournament fundraiser May 13 at Wicomico
Shores Golf Course.

Participants will play a captain's choice format, with a 9 a.m. shotgun start.
The tourney is $ 60 a person. Food and beverages will be available on the
course, with lunch and door prizes in the clubhouse.

To register, call 301-475-2729.

Federally guaranteed loans to small businesses in Maryland were more likely to
be partially written off than those in the rest of the nation, according to an
analysis of five decades of Small Business Administration records.

The analysis of the SBA's 7(a) loans from 1953 through April 28, 2000, showed
that 17.1 percent of Maryland's 8,298 loans were charged off -- or partially
paid off by the government, which then pursued the debt instead of the banks
that made the loans.

The national charge-off rate during the same period was 13 percent on 782,892
loans that could be accounted for.

Officials could not say why the charge-off rates are so high. Although
worrisome, they also noted that it is not surprising given the SBA mandate of
encouraging banks to make otherwise risky loans.

"If SBA's losses were the same as the banks', SBA would be criticized," said a
former senior official of the SBA, who asked not to be identified.

If it's too low, he said, critics say the agency is not doing its job of
reaching small businesses. But if the rate is too high, the SBA would be accused
of "going too deep into marginal businesses."

"So you try to reach a happy medium but knowing that you are not able to please
everyone," the official said.

The SBA's 7(a) General Business Loan Guaranty Program is the agency's largest
lending program. It makes private loans available to small-business borrowers
who might not otherwise be able to obtain financing, by guaranteeing the bank
that the government will pay off at least part of the loan.

If a bank loaned someone money to start a business, for example, it could demand
that the SBA pay the guaranteed share of the loan -- up to 85 percent -- if the
borrower falls behind in payments.

Capital News Service contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2002 The Washington Post


                              490 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           The Taos News (New Mexico)

                            March 17, 2011 Thursday

DONATIONS FOR JAPAN RELIEF ACCEPTED LOCALLY

BYLINE: STAFF REPORT

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A-2

LENGTH: 301 words


The Taos Community Foundation and Smith's Food & Drug Stores are offering ways
for people to donate to the ongoing relief efforts in Japan following the
devastating earthquake and tsunami.

As it has in past, Taos Community Foundation, a community-based grant-making
organization, will keep in close contact with its network of international
community foundations following the guidance of the Council of Foundations in
selecting the organizations best suited to receive the funds raised in Taos.

Individuals interested in making a tax-deductible contribution can visit
www.taoscf.org or make a donation to the foundation's emergency accounts at any
of the local banks.

Make checks payable to: TCF Japan earthquake and tsunami relief Fund. No fees
will be taken.

"TCF sends our deepest sympathy to people affected by this terrible event," said
Elizabeth Crittenden Palacios, director of Taos Community Foundation, in a
prepared statement. "We will award the funds raised to our community foundation
partners to provide emergency relief as quickly as possible and provide support
over the longer term as well."

Customers of Smith's may make a donation of any amount until Saturday, March 26
to the American Red Cross by simply adding that amount to their checkout
purchase.

All funds collected will directly benefit American Red Cross international
relief efforts in partnership with the Japanese Red Cross, the agency responding
with help of food, water, shelter, medical supplies and other assistance.

"Smith's feels a great commitment to the American Red Cross, a trusted
organization made up of thousands of dedicated volunteers, who respond
immediately to emergency needs whether in our own backyard or abroad," said
Marsha Gilford, Smith's vice president public affairs, in a prepared statement.

--Staff Report

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: See pdf's for exact rendition, caption, graphics and photographer info.


PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2011 The Taos News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              491 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                          September 20, 2008 Saturday
                                  City Edition

Henry requests federal flood aid;
Two tropical storms left swath of damage in northern Oklahoma.

BYLINE: Ron Jackson, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 11A

LENGTH: 474 words


Gov. Brad Henry requested a major disaster declaration from the federal
government Friday for five northern Oklahoma counties deluged by floods last
week.

Residents and business owners in Alfalfa, Grant, Kay, Major and Woods counties
must now wait to see if President Bush approves the aid. Nearly 200 homes and
businesses were damaged in and around Blackwell, Burlington, Capron, Dacoma,
Fairview, Jefferson, Nash, Pond Creek and Tonkawa.

Two tropical storm systems accounted for the damage. Heavy rains began to pelt
the northern region on the evening of Sept. 11, leaving several communities
flooded within hours.

"We're reminding people to take pictures of the damage in their homes, and as
they make repairs, to keep all their receipts," said Michelann Ooten, state
Emergency Management Department spokeswoman. "That will be extremely important
should we receive federal assistance."

Henry wanted to ensure Oklahomans he is doing everything possible to get
assistance.

"Challenges and difficulties bring out the best of Oklahoma, and the recent
storms and flooding were no different," Henry said in a statement. "The American
Red Cross, Salvation Army, local churches, first responders, flood plain
managers, emergency managers and other local officials came through once again
to help hard-hit communities. Nevertheless, more remains to be done, and I am
hopeful President Bush will give serious consideration to the merits of our
request."

Blackwell, located along the Chikaskia River, received the greatest damage when
floodwater crested the river at a record 35.2 feet. The rushing water poured
into homes to the shock of many residents.

"We've seen the river come up before," said Jim Inmon, Blackwell's emergency
management director. "But never like this."

Fairview residents watched in dismay as nine inches of rain pelted their streets
in two hours.

HOW TO GET HELP

Emergency kits  This weekend Walmart stores are selling emergency preparedness
kits at locations across the state.

Kits include drinking water, non-perishable food, batteries, filter masks,
whistles, first-aid kits and other items.

For more information, go to  www.ready.gov.

Most aren't insured for flood   Only about 11 percent of people who live in a
flood plain in the U.S. actually have flood insurance, said Gavin Brady,
National Flood Insurance Program coordinator in Oklahoma. Flood insurance is
voluntary. For information on flood insurance or to find out if your home is in
a flood plain, go to  www.floodsmart.gov/floodsmart.

Water well safety in jeopardy  The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency says
swift floodwaters can jeopardize the safety of groundwater wells. The agency
recommends concerned well owners test their wells to make sure they are safe. To
find out how to get a test, call the Oklahoma Department of Environmental
Quality at (800) 869-1400.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2008 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              492 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                    Wilkes Barre Times Leader (Pennsylvania)

                             July 20, 2006 Thursday

Dallas Twp. housing site blamed for runoff;
Officials: Planning commission will be contacted about storm water requirements.

BYLINE: By Camille Fioti Times Leader Correspondent

SECTION: A; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 512 words


DALLAS   A Hickory Road resident who asked not to be identified told council at
Wednesday's meeting that he had to pump thigh-high water from his back yard for
37 hours during the recent flooding. He asked council if the storm drains could
be widened to accommodate more water.

Borough Manager Joe Moskowitz said the borough's engineer, Ben Swinski of
Pasonick Engineering, told him at Monday's work session that widening the
drainpipes wouldn't help the situation. The runoff, Moskowitz said, is likely
coming from a new housing development off Center Hill Road in Dallas Township.
It also has flooded parts of Sterling Avenue and Powderhorn Drive.

"There's been an incredible amount of development, most of it in the township,
that we have no control over," he said, adding that inordinate amounts of rain
in the past three years didn't help either. A better solution, he said, would be
to enlarge the infrastructure on Hickory and Powderhorn to accept a higher
volume of water and that would channel the water more efficiently into the storm
drains.

Moskowitz said he would contact the county planning commission to find out the
status of the development, and what its storm-water requirements are. "The
borough has no money to do major storm water infrastructure that would be
questionable as to whether it would be effective or not. It would have to be
tied into other improvements."

He said the borough would explore grant opportunities, but added that grants are
not always available when a municipality needs them.

In other business:

Council voted to advertise for bids for paving. Moskowitz said the borough has
$125,000 in its budget earmarked for the project. The borough was approved for
an $18,000 grant from The Department of Conservation and Natural Resources. The
grant will be used to hire a consultant to develop a master site development
plan for the Kenneth A. Young Memorial Park.

The borough was notified the Luzerne County Emergency Management Agency will
have a mandatory briefing for any municipality, emergency response organization,
government entity or other private nonprofit organization that had damage as a
result of flooding, or were directly involved in the emergency responses and
incurred related expenses. The memo from the EMA states that the briefing "is
the start of the process for federal funds coming into the area to assist
municipalities whom are on the road to recovery." It will be held  at 7 p.m.
Friday on the campus of Luzerne County Community College, at the Educational
Conference Center.

The borough also was notified by the Kingston Township Board of Supervisors that
an informational session providing information on relief resources will be
available to businesses affected by the recent flooding. The session is being
held with representatives from the U.S. Small Business Administration, FEMA,
Pennsylvania Department of Community and Economic Development, Small Business
Development Centers, and the Certified Development Company. The session will be
held at the Kingston Township Municipal Building on Friday at 3:30 p.m.

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Wilkes Barre Times Leader
                              All Rights Reserved


                              493 of 998 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright (c) 1997 Great Plains Natural Resources Journal
                     Great Plains Natural Resources Journal

                                   Fall, 1997

                      2 Great Plains Nat. Resources J. 193

LENGTH: 22203 words

LEAD ARTICLE: North Dakota After Action Report: A Historical Perspective

NAME: Douglas C. Friez * and KathleenDonahue **

BIO:



   * Douglas C. Friez has been the director of Emergency Management for the
State of North Dakota since 1993. He joined the division in 1974. A native of
Mott, N.D., and long-time N.D. National Guard member, Friez spent four months in
Bosnia, participating in Operation Joint Guard. He returned from active duty to
help direct the response to the disastrous floods of 1997.


   ** Kathleen Donahue is the Operations Planner of the North Dakota Emergency
Management Agency.

 LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ...  The following is an account of the blizzard and flooding disasters which
struck North Dakota in 1996-97. ... North Dakota Emergency Management issued its
first snow disaster Situation Report on January 10 describing the severe
conditions. ...  Governor Schafer expanded activities from the State Emergency
Operations Center (EOC) to respond to local government requests for assistance
with snow removal efforts and fuel emergencies. ...  The next day, a swelling
Red River reached its 10-foot flood stage at Wahpeton and barely exceeded its
17-foot flood stage in Fargo. ... This blizzard, the ninth and final of the
winter season, created such rapid and widespread damage that Governor Schafer's
request for a Presidential Major Disaster Declaration was granted within one
day. ...  As the Richland County emergency manager reported in an April 6
Situation Report to the State EOC, "Snow removal activities will begin in the
morning as we have gone from a devastating flood to a downright obnoxious
blizzard, and the ark is stuck in a flow bank. ...  One resident reported up to
eight inches of water on the main floor. ...  The next day, a sandbag levee in
northeast Fargo failed, flooding 23 homes and the Oak Grove School. ... Devils
Lake flood water problems mounted as runoff began to cause lake rises. ...

TEXT:
 [*193]



    The following is an account of the blizzard and flooding disasters which
struck North Dakota in 1996-97. This article is a study of the state and federal
governments' response to the needs of people of North Dakota.




   I. Introduction

 First came winter, the most brutal in recent memory. Then came spring, and with
it, the worst flooding in North Dakota's 108-year history. From one disaster to
the next, North Dakota emergency workers faced their greatest challenge to date
during the winter and spring of 1997. A series of paralyzing blizzards impacted
every North Dakotan, testing even the most stalwart of citizens. Blizzards,
earning such nicknames as "Hard- Hearted Hannah," isolated rural families for
weeks and snapped telephone  [*194]  poles like toothpicks, leaving thousands
without power. Wind chills periodically dropped to 50 below and 80 below. Heavy,
wet snow neared or exceeded 100 inches in Bismarck, Fargo, Grand Forks and
Jamestown.

   Then, in spring, winter's record-level snow melted on lands already too
saturated from the flooding of previous years. Water flowed out of river banks
and rushed overland, forcing more than 50,000 North Dakotans from their homes
and causing more than $ 2 billion in damages. The Red River of the North became
the state's most notorious river, flooding 2,200 square miles in North Dakota
and Minnesota, an area twice the size of Rhode Island. In its pathway were
cities like Grand Forks, where residents fought hard for months to keep flood
waters out of their communities and homes. And yet, despite the best of efforts,
dikes collapsed as flood waters exceeded forecasted levels. In the end, water
swamped 75 percent of Grand Forks, forever altering the community's way of life.

   The flood left images that will remain part of our collective consciousness
in years to come: rescue workers airlifting stranded North Dakotans from swift
flood waters; rows of cots at shelters for thousands of evacuees; firefighters
lugging heavy equipment through waist-high, ice-cold water to fight flames that
destroyed 11 historic buildings in downtown Grand Forks. As Major General Keith
Bjerke, the state disaster coordinating officer, would later say, "This is
clearly the worst disaster in our state's history in terms of anxiety, pain and
dollar loss."

   Both disasters claimed 17 lives. Snow-clogged roads delayed rescue of
stranded motorists and prevented ambulances from responding to those in need.
Carbon monoxide poisoning became a leading cause of death as people operated
generators and water pumps that were not properly ventilated. Road washouts also
took their toll as accident victims drowned. The fact that no life was lost
during evacuations of neighborhoods and cities attests to the level of
preparedness by local responders.

   At a time when so many lost so much, the state's 640,000 residents
demonstrated why North Dakota is just one big community spread across 70,665
square miles. People who lost everything helped their neighbors downstream fight
the flood waters that had destroyed their homes. North Dakota communities opened
their hearts and their homes to flood evacuees, hosting dinners, talent shows
and fund drives. The nation also came to the aid of North Dakota, providing more
than 2 million meals and warehouses full of donated food, clothing and supplies.

   Both disasters required a comprehensive, cohesive response that tested the
state and local Emergency Operations Plans, as well as the flexibility and
durability of local, state, federal, private and volunteer partners. These
partners' successes and suggestions for improvement will enhance North Dakota's
response to future disasters and offer emergency management workers in other
states valuable insight into lessons learned. This is  [*195]  the story of how
the two disasters - blizzards and the ensuing flooding - unfolded.

   II. Winter of 1996-1997

 North Dakota earns its reputation for hardy winters and hardy people. As Harold
Narum, deputy director of North Dakota Emergency Management, said, "Our
residents are accustomed to winter. They prepare for it, cope with it, and some
even look forward to the season." The winter of 1996-97, however, tested the
resilience of every North Dakotan. A series of winter storms resulted in record
cold, record snowfall and record hardship. Nine people would lose their lives.

   Winter came early to North Dakota, starting innocuously enough. Early
snowfall in late October 1996 blanketed grazing fields, forcing farmers and
ranchers to begin feeding livestock six weeks earlier than normal. Snow also
prevented farmers from harvesting late-season crops. In November and December,
three blizzards blasted through the state causing limited damages, but
temporarily disrupting lives. The North Dakota State Emergency Operations Plan
(SEOP) was implemented to support response activities to winter emergencies.

   A. January

 The National Weather Service (NWS) recorded a fourth blizzard on January 4-5,
1997, in southeastern North Dakota. Again, life was temporarily disrupted.
However, it was not until January 9 that the entire state felt the full fury of
winter. A fifth blizzard roared into the state with heavy snowfall, high winds
and dangerously cold temperatures that paralyzed the state for four days.
Cumulative snowfall amounts across the state ranged from 13 to 65 inches.

   North Dakota Emergency Management issued its first snow disaster Situation
Report on January 10 describing the severe conditions. Excessive snow isolated
many rural families, some for what would be as long as three weeks. The snowfall
had blocked state, county, city and township roads, restricting access to
emergency services and delivery of heating fuels. Even if they could receive the
propane, the cost had doubled, posing another hardship for low-income users.
North Dakota's two interstates closed for four days, leaving truckers and
motorists stranded at truck stops and struggling to find available hotel space.
Railway service was also disrupted because of snowdrifts that blocked tracks.
Grocery stores ran low on supplies, while farmers dumped in excess of $ 9,000
worth of milk each day because of blocked roads. Farmers and ranchers, unable to
supply feed and water to their livestock, began to experience livestock losses.
Public officials and private citizens coped with problems created by broken
water lines and structural damage to private and public buildings.

   Throughout the four days and during subsequent blizzards, rescuers  [*196]
placed their own lives on the line to help stranded motorists caught in
snowdrifts and in life-threatening cold. Snowmobile club members and private
citizens joined law enforcement in these rescues.

   For five North Dakotans, rescue came too late. The first of five deaths was
reported on January 11 as wind chills dropped to 60 to 80 below. A second death
occurred on January 12 after a stranded motorist died from exposure. On January
14, North Dakota Emergency Management received three more death reports. A
Foster County motorist had died from exposure, and two deaths occurred in Logan
County when snowdrifts hampered ambulances in reaching farm homes near Streeter
and Fredonia.

   Those stranded individuals who were fortunate to find shelter suffered from
exposure and hypothermia. Even those who appeared to be safe and secure in their
homes sustained injury. Approximately 25 Mandan area residents were treated for
carbon monoxide poisoning because snow- and ice- blocked vents prevented
adequate air circulation.

   The magnitude of the disaster was such that Gov. Ed Schafer declared a snow
disaster on January 11 and requested that President Clinton issue a disaster
declaration for the state. The next day, President Clinton responded with
Presidential Major Disaster Declaration, FEMA-1157-DR- ND.

   At the first report of problems, local, state and federal emergency workers
stepped into action immediately. Governor Schafer expanded activities from the
State Emergency Operations Center (EOC) to respond to local government requests
for assistance with snow removal efforts and fuel emergencies. The Governor also
ordered the N.D. National Guard to help local governments and the N.D.
Department of Transportation (State DOT) with snow removal efforts. In addition,
he asked Dan Glickman, the Secretary of the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA), to approve appropriate agri-industry assistance programs. Within a few
days of receiving the request, the USDA approved the Emergency Feed Grain
Donation Program. The N.D. Department of Agriculture conducted the first
Agriculture Snow Emergency Task Force on January 14 to address farmers' and
ranchers' needs.

   The State EOC was staffed around the clock by state and National Guard
employees as they addressed the logistics of transporting snow-removal equipment
from larger cities to rural areas. Emergency Preparedness Liaison Officers
(EPLOs) representing the U.S. Navy, U.S. Army and U.S. Air Force reported to the
State EOC to support these disaster operations. As National Guard Brigadier
General Harvey Haakenson told an EOC staff coping with numerous concerns, "We've
got to win all these little battles to win the war."

   The Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) also responded by dispatching
its first team of disaster workers from the Region VIII office in Denver to
temporary quarters at Fraine Barracks in Bis [*197]  marck. Staff from FEMA and
the Bureau of Indian Affairs (BIA) began making arrangements to visit North
Dakota's four Indian reservations.

   FEMA's snow removal policy came under review for its applicability to the
blizzards that not only impacted North Dakota, but South Dakota as well.
Representatives of North Dakota Emergency Management and the State DOT met in
Pierre, S.D., with officials from South Dakota and FEMA to review that policy.
The original policy allowed reimbursement for work to clear roads the width of
their roadbeds. That policy met the needs of southern and eastern states where
storm conditions quickly subsided, but not for the northern upper plains states
where winter conditions are prolonged and wind gusts would easily blow snow onto
snow cuts on the roadway, again blocking the road. In order to prevent such road
closures, snow removal crews in North Dakota and South Dakota had to push back
the snow from the sides of the roadway. The policy was revised to allow
reimbursement for the push back of snow.

   Snow removal and recovery efforts received a setback on January 15 when
drifting snow from a sixth blizzard forced a second closure of the interstate,
state, county, township, and city road systems. This blizzard also claimed the
life of a sixth person, a Rolette County man who suffered from hypothermia. Icy
conditions caused a series of traffic accidents and vehicle rollovers in Morton
County. Approximately 20 people were injured.

   While most activities came to a halt, some events simply could not be
postponed. A snow plow operator cleared the path for an ambulance transporting a
pregnant LaMoure County woman. Her child was born 20 minutes after her arrival
at a Jamestown hospital.

   The day after the blizzard, crews from the Grand Forks and Minot Air Force
Bases and private contractors joined the National Guard, the State DOT and local
workers in around-the-clock snow removal efforts. Some crews worked in open
cabs, their faces wrapped like mummies and barely visible. An average of 210 Air
and Army Guard personnel were on duty each day during the height of "Operation
Snowball," the name given by the National Guard to its snow removal support
efforts.

   Concerns continued to mount for livestock and dairy producers. A State
Department of Agriculture survey indicated up to 500,000 pounds of milk had been
dumped between January 10 and January 19. The North Dakota Stockmen's
Association issued a report that hard winter conditions placed 100,000 cattle at
risk of dying.

   On January 20, the State EOC received a report that the winter storms claimed
their seventh victim, a Barnes County man who suffered a heart attack while
shovelling snow. That same day, the south side of the North Dakota Winter Show
building in Valley City collapsed under the weight of snow, causing an estimated
$ 1 million-plus in damages.

   Just as North Dakotans were digging out from the latest storm, a seventh
blizzard entered the state on January 22, bringing wind chills of 40 to  [*198]
60 below. The Highway Patrol closed I-94 and I-29 for approximately 24 hours.
Two Pembina County workers became stranded on their way home from work. One
spent the night in her car until she was located by a Walsh County snow plow
operator. The other found shelter with friends in Hamilton. A school bus with 10
children was also caught in the storm. A Sheridan County farmer used a tractor
to dislodge the bus from a snowdrift.

   North Dakota remained in the grips of an Arctic front for the next several
days. Severe temperatures caused the city of Elgin's water tank to fail and
required many schools to cancel classes for the ninth time. These repeated
cancellations concerned educators and others since schools typically allow two
or three storm days in their schedules. Governor Schafer notified
superintendents and other school officials that the school closing policy would
remain in effect. That policy established such parameters as two make-up days
and one forgiven day for three days missed, and five make-up days and five
forgiven days for 10 days missed. "My top priority is the safety of our
children, but we cannot lose sight of the fact that children go to school to
learn," the Governor wrote to school superintendents.

   While state disaster response work continued at the State EOC, a joint
State/Federal Disaster Field Office (DFO) opened in Bismarck on January 24,
staffed by more than 30 state and federal disaster recovery workers. Governor
Schafer and the Federal Coordinating Officer (FCO) signed the FEMA-State
Agreement, outlining how the recovery would be managed. North Dakota Emergency
Management staff members worked with their county counterparts and fellow state
responders to provide resources that best met the needs of local governments.
Representatives of North Dakota Emergency Management, State DOT and FEMA
conducted applicant briefings for local agencies throughout the state. They
explained the snow removal policy and eligibility for reimbursement.

   By January 27, DOT road crews had cleared all state highways of snow and had
begun widening cuts and pushing back snow. National Guard and Air Force crews
had completed 22 missions and had another 29 underway. Workers at the State
Emergency Operations Center (EOC) estimated that 1,685 pieces of snow removal
equipment were in use throughout North Dakota.

   Despite the progress, the winter continued to take its toll on human life. On
January 29, the State EOC received reports that two Cass County residents had
died after suffering heart attacks while shovelling snow. Storm-related deaths
now totalled nine. Injuries also increased as a Sioux County motorist became
stranded. He was wearing a light jacket and did not have gloves. He walked more
than a mile and suffered severe frostbite before finding help. Another man in
McHenry County also suffered severe frostbite after his vehicle slid into a
snowdrift. Suffering by disaster victims was not always physical. Calls to the
hotline operated by the Mental Health Association in North Dakota began to
escalate. Volunteers and staff mem [*199]  bers counseled rural residents whose
personal and mental health problems intensified by the adverse weather
conditions and prolonged confinement.

   For isolated North Dakotans, rescue and relief efforts continued to take
place weeks after the early January blizzard had blocked access to their homes.
In one instance, a snow blower crew from Minot Air Force Base was diverted from
work in Dickey County to help with a rescue mission nearly 90 miles away in
Richland County. The crew cleared the way for a fuel delivery truck to reach a
stranded family running dangerously low on fuel supplies. Volunteer agencies
continued their relief efforts. The American Red Cross delivered a truckload of
blankets and cold weather gear to the Standing Rock Indian Reservation, and the
Salvation Army delivered 87 cases of donated meat to the reservation's food
pantry.

   Deep snow cover and harsh winter conditions also created problems for North
Dakota's wildlife. In search of food sources, deer began to feed on livestock
supplies, which already were in high demand. Deer depredation cost the N.D. Game
and Fish Department $ 600,000 for replacement of livestock supplies.
Agriculture, state and federal officials discussed the full extent of livestock
losses when the USDA Deputy Secretary visited North Dakota on January 31.
Agriculture statistics showed up to 9,000 livestock deaths had occurred, and
losses were estimated at $ 32.7 million. The Deputy Secretary announced the
development of the Foundation Livestock Relief Program to provide assistance for
producers affected by the storms.

   That same day, Governor Schafer announced that the incident period for
FEMA-1157-DR-ND began on January 3 and ended January 31. Such designation meant
snow removal work that occurred during that time frame would be eligible for
federal and state reimbursement. The NWS also shared its findings on winter
conditions. The agency reported that the past three-month period was the third
coldest three-month period on record for North Dakota. The average temperature
was +8.5 F.

   B. February

 Storm-related problems continued throughout late January and early February.
The State EOC also continued to receive reports of buildings collapsing under
the weight of snow, including a quonset building housing Ramsey County Highway
Department equipment. That cave-in caused an estimated $ 80,000 in damages to
the building and its contents.

   Clearing roadways so all North Dakotans had emergency access remained a
priority for snow removal crews. A February 1 Situation Report issued by North
Dakota Emergency Management indicated that homes still without access included:
one in Sioux County; four in Grant County; 20 in Stutsman County; three in
Dickey County; four in LaMoure County; and 10 percent of rural residents in
Barnes County.

   Ice storms and slippery conditions compounded snow removal work. Freezing
rain added a layer of ice over hardened snow cuts, causing vehi [*200]  cles to
slide off roadways. A late January storm caused one bus filled with children to
slide off a Nelson County road. The passengers, who had been enroute to a sports
event, were taken to a nearby shelter for the night. On February 2, two people
received minor injuries when a DC-9 aircraft spun around and skidded off a
slippery runway during landing at Grand Forks International Airport.

   Military, state and local snow removal crews continued to make progress. By
February 4, snow removal work had been completed at Fort Berthold and Turtle
Mountain Indian Reservations and 13 northwest and western counties. U.S. Air
Force snow blower crews and their equipment had returned to Minot and Grand
Forks Air Force Bases. The National Guard and Air Force crews had completed 52
snow removal missions and 21 were underway. State DOT and contractor crews
worked to clear snow from medians on four-lane highways and to push back drifts
on two-lane highways. National Guard crews had logged 3,272 personnel days
between January 13 and February 4.

   Meanwhile, 20 teams of state and federal Public Assistance inspectors
participated in training on developing Damage Survey Reports (DSRs). These DSRs
detailed costs and scope of work for eligible snow removal projects. By February
6, the inspectors were in the field, working from the Bismarck Disaster Field
Office or satellite offices in Minot, Devils Lake and Valley City.

   As snow removal efforts continued to progress, the National Guard ended its
24-hour staffing of the State EOC on February 10. The State DOT extended its use
of contractors in the Valley City District through February 15 as contractor
crews also worked for the Grand Forks and Fargo Districts to assist State DOT
crews in pushing back snow.

   Efforts to secure federal assistance also continued. Governor Schafer
requested and received a Governor's Certification from the Small Business
Administration (SBA) for low-interest loans for businesses that suffered
economic losses because of the disaster. The SBA designated 49 counties as
disaster loan areas. Four southwest counties, Billings, Bowman, Golden Valley
and Slope, were not included in the declaration. The Governor also asked the
USDA Secretary for a Secretarial Disaster Declaration for structural and
production losses. Secretary Glickman designated 26 North Dakota counties as
primary disaster areas and 18 counties as contiguous disaster counties.

   Local and state agencies kept close track of mounting expenses. For example,
by February 13, the National Guard had recorded nearly $ 1 million in snow
removal costs that included equipment and personnel expenses. Five of the 11
North Dakota University System schools anticipated exceeding their utility
budgets by a total of more than $ 500,000. Nine of the universities had either
exceeded snow removal budgets or recorded unexpected expenses, such as overtime,
vehicle and snow-hauling costs.

    [*201]  While snow removal took place throughout the state, the State Hazard
Mitigation Team identified ways to prevent or minimize damages from future
winter storms. Their ideas included living and artificial snow fences. The team,
comprised of seven state agencies, submitted a Notice of Intent to participate
in the Hazard Mitigation Grant Program (HMGP). This program, authorized by the
Robert T. Stafford Act for implementation during a presidentially-declared
disaster, provides matching grants to local and state governments for hazard
mitigation measures. However, on February 15, North Dakota Emergency Management
was notified that its Notice of Interest was denied by FEMA.

   The National Guard concluded its extensive snow removal efforts on February
20 after dozer crews completed work in four counties, Barnes, Griggs, LaMoure
and Stutsman. Reports later indicated that a total of 510 soldiers and airmen
were placed on State Active Duty to support Operation Snowball. Cumulative
personnel days reached 5,520 days, making Operation Snowball the largest state
activation of National Guard members in the history of the state. Crews provided
assistance in 21 counties: Adams, Barnes, Cass, Dickey, Eddy, Emmons, Foster,
Grant, Griggs, Kidder, LaMoure, Logan, McIntosh, Nelson, Pembina, Ransom,
Richland, Sargent, Sioux, Stutsman and Walsh counties.

   As equipment was transported to the National Guard's organizational
maintenance shops, the focus of soldiers' efforts shifted toward maintenance and
repair of equipment. The National Guard used full-tracked dozers, snow blowers,
graders, front-end loaders, dump trucks and support vehicles. With maintenance,
personnel and fuel expenses, snow removal efforts cost the North Dakota National
Guard nearly $ 1.3 million.

   Response to the disaster cost the State DOT approximately $ 3.7 million for
snow removal work. Of that amount, approximately $ 2 million was spent to hire
contractors to assist with operations. The remaining $ 1.7 million covered State
DOT personnel and equipment costs. These cost projections, released on February
21, did not include anticipated maintenance repair expenses.

   Also on February 21, FEMA estimated that federal assistance was expected to
exceed $ 5 million for snow removal costs. As inspectors worked with local
officials to compile and review DSRs, the DFO received 292 Notice of Interests
to participate for the Public Assistance program in order to recoup snow removal
expenses. They were submitted by: one rural water district; four public school
districts; two power cooperatives; three Indian Reservations; five state
agencies; 51 counties; and 226 cities.

   A few days later, on February 25, the State Department of Agriculture
released a report indicating that the state livestock industry had sustained
approximately $ 32.8 million in direct losses, including: $ 6 million for
buildings and machinery; $ 4.7 million in livestock deaths; $ 21.7 million in
extra feed consumption; and $ 50,000 for milk dumped because of blocked access
[*202]  roads. The Agriculture Snow Emergency Task Force placed animal carcass
removal costs at $ 150,000.

   C. March

 As North Dakota business owners reviewed their disaster-related costs, SBA
representatives in late February and early March conducted public informational
meetings to explain the requirements of the Disaster Relief Program and the loan
application process. They held meetings in Bismarck, Jamestown, Fargo, Wahpeton
and Grand Forks.

   Work on the snow disaster was beginning to wind down for all levels of
government when an eighth blizzard struck the state on March 3-4. Snowfall
ranged from one to two inches in the Devils Lake Basin to 15.1 inches in Fargo.
The storm isolated approximately 18 families in McIntosh County. Area farmers
began dumping milk because snow-clogged roads prevented access for delivery
trucks. Local and State DOT crews cleared highways of snow.

   In early March, Public Assistance inspectors assigned to Devils Lake and
Minot satellite offices had completed their work. The Valley City satellite
office closed on March 8 and inspectors moved to the Bismarck office to complete
the final details of their work. DFO staff members had submitted 439 DSRs to the
Bismarck processing center.

   The State/Federal DFO closed on March 15. All but three DSRs had been
received by North Dakota Emergency Management for delivery to applicants.
Documentation was still being compiled on the final three. Efforts by FEMA and
North Dakota Emergency Management to expedite DSRs resulted in a rapid
turnaround.

   Only two weeks later, state, local and disaster workers would initiate a
full-scale response effort to record flooding and an ice storm and blizzard -
the ninth to strike North Dakota--one that paralyzed the entire state.

   III. A Spring of Record Flooding

 Long before flood waters made North Dakota a focal point of national media
attention, emergency management officials had developed and put into action
extensive preparation plans. They based their efforts on analyses of a flooding
threat by staffs from the NWS, U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (USACE), State Water
Commission and other water management groups.

   In The Floods of 1997, the State Water Commission reported that geographic
conditions exist throughout North Dakota that act as constant precursors to
flooding. Rivers have little gradient as evidenced by the Red River Basin, where
gradients are as little as one-half foot per mile. The northerly flow of the Red
River can also cause potential problems since runoff can encounter frozen
portions of the river, creating, as the report states, "an enormous potential
for flooding." In western North Dakota,  [*203]  where rivers follow a
southeasterly course, ice jams also pose a threat. Another precursor evolved in
1996 when above average precipitation that occurred during the previous four
years left the land with a higher-than- normal water content. Then, during
winter, heavy, wet snowfall broke record levels. "A lack of mid-winter thaws
likely influenced the large amount of snow retained on the ground until the
spring thaw," the report noted.

   Local, state and federal partners participated in flood preparedness
activities and meetings throughout the fall and winter. Measures taken by these
partners included identifying and prioritizing key facilities and structures in
harm's way; relocation and/or elevation of structures; site specific planning;
abandonment and/or elevation of transportation routes and facilities; temporary
diking measures; and water storage measures.

   Throughout winter, North Dakota Emergency Management conducted its State
Flood Coordination Center (SFCC) meetings in Devils Lake. For the past five
years, this closed-basin lake has flooded, gradually encroaching on the city of
Devils Lake and its 8,000 residents. Impacts and damages to infrastructure,
homes and businesses have been the recipient of over $ 200 million in state and
federal assistance since the flooding began in 1993. However, loss of land for
agriculture production has been among the damage items most difficult to
address. In preparation for a sixth year of flooding, SFCC meeting participants
outlined their preparation plans and listed damages likely to occur at 1,438,
1,439 and 1,440 feet of elevation.

   A. February

 In early February, Governor Schafer requested technical assistance for flood
preparedness measures from the Omaha District of the USACE. This assistance
included help clearing the James River channel and installing channel blocks
downstream of Jamestown, and on both ends of the Oxbow area located in the
southeastern part of the city.

   Staffs for the Governor's Office and North Dakota Emergency Management also
prepared and distributed articles on flood preparedness to such publications as
the North Dakota League of Cities' "CityScan," the North Dakota REC Magazine,
North Dakota Water Magazine, North Dakota Peace Officers Association monthly
newsletter, North Dakota Fire Chiefs Association and the Agriculture Network
Service.

   On February 18, members of the State Hazard Mitigation Team met to discuss
measures to mitigate damages from the winter storms and those likely to occur if
predictions for flooding held true. Participants included North Dakota Emergency
Management, USACE, N.D. Aeronautics Commission, N.D. Forest Service, National
Guard, State Parks and Recreation, State DOT, State Radio Communications, State
Department of Health, State Game and Fish Department and the Civil Air Patrol.
Afterward, North Dakota Emergency Management prepared an application to FEMA
Region VIII for HMGP funding for the state team's proposed ice dusting  [*204]
project, an effort to enhance snow melt, reduce the formation of ice jams and
improve flow of water during the spring melt. The application called for using
sand on rivers to accelerate the melting process.

   The first North Dakota river rose above flood stage on February 24 as
Montana's spring runoff forced the Missouri River at Williston to crest at 23.3
feet; flood stage is 20 feet. Four days later, on February 28, the NWS released
its "Spring Snowmelt Flood Outlook," which called for record flooding throughout
the state. The threat of flooding ranged from minor to moderate in western North
Dakota to severe in the east. The report noted that record flooding was expected
along the Red River at Wahpeton in the southeast and at Pembina in the
northeast. Meteorologists also expected record levels along the Park River at
Grafton; the Pembina River at Walhalla and Neche; the Maple River at Enderlin
and Mapleton; and the Sheyenne River at Kindred, Harwood and the Sheyenne
Diversion at West Fargo. In north central North Dakota, Devils Lake was
forecasted to reach 1,440.5 feet, one-half foot shy of its 1830 record level.

   That same day, Governor Schafer declared a statewide emergency to help
facilitate preparation for spring flooding. He based his proclamation on the NWS
report, information from local and state emergency management officials, thick
ice cover on rivers and tributaries, and excessive fall and early winter
precipitation on already saturated lands. An Executive Order activated the North
Dakota Emergency Operations Plan.

   B. March

 North Dakota Emergency Management issued its first spring flood Situation
Report on March 6, outlining efforts to stockpile supplies and prepare equipment
and manpower resources for potential flood-fight activities. The report noted
that the Salvation Army had initiated "Operation We Care" for volunteers and
fund raising.

   The State DOT and National Guard initiated a major flood preparedness effort
on March 19, the day after North Dakota Emergency Management received approval
from FEMA's regional office in Denver for the ice dusting project. Approval came
after health and environmental officials from North Dakota, Canada and Minnesota
evaluated the environmental impact of using sand for ice dusting. State DOT and
National Guard crews targeted sites along the Sheyenne and Red Rivers in the
hopes that the sand would accelerate melting and, in turn, prevent the formation
of ice jams.

   Also on March 19, Governor Schafer conducted a meeting to review the State
Emergency Operations Plan (SEOP) with cabinet-level staff in preparation for
potential spring flooding. The Governor issued an Executive Order allowing for a
waiver of dike permit requirements as long as North Dakotans abide by safety
standards.

   North Dakota encountered its first major bout with flooding during  [*205]
the March 20-21 weekend. Warm temperatures and a rapid snowmelt caused western
rivers to rapidly rise, forcing the evacuation of approximately 200 people in
Hettinger, Mercer, Morton and Sioux Counties. City of Beulah and Mercer County
officials used front-end loaders and boats to evacuate the few stranded
residents who did not leave their homes when warned. A driver sustained minor
injuries after he drove into a washout southeast of Hazen. In response to the
needs of local governments, North Dakota Emergency Management coordinated state
resources, including the delivery of pumps from the State Game and Fish
Department and the State Water Commission to the city of Beulah. The Salvation
Army and the Red Cross, as well as community volunteers, provided shelter and
meals to evacuees.

   Rivers creating havoc included the Knife, Cannonball and Heart Rivers and
their tributaries. The USGS reported that 25- to 50-year flood events occurred
at 10 gauging points along these rivers. The Cannonball River rose 12 feet in 24
hours at Regent and was expected to crest two feet over its 22-foot river stage.
The river destroyed an 80-foot steel truss bridge northeast of Hettinger. Flood
waters from the Heart River isolated nine Morton County farm families. One man
was rescued after walking through the river's 6-feet-high rushing waters. An
ice-covered Missouri River also caused concern for officials for Morton and
Burleigh Counties who watched to see if ice jams would cause flooding.

   Governor Schafer signed a Disaster Proclamation on March 24 declaring a flood
disaster existed in Dunn, Grant, Hettinger, Mercer, Morton, Sioux and Stark
Counties. He also issued an Executive Order utilizing the SEOP to respond and
recover from the disaster.

   Teams from the State Department of Human Services, North Dakota Emergency
Management and FEMA visited homes in western North Dakota as part of a
Preliminary Damage Assessment for Individual Assistance. Their report indicated
211 homes in seven western North Dakota counties were affected by flooding
during the March 21-23 weekend. Of those homes, 104 were affected but habitable,
89 experienced minor damage and were temporarily uninhabitable, and 18 received
major damage and were temporarily uninhabitable. No home was destroyed.

   Meanwhile, in eastern North Dakota, county emergency managers sent Situation
Reports to North Dakota Emergency Management detailing flood preparedness
efforts. Such efforts included around-the-clock work by the city of Grafton
Public Works Department to clear snow and ice from the city's emergency levees.
Walsh County Highway Department employees and private contractors delivered sand
to rural residents. The LaMoure County flood team met to discuss response to
potential flooding along the James River. National Guard members assisted with
sandbagging operations in the city of Harwood. City of Cavalier volunteers
filled nearly 20,000 sandbags.

    [*206]  State support also continued as National Guard and contractors hired
by the State DOT applied sand to rivers as part of "ice dusting" efforts. As
part of that effort, the National Guard tested the effectiveness of a mixture of
water and a dye, approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA), on a
three-mile stretch of Beaver Creek in Emmons County. Guard members also
completed construction of a sandbagging machine with four spouts capable of
filling 1,600 to 2,000 bags per hour. State Radio Communications provided a
radio frequency for dike walkers in Grand Forks County, and North Dakota
Emergency Management compiled a list of vendors and construction companies that
have dozers and sandbag machines available for use. That list was distributed to
the state's 53 counties. The State Department of Human Services prepared
disaster coordinators at regional offices for responding to the needs of flood
victims.

   On March 28, the NWS issued its final Spring Snowmelt Flood Outlook that
again underscored the threat for near record or above record flooding in eastern
North Dakota. The first two of eight flood-related deaths occurred on March 29
when a LaMoure County woman and her daughter drowned when their pickup and horse
trailer struck a washout on a county road near Bonehill Creek. Dive teams
located their bodies two days later after workers temporarily diverted the
creek's water flow to allow for the search.

   On March 31, overland flood waters flowed over a nine-mile stretch of the
eastbound and westbound lanes of I-94, between Oriska and Tower City. The State
Water Commission reported that the snow and ice had prevented the Spiritwood
Lake in Stutsman County from overflowing. But as a precautionary measure, the
State Game and Fish Department installed a screen to capture the lake's fish.

   C. April

 Flood waters continued to create havoc in early April with township, county,
state and federal highways in eastern North Dakota. Inundated sites included
I-29 near Drayton and I-94 at the Ayr interchange, between Casselton and Fargo.
Travel became increasingly difficult on water-logged roads, prompting concerns
that delays could occur or access could be restricted.

   Warm weather and brisk winds promoted a more rapid snowmelt as gauging sites
along tributaries of the Red River showed rapid rises during a 24-hour period
ending April 2. The next day, a swelling Red River reached its 10-foot flood
stage at Wahpeton and barely exceeded its 17-foot flood stage in Fargo. Other
rivers rising a few feet above flood stage included the Wild Rice, Goose,
Sheyenne and Souris Rivers and the Baldhill Creek.

   As rivers filled, flood fights were required in eastern North Dakota
communities, including Milnor in Sargent County, where residents participated in
a late night flood response April 2 after a clogged drainage culvert  [*207]
backed up, impacting 45 nearby homes. In Enderlin, Maple River waters flooded
three homes, and overland flooding inundated three other homes. Residents
evacuated to private homes and a local motel. North Dakota Emergency Management
also received 19 reports of families whose homes had been isolated by rising
waters or damaged by flood waters. These reports came from Barnes, Foster,
LaMoure, McIntosh, Ransom, Sargent and Walsh Counties. In Nelson County,
Sheyenne River waters forced an elderly man and his niece from their home.

   The Maple River became the first North Dakota river to exceed its flood of
record stage as it rose to 15.4 feet at Mapleton on April 5. Flood of record had
been 15 feet. That same day, flood waters forced the evacuation of six LaMoure
County families. And, farther north, Forest River waters isolated 35 homes,
requiring residents to seek shelter with friends or families.

   Flood-fight operations stepped up as the USACE upgraded its dike construction
for the city of Enderlin to 24-hour operations. Citing the imminent flooding in
the Red River Basin, Major General Bjerke requested the St. Paul District of the
USACE to provide technical, manual and material assistance to the state and
local communities under Public Law 84-99. Those flood preparedness measures
included construction of a $ 600,000 emergency dike designed for the city of
Grafton. Walsh County and city of Minto officials monitored the Forest River.
State Highway 81 was closed after rising Forest River waters inundated a bridge.

   Ice dusting efforts were also underway as National Guard crews dumped 300
tons of sand onto the Red River. Thirty members were assigned to ground support
and 28 members to aviation support. The operation came to a halt as a blizzard
moved into the state late on April 4.

   This blizzard, the ninth and final of the winter season, created such rapid
and widespread damage that Governor Schafer's request for a Presidential Major
Disaster Declaration was granted within one day. The blizzard left more than
30,000 North Dakotans without power when ice-coated power and telephone poles
snapped. Power outages also disrupted electrical service to lift stations and
emergency pumps already working at capacity to keep up with flood waters. A
combination of freezing rain and high winds toppled government and commercial
radio and television towers, limiting North Dakotans' access to emergency
information. High winds also compounded flooding problems, causing whitecaps on
rivers and roadways that were inundated with flood waters. The storm, which
paralyzed the entire state, had closed the entire state highway and interstate
systems, preventing the delivery of flood-fight supplies to the Red River
Valley. Ninety motorists travelling on I-94 in western North Dakota were
stranded and evacuated to Hebron where they spent the night at private homes and
at city hall. Storm conditions prevented ranchers and farmers from reaching
their livestock, causing concern that losses would be heavy since many cows were
still calving. The NWS reported snowfall amounts ranged from  [*208]  10 to 24
inches throughout the state. This added the equivalent of one to three inches of
rain to areas that were already inundated by spring runoff.

   Ironically, Wahpeton found itself in the midst of both a flood and snow fight
as the Red River crested at an all-time high of 19.2 feet. Many homes filled
with water from both sewer backup and seepage, forcing 100 residents from their
homes during the middle of a blizzard. Power outages prevented flood victims
from operating pumps. As the Richland County emergency manager reported in an
April 6 Situation Report to the State EOC, "Snow removal activities will begin
in the morning as we have gone from a devastating flood to a downright obnoxious
blizzard, and the ark is stuck in a flow bank."

   The next day, Richland County was placed under a flash flood warning because
of an ice jam on the Bois De Sioux River at its confluence with the Red River.
Water that accumulated behind the jam flooded agricultural land. In Wahpeton, a
dike protecting the city showed signs of being breached, but volunteers were
able to reinforce it with sandbags. Meanwhile, homeowners reported sewer and
water in basements, foundation damage and sewer caps that had been blown off
drains because of extreme pressure within the sanitary sewer system. Flood
waters turned to ice and slush, making pumping operations a slow, intensive
process. The mayor banned all travel within city limits to allow for placement
of pumps and equipment and to eliminate sightseers who were hampering the flood
response. The ban carried a $ 500 fine.

   Two people lost their lives during the storm. A Walsh County motorist's body
was found next to his vehicle after he became stranded by storm conditions. In
Ransom County, a young man died during a mobile home fire believed to be started
by a candle that had been in use after electrical service to his home was
disrupted. Their deaths represented the third and fourth disaster-related deaths
of the 1997 spring flood.

   As North Dakotans battled both flood waters and ice storm conditions,
officials received dozens of reports of people suffering from carbon monoxide
poisoning due to ventilation shortfalls in the operation of generators and pumps
used to ensure heat and electricity. A lineman working to restore power was
injured when he fell from a pole in Steele County.

   On April 7, an Emmons County man became the fifth disaster-related death when
snowdrifts delayed an ambulance crew's response by one hour. Those without power
faced the threat of hypothermia. In Cass County, an elderly rural woman was
treated for hypothermia after neighbors rescued her and her brother.

   As a result of the storm, schools, businesses and government offices either
canceled or delayed openings. Prolonged power outages prevented farmers and
ranchers from operating electric pumps used to supply livestock with water.
County officials reported growing numbers of cattle and  [*209]  calf deaths. In
Logan County, alone, more than 150 head of cattle had drowned in Beaver Creek.

   By April 8, thousands of North Dakotans remained without electricity as
electric cooperatives and power companies worked to restore power. Ten electric
cooperatives reported ice and high winds had toppled hundreds of transmission
towers and 4,300 power poles. Damage was so extensive that efforts to restore
power took several days in some locations. Because of electrical outages,
flooding and storm conditions, hundreds of North Dakotans were unable to return
home. They sought refuge at approximately 30 shelters throughout the state. In
Traill County, approximately 800 residents were sheltered in schools and fire
stations.

   State DOT and local road crews pushed through snowdrifts, opening roads that
had been closed for more than 48 hours. The National Guard initiated 27 missions
that included delivering generators to cities, providing emergency
transportation, providing dozers to help clear paths for electrical companies,
and assisting with sandbagging operations. The U.S. Fifth Army and Forces
Command staff members were assigned to the State EOC to help facilitate requests
for U.S. Department of Defense (DOD) assets. State Radio Communications provided
emergency communications to several counties that lost commercial power for
communications systems.

   Grand Forks Emergency Management Office staff, like many county emergency
management offices along the Red River, worked on issues related to power
outages and storm conditions, as well as those caused by the rising Red. On
April 8, the Grand Forks Emergency Manager issued a Flood Warning Level II,
indicating that the Red River had exceeded 35 feet. Flood stage is 28 feet. This
warning requires a high state of readiness by key flood-fight personnel.

   Also in response to the flood threat, the State Highway Patrol placed its
troopers on 24-hour notice, the first phase of its Emergency Mobilization Plan.
A few days later, the State Highway Patrol upgraded operations at two North
Dakota weigh stations to 24 hours. Attendants at the weigh station at Buxton on
I-29 and the West Fargo station on I-94 routed trucks around inundated sites and
enforced an 80,000-pound weight restriction.

   As of April 9, nearly 10,500 rural electric customers were still without
power. Utility companies anticipated that power would not be restored to more
remote areas for up to seven days. Utility crews from other states, including
South Dakota, Minnesota, Montana, Nebraska and Wisconsin, arrived in the state
to assist with efforts to restore power. Arrangements were made to bring 50
generators and operators to North Dakota. The National Guard provided 18
generators to communities. The National Guard also established 24-hour command
posts at Bohn Armory in Bismarck and at the Air National Guard headquarters in
Fargo.

   National leaders, including Vice President Al Gore, arrived in North Dakota
to tour flood-damaged sites and to talk with disaster victims. On  [*210]  April
9, First Lady Nancy Schafer, Marilyn Quayle, the Salvation Army's national
spokesperson, and national and regional Salvation Army representatives visited
flood-damaged areas in Wahpeton and Fargo. FEMA Director James Lee Witt and
North Dakota's congressional delegation toured the Red River area on April 10.
The next day, Vice President Gore visited North Dakota's storm-damaged and
flood-stricken areas. The National Guard provided helicopter and crews for the
visits.

   As the Red River rose to 36.79 feet at Fargo, the NWS revised its forecast on
April 10. The river was now expected to rise to 37.5 to 38 feet. Flood of record
was 37.5 feet. As a precautionary measure, the Fargo Veterans Administration
hospital staff evacuated one-half of its patients. In West Fargo, National Guard
crews evacuated two families after water encircled their homes. The Highway
Patrol assisted truck drivers around the Fargo area and worked with State DOT to
determine placement of barricades. National Guard members staffed those
barricades. The Civil Air Patrol conducted surveillance flights of the Red River
Valley for as the State Water Commission, NWS, North Dakota Emergency Management
and the USACE. Disaster relief agencies upgraded operations, as well.

   Catholic and Lutheran church organizations formed the Disaster Relief Task
Force to provide equipment for disaster victims, including generators and sump
pumps. The group also established a toll-free number for North Dakota disaster
victims, allowing them to register immediately for state, federal and voluntary
disaster assistance programs, was established.

   Concerned about the storm and flood impacts on their communities, 120 members
of the State Legislative Assembly met on April 10 with state agencies responding
to the disaster. These agencies discussed the interagency effort required to
address problems created by the disaster.

   The Red River surpassed its 37.5-foot flood of record at Fargo early April 11
as residents reinforced sandbags and earthen dikes. No major breaches occurred,
although breakouts were reported along dikes in the Sheyenne River Diversion in
West Fargo. There, water in the diversion was nearly two feet above its flood of
record stage of 21.5 feet. Homeowners, who had been without power since April 5,
battled with inundated basements. Downstream, the city of Wahpeton braced for
its second crest of the Red River. The river was expected to rise to 17.5 to
18.5 feet by April 12-13. City officials issued an urgent request for
sandbaggers to raise the level of the dike on the city's south side.

   Also on April 11, the State EOC received reports of the sixth and seventh
disaster-related deaths. A LaMoure County man, who had been operating an
inadequately-ventilated generator, died of carbon monoxide poisoning. In Divide
County, a motorist was killed and his passenger injured when their vehicle
struck a washout on a rural Crosby road. The road had been closed to traffic.
The following day, a State Highway Patrol trooper suffered hypothermia after he
attempted to rescue a driver whose  [*211]  vehicle landed in an ice-crusted,
water-filled ditch along I-94 near Mapleton. The motorist died of a massive
heart attack; his death was not a result of flooding in the area.

   The longer people were without power, the more pervasive the problem of
carbon monoxide poisoning became. By April 11, approximately 30 North Dakotans
had been treated for carbon monoxide poisoning. Food- related illnesses also
became a problem. In Wahpeton, several people at a Wahpeton shelter and at the
Richland County EOC became ill. A State Department of Health representative, a
county nurse and a sanitarian investigated the cause. Although they were unable
to establish a correlation between food and the illness, the health officials
decided prepared food donations would no longer be accepted and that all food
would be prepared on site as a precautionary measure.

   Power outages prevented the operation of sump and water pumps. As a result,
hundreds of basements were flooded throughout the state. In Walsh County, Minto
residents lost ground in their fight against rising waters. One resident
reported up to eight inches of water on the main floor. In nearby Forest River,
a family evacuated their home when water pipes between the first and second
floors broke.

   The National Guard continued efforts to deliver generators and to evacuate
flood victims. Their effort, dubbed "Operation Good Neighbor," required 167
pieces of equipment, from sandbag machines and generators to helicopters. The
Coast Guard also continued its evacuation efforts. They rescued four Harwood
residents, two sightseers in a stalled vehicle and two adults and four children
who were stranded by flood waters. Another team flew emergency blood supplies
from Fargo to Grand Forks after inundated roads prevented timely delivery by
ground transportation. The National Guard and Coast Guard joined forces during
one mission to evacuate two adults, three children and one dog.

   As flooding and ice storm problems continued, the State EOC began 24-hour
operations. The State EOC was staffed by representatives of North Dakota
Emergency Management, State Water Commission, Highway Patrol, National Guard,
State DOT, North Dakota Civil Air Patrol, U.S. Department of Transportation,
FEMA, the U.S. Department of Defense and Emergency Preparedness Liaison Officers
representing the U.S. Navy, U.S. Army and U.S. Air Force. Agencies augmenting
efforts included the governor's Office, State Radio Communications, State
Department of Human Services, State Department of Health, State Department of
Agriculture, N.D. Agricultural Statistical Service, the N.D. Extension Service,
the U.S. Coast Guard, USGS, the U.S. Forest Service, the NWS and Minot and Grand
Forks Air Force Bases.

   As part of its support of State EOC operations, the Civil Air Patrol had
flown 23 surveillance missions by April 14, including one where an air crew
videotaped flood damages for Cass County and state officials.

    [*212]  On April 14, FEMA opened a Disaster Field Office (DFO) in Bismarck
staffed initially by 100 people. The Presidential Major Disaster Declaration
issued by President Clinton made available Individual Assistance in each of
North Dakota's 53 counties to help pay for temporary housing, minor home repairs
and other serious disaster-related expenses. Under the declaration, 40 counties
were initially eligible for Hazard Mitigation funds and for Public Assistance
relief for debris removal and emergency protective measures. The declaration was
expanded to include the 13 remaining counties on April 14. Lesli A. Rucker and
Pete Bakersky of FEMA's Region VIII Office in Denver were named FCO and Deputy
FCO, respectively. The FEMA-State agreement, which outlined the scope of federal
assistance available to North Dakotans, was signed on April 16.

   Additional information about disaster aid became available during this time
period as Governor Schafer announced that North Dakotans who were totally or
partially unemployed as a direct result of the disaster may be eligible for
disaster unemployment benefits from Job Service North Dakota.

   As flood fighters repaired boils on levees, the Red River continued its rise,
prompting the NWS on April 15 to upgrade its predicted crests for Wahpeton,
Fargo and Grand Forks. The crest for Wahpeton was upgraded to 19.5 feet. This
was one-third of one foot above its 19.2 flood of record level set only 10 days
earlier. In Fargo, the river was expected to rise to 39 feet, one-half foot over
earlier projections, and from 49 feet to 50 feet in Grand Forks. Downstream, the
Red River was flowing out of its banks in Walsh County. Red River tributaries
also continued their rise with the Goose River gaining three feet during April
14-15. The Goose River was expected to rise another six to seven feet by April
17-19.

   In response to the additional rise, the Grand Forks sandbagging effort was
upgraded to 24-hour operations. By April 15, approximately 12,000 volunteers had
filled more than 1.3 million sandbags in preparation for the crest. Amateur
Radio Emergency Services (ARES) provided instantaneous audio and video from all
Grand Forks dikes and any trouble spots that arose. UND officials dismissed
classes on April 16 to allow students and staff to join flood-fight efforts. As
a precautionary measure, Grand Forks County and city officials began conducting
informational meetings, outlining evacuation plans for residents.

   Flood fight efforts in Fargo intensified as the Red River reached its new
flood of record level of 39.5 feet. South Fargo residents on April 16 battled
flood waters that spilled out of the Wild Rice River and travelled overland
toward Rose Creek. The next day, a sandbag levee in northeast Fargo failed,
flooding 23 homes and the Oak Grove School.

   Meanwhile, concerns over cattle deaths continued to mount as agriculture
officials reported that approximately 90,000 cattle perished during the April
blizzard and ice storm compared to 20,000 that died during January  [*213]  and
February. (The number of deaths would later be upgraded to 150,000 as
agriculture officials received more notifications of cattle deaths.)
Additionally, cows suffering from dehydration and weight loss, were aborting
calves. The State Department of Agriculture opened an Agriculture Information
Center on April 17 to assist farmers with these problems. Representatives of the
Department, the North Dakota State University Extension Service and Farm Service
Agency staffed the phone lines, answering 250 calls during the first day of
operations. Meanwhile, National Guard crews began efforts to remove cattle
carcasses from waterways, starting with the 150 head of cattle that perished in
Beaver Creek. The carcass water removal and burial program was coordinated in
cooperation with the National Guard, the State Department of Agriculture's
Animal Damage Control, State Game and Fish Department, U.S. Fish and Wildlife
Agency, State Department of Health and North Dakota Emergency Management.

   Grand Forks was arguably one of the best prepared Red River Valley cities for
flooding. The city had prepared by supplementing the existing levee system with
3.5 million sandbags filled 17,500 tons of sand, 170,000 cubic yards of clay and
20,000 cubic yards of gravel. However, the city began losing its flood fight as
revised forecasts called for the river to rise higher than expected. With the
upgraded forecasts, the USACE worked to raise dikes to 54 feet and hundreds
joined in efforts to reinforce those dikes, including 500 personnel from the
Grand Forks Air Force Base.

   The first evacuations took place on April 17 as residents living near a
Lincoln Park dike were evacuated as a precautionary measure. That same day,
Grand Forks almost suffered a flood-related fatality. A youth had fallen into
the river, but was revived after a rescuer administered cardiopulmonary
resuscitation.

   Warning sirens began echoing throughout the city on April 18 as residents of
1,000 homes fled the city after supplementary emergency dikes began collapsing
under the pressure of flood waters. Residents living in Riverside and Lincoln
Parks and neighboring streets were forced to evacuate. Flood waters soon swamped
many of the 300 Lincoln Park homes to their roof pitches. A few hours later,
Central Park began filling rapidly. The mayor ordered the closure of schools and
non-emergency businesses. As flood waters spread out and began flowing into the
city, residents were alerted that all areas were subject to overland flooding
and inundation of storm sewers. The Red River had surpassed its 100-year flood
event at Grand Forks with record flows of 145,000 cubic feet per second (cfs).
(The average, non-flood flow is 780 cfs.) The velocity of water in Grand Forks
river channels had doubled from April 17 to April 18, compounding threats to
dikes already experiencing problems with breaches. The NWS reported that the Red
River had risen to 51.55 feet, more than two feet during 24 hours. Revised
forecasts called for the river to reach 53 feet late April 19 and to remain high
for five to seven days. A press release asked residents  [*214]  to evacuate at
once. "Take with you medications, pillows and blankets, immediate clothing
needs. Please, for your safety, leave at once," the statement read.

   Grand Forks EOC staff abandoned their police station location and moved to
University of North Dakota's (UND) Plant Services Building as water inundated
the downtown area. Water was heading down the street and toward the EOC as staff
members completed the relocation. Thirty minutes later, the basement was full of
water.

   As flood waters poured into Grand Forks, city and county officials requested
that the State EOC contact the National Red Cross Disaster Response Team to
establish shelter for 10,000 people at the Grand Forks Air Force Base. The Red
Cross set up shelters at the base and at the Grand Forks National Guard Armory.
Shelters also had been opened at Red River High School and Valley Middle School.
Grand Forks Mayor Pat Owens ordered motel guests to leave motels so emergency
workers could have the rooms.

   In the early morning hours of April 19, approximately 10,000 Grand Forks
residents were forced to flee 3,000 homes as city officials called for a
voluntary evacuation of the city and a mandatory evacuation of a 10-block area
west of the Red River. Within hours, a total of 90 percent--47,000--residents
had evacuated their homes as flood waters covered 75 percent of the city. When
the Red River reached 52.9 feet, the only Grand Forks link to Minnesota was lost
as officials closed the Kennedy Bridge on U.S. Highway 2. The State Highway
Patrol and State DOT closed I-29 north of Grand Forks, where flood waters were
crossing the Interstate. The U.S. Geological Service (USGS) reported that flows
had decreased from 145,000 cfs to 100,000 cfs as the water spread out into Grand
Forks and East Grand Forks. Still, the river crested at 54.1 feet, nearly six
feet over earlier crest predictions. A clay dike was constructed around United
Hospital to keep the facility operational.

   During the midst of the flood fight, an emergency dike was constructed on
South Washington to prevent additional inundation of the southwest portion of
the city. The dike took 30 hours to build and measured three-quarters of a mile
long. State Water Commission officials would later report that this dike
prevented additional inundation of the southwest portion of the city.

   By April 19, all Red River gauging stations were above flood stage with the
level at Wahpeton surpassing its 19.2-foot flood of record as the river crested
at 19.5 feet.

   More than 3,000 Grand Forks residents stayed at public shelters. When it was
apparent that the four shelters already in operation would not be adequate for
flood victims, the chancellor of North Dakota's University System and the State
Department of Human Services director arrived at the State EOC at 3:00 a.m.
April 19 to make arrangements for additional  [*215]  housing arrangements for
evacuees. Shelters were opened at UND-Lake Region in Devils Lake, Mayville State
University and Valley City State University. State Department of Human Services
staff coordinated the evacuation of approximately 120 Grand Forks
developmentally-disabled and severely mentally ill clients who were taken to two
state facilities. A few days later, the State Departments of Health and Human
Services evacuated frail elderly evacuees staying at the Air Base shelter to
long-term care facilities throughout the state. The Grand Forks Air Force Base
and the North Dakota Long Term Care Association assisted with both relocation
efforts. FEMA delivered 1,500 cots to the Grand Forks Air Force Base shelter.
Those evacuees not housed at public facilities took shelter with family and
friends in surrounding communities and even other states.

   In addition to arranging shelter, the University System chancellor announced
classes at UND were cancelled for the remaining spring semester. The N.D.
Department of Public Instruction would later report that only one-third of
nearly 9,000 public school students and 1,000 private school students had
re-enrolled in class at other schools throughout the state.

   In the midst of this catastrophic flood, fire erupted in downtown Grand Forks
on April 20, destroying 11 buildings in a four-block downtown area. The fire
raged for more than 24 hours as flooded streets and inadequate water pressure
made response difficult. Three fire-fighters, who had been standing in four feet
of cold water, suffered hypothermia. The extent of the fire required assistance
of aerial and ground response units from other cities. In addition, two houses
caught fire and were extinguished. City officials worked with Northern States
Power to shut down power to avoid further risk of fire in the evacuated areas.

   When the Grand Forks city water system began showing signs of failing, the
National Guard sent five purification units to provide bottled waters to
evacuees. The water plant soon became inundated, forcing an evacuation of 45
critically-ill patients from Altru Health System (formerly United Hospital).
Residents and workers who remained in the city were instructed to boil or
chemically treat water before consumption. With the failure of the water system,
officials worried residents would not be able to return for at least two weeks.

   A total of 1,000 National Guard members were now assisting with flood-fight
efforts. Sixty-four missions were in progress; 105 had been completed. National
Guard helicopter crews helped with the evacuation of patients from United
Hospital. They were assisted by two U.S. Department of Defense helicopters and a
C-9 medical-evacuation airplane. Eight assault bridge boats were dispatched to
Grand Forks to assist with evacuation of residents. National Guard forces
assisted with security in the city.

   State agencies and number of personnel responding to the needs of flood
victims during the April 18-20 weekend included: the governor's Office, 4;
National Guard, 1,000; State Department of Human Services, 90;  [*216]  State
Department of Health, 40; N.D. State Water Commission, 25; North Dakota
Emergency Management, 26; State DOT, 250; State Radio Communications, 29; the
State Highway Patrol, 100; N.D. State Electrical Board, 6; and the North Dakota
Civil Air Patrol, 100.

   The State Department of Health began sending medical supplies, including
tetanus vaccines, to help the Grand Forks Public Health District care for
evacuees. The agency mobilized public health nurses and staff from its
Microbiology and Food and Lodging Divisions. The Food and Lodging staff
conducted inspections at shelters, and Microbiology staff helped with efforts to
restore the city's water system. At the request of the State Health Officer, the
U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HSS) activated three medical
units, each with 50 members, to assist flood victims housed at the Grand Forks
Air Force Base. Health officials also requested that the Veterans Administration
dispatch its mobile medical van to Grand Forks.

   The N.D. State Electrical Board also stepped into action helping city of
Grand Forks with electrical inspections and reviewing wiring inspection reports.
The board helped the city establish minimum requirements for repair of
flood-damaged wiring. The board assigned six employees to assist Grand Forks
with inspections and hired two temporary employees to record and file permits.

   During the weekend, FEMA established a Disaster Operations Center at the
Bismarck Civic Center to assist North Dakota Emergency Management in securing
federal assets in response to the disaster. The FEMA/State Donations
Coordination Center also became operational and was staffed by Seventh Day
Adventist Disaster Response, United Methodist Council on Relief (UMCOR) and
three flood-displaced volunteers from Grand Forks. By April 21, the Salvation
Army reported that it had assisted 93,161 displaced flood victims and disaster
services personnel through "Operation We Care." Staff and volunteers provided
meals to 19,000 sandbaggers, emergency/security personnel and evacuees. More
than 27,700 volunteers from 14 states had participated to date in Red River
flood relief efforts in both North Dakota and Minnesota.

   On April 22, as the Red River at Grand Forks reached its crest, President
Clinton arrived at Grand Forks Air Force Base to meet with evacuees and state,
federal and local leaders. He announced that he had directed FEMA to reimburse
100 percent of North Dakota's cost for immediate disaster-related emergency
work. The President planned to propose to Congress an additional $ 88 million in
supplemental disaster assistance for North Dakota, South Dakota and Minnesota.
During his stay, the President participated in an aerial surveillance flight of
flood-damaged areas along the Red River, and met with Governor Schafer; SCO
Major General Keith D. Bjerke; Mike Armstrong, FEMA Region VIII Director; and
FCO Lesli A. Rucker. Major General Bjerke also met with the U.S. Secretary of
the Army.

    [*217]  At the governor's and state coordinating officer's request, the
North Dakota League of Cities assumed responsibility on April 23 to support
local efforts in delivering donated goods to flood victims. The League, through
its network of city officials, helped secure warehouse garage space throughout
the Red River Valley and helped establish distribution sites and procedures. The
result was that tons of valuable items donated from throughout the United States
were delivered to those in need in a timely and effective manner.

   As Red River flood waters headed north, a crack in a levee forced an early
morning evacuation of the city of Drayton's 1,080-plus residents on April 22.
Law enforcement officials began the evacuation at 3 a.m. and reported by 6 a.m.
all residents had left. They had expected the town to be inundated with Red
River flood waters by 11 a.m., but a reinforced dike held the water back. The
river at Drayton rose to 44.82 feet, surpassing its flood-of-record level of
43.8 feet set in 1979. The NWS expected the river to crest between 48 and 49
feet by April 23, nearly five feet over projections. A Drayton bulk fertilizer
plant manager received assistance with relocating his fertilizer supply after
the National Guard Public Affairs Office contacted television and radio
stations, issuing an urgent need for truck drivers.

   Officials for the city of Pembina also ordered an evacuation of the city's
640-plus residents by 6 p.m. on April 22. The Red River at Pembina had risen to
52.1 feet, approximately 3.45 feet in 24 hours. The NWS expected the river to
crest at Pembina at 58 to 59 feet by late April 25.

   Meanwhile, representatives of the city of Grand Forks, USACE, National Guard
and State Water Commission met to establish water distribution and production
priorities. The group agreed that the first priority was to secure an adequate
water supply for Grand Forks Air Force Base, where more than 2,500 evacuees were
housed. The second priority was to supply water for other shelters in the Grand
Forks area, and the third priority was to produce 1 million gallons to start up
and sanitize the city's water treatment plant.

   Red River flood waters began to slowly recede in Grand Forks on April 23 as
Elizabeth Dole, leader of the American Red Cross, and First Lady Nancy Schafer
toured flood-stricken areas. The River had dropped nearly one-half foot during a
24-hour period. A Grand Forks chemical company reported that these flood waters
may have been contaminated by a spill of 1,000 tons of urea.

   State officials estimated that approximately 70,000 North Dakotans had been
uprooted because either the areas where they live had been evacuated and/or
their homes had been damaged by flood waters. The number of people staying at
Red Cross shelters began to decline as more flood victims returned home or
sought shelter with friends and relatives. The Red Cross sheltered 1,356
evacuees at six shelters during April 22-23. At  [*218]  the height of the
evacuation, the Red Cross had sheltered a total of 4,660 flood victims. The Red
Cross served 8,200 meals on April 22 and a total of 75,948 meals statewide to
date.

   While Grand Forks evacuees faced the prospect of not returning home for two
weeks, the U.S. Postal Service established a temporary post office at the Grand
Forks Air Force Base. Grand Forks city officials established a temporary city
hall at the UND Housing Office. The N.D. Banking Commissioner reported that
Grand Forks banks and savings and loan institutions established customer
telephone numbers for Grand Forks customers. The North Dakota Housing Finance
Agency granted a forbearance a few weeks later for flood victims, waiving late
charges and a delinquent status report on credit reports. Fannie Mae, a home
mortgage institution, also announced mortgage relief provisions for borrowers
facing hardships as a result of flooding.

   At Governor Schafer's request, the North Dakota Community Foundation
established the 1997 Flood Relief Fund. Grants were made available to non-profit
organizations serving the needs of flood victims and for cleanup and rebuilding.
Grand Forks and North Dakota Emergency Management Offices began receiving offers
of help throughout the nation as counties neighboring flooded areas assisted
evacuees by providing housing and meals. Farm-based organizations also assisted
with flood relief efforts as North Dakota Farmers Union established the Farmers
Union Emergency Relief Fund.

   On April 24, a dike broke in south Pembina, affecting four homes and 16
mobile homes. Officials for the city of Pembina allowed able-bodied people over
18 years of age into the evacuated city to assist with sandbagging efforts. The
USACE used flashboard to elevate the levee and sandbags to reinforce it.

   Upstream in Drayton, the Red River appeared to be holding steady at 45.55
feet. Predictions had called for the river to crest at 48 to 49 feet on April
23, but water spread overland, which was attenuating the peak.

   To assist flood victims, the Health Care Financing Administration waived
several requirements concerning continued eligibility and the new application
for Medicaid. Additional disaster aid became available when the State Department
of Human Services received $ 712,912 in funds from FEMA and the Center for
Mental Health Services to provide crisis counselling for flood victims.

   State and federal assistance continued as the State Department of Human
Services initiated an Emergency Food Stamp Program for eight Red River Valley
counties. State and FEMA Public Assistance inspectors completed training and
began working with counties reporting flood damages on April 23. Inspectors
began their work with 22 western North Dakota counties and moved east as flood
waters subsided. Additional aid  [*219]  included $ 1 million from that the U.S.
Department of Labor, allocated to Job Service to fund temporary jobs in cleanup
and recovery efforts.

   The U.S. Army Reserve's 348th Quartermaster Unit arrived in Grand Forks on
April 25 to assist the National Guard with production of potable water. The unit
provided three reverse osmosis machines. The National Guard has 11 such machines
in operation. Guard personnel also patrolled and repaired dikes, removed animal
carcasses from waterways and buried them, and provided traffic control. State
Radio Communications sent a base station and 18 portable radios to Grand Forks
responders. The Civil Air Patrol provided an aerial surveillance flight of the
Red River, from Grand Forks to the Canadian border.

   U.S. congressional and relief organization leaders continued to arrive in
Grand Forks and Devils Lake to tour the damage areas. U.S. Speaker of the House
Newt Gingrich toured Grand Forks on April 25 and discussed federal assistance
programs with Governor Schafer, local leaders and area business people. National
leaders for the Salvation Army also toured flooded areas. They reported more
than 20,000 flood victims and emergency workers had received some form of
Salvation Army assistance. A few days later, Dick Armey, majority leader of the
U.S. House of Representatives, and seven other House members toured Devils Lake
and Grand Forks. Construction of an outlet for Devils Lake and disaster
assistance for the Red River Valley were under review by Congress.

   Southwest Grand Forks residents were allowed to see their homes on April 25
for the first time since evacuation, as flood waters began a slow retreat from
their neighborhoods. Residents reported 20 burglaries had occurred. Other areas
remained off limits as preliminary estimates by officials indicated that three
riverside neighborhoods experienced total destruction. Grand Forks police
officers resumed regular street patrol of areas where water has receded. Air
crews from the Civil Air Patrol, State Highway Patrol and State Game and Fish
Department provided 24-hour surveillance as they flew over the eastern portion
of Grand Forks County.

   As runoff filled waterways to capacity, emergency management workers also
monitored conditions at Devils Lake. Revised predictions now called for the lake
to rise to 1,444 feet by July, three feet over original predictions.
Meteorologists based the new forecast on USGS reports that coulees flowing into
Devils Lake Basin were at record levels.

   On April 26, the NWS downgraded its predicted crest for the Red River at
Pembina as flood waters spread wide across the northern Red River Valley. The
Red River crested at Pembina at 54.94 feet; flood stage is 42 feet. Although the
river volume decreased, the likelihood of overland flooding increased.
Forecasters predicted that the volume of water would be the largest ever to pass
through the Canadian border.

   While Pembina County officials welcomed the downgraded crests for the Red
River, they found themselves in the midst of a second flood fight  [*220]  as
the Pembina River raged out of control between Walhalla and Neche, forcing the
evacuation of 20 Leroy residents. In Pembina, night boat patrols by local law
enforcement were begun to prevent unauthorized people from entering the city.

   Shelter populations continued to drop with 350 staying overnight at the Grand
Forks Air Force Base. The State Department of Health reported that no illnesses
or major injuries had been reported thus far in the Red Cross shelters or in
Grand Forks. By April 26, 20,538 North Dakotans had called FEMA's National
Teleregistration Center to register for Individual Assistance. The State
Department of Human Services had received 900 household applications for
emergency food stamps, representing a total 2,700 people.

   Restoration of the Grand Forks water treatment plant efforts were underway as
a contractor crew pumped flood waters away from the facility. Another contractor
replaced flood-damaged motors, while plumbing and electrical contractors worked
to restore the water system. Crews discovered a reservoir with 800,000 gallons
of clean water, which they used to scrub the plant.

   By April 27-28, the Red River crest moved out of the northern end of the
river's valley and into Canada. Flood waters from both the Red and Pembina
Rivers caused problems with overland flooding in Pembina County, inundating the
city of Pembina's lagoon.

   As more Grand Forks residents returned home to inspect damages, contractors
arrived in the area to bid on rebuilding work. The N.D. Secretary of State and
the Attorney General opened a "one-stop shop" for issuing transient merchant and
contractor licenses in Grand Forks. Applications were reviewed and processed by
representatives of the city of Grand Forks, the Attorney General's Office,
Secretary of State's Office, the Adjutant General's Office and the N.D. Workers
Compensation Bureau. The Secretary of State reported that more than 200 licenses
were issued on April 28, compared to a daily average of four licenses. The
Licensing Section of the Attorney General's Office issues three merchant
licenses per month, but had processed 10 times that many applications in two
days.

   The U.S. Army released N.D. National Guard member Doug Friez after 4 months
of active duty in Bosnia-Herzegovina so he could resume his duties as State
Director for North Dakota Emergency Management.

   The State DOT reopened I-29 north of Fargo to Grand Forks on April 29. DOT
workers began conducting safety and damage inspections of highway bridges
inundated by flood waters. State Radio Communications continued to answer 911
calls from Grand Forks residents, the majority of whom were requesting
information on assistance. State Radio initially averaged 250 calls a day from
residents. That number had decreased to an average of 30 calls a day.

    [*221]  Water and power became top concerns among Grand Forks officials and
residents. State Department of Health officials reported to the State EOC that
the city water plant would possibly become operational April 30 or May 1.
However, problems with water lines that broke promised to delay restoration of
service. A four-member Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) team met
with Grand Forks and Altru Hospital officials to discuss water restoration.
Utility companies worked to restore power. However, before power could be
restored to each home, gas and/or electrical connections had to first be
inspected.

   Grand Forks city officials opened the downtown area to the public, but
continued to restrict access to some riverside neighborhoods heavily damaged by
flooding. Most water that had inundated the Civic Auditorium and Police
Department had been pumped out. Ground water kept infiltrating the building,
making the task take longer than expected. A CDC environmental assessment team
inspected damages at the law enforcement building, a church, a school, two
houses and a restaurant as part of the team's efforts to develop general
recommendations for cleanup. On April 29, The Salvation Army opened a supply
distribution center in Grand Forks, assisting 1,939 people during its first day
of operation.

   D. May

 By early May, recovery efforts were in full swing as Grand Forks residents
began to sift through sludge to salvage their muddied, flood-damaged belongings.
They hauled hopelessly-damaged items to curbsides as trash piles reached more
than six feet high. Residents used buckets to wash photos, and they lined their
yards with flood-soaked clothes. This widespread damage required contractors
hired by the USACE to remove 60,000 tons of debris from city streets and 38,712
truckloads from berms.

   Seventy five percent of Grand Forks homes were touched by flood waters that
spread out as much as three miles into the city. Approximately 16,000 residents
reported basements filled with water, and 4,000 had water on the main floor.
These damages amounted to an almost $ 50 million loss in residential tax base.

   Downtown businesses also suffered a stunning blow with 315 businesses
employing 3,775 people affected by flooding. The city infrastructure incurred $
70.5 million in damages, and 16 of 22 area schools suffered significant damages
with three schools regarded as a total loss.

   The State Department of Health ordered 25,000 cleanup kits at a cost of $ 1
million to supplement those kits distributed by the Red Cross. Supplemental
items included bleach, liquid cleaners, trash liners, heavy duty gloves, scrubs
and safety goggles. The Governor designated the State Department of Agriculture
and State Department of Health as lead agencies for coordinating cleanup of
flood-damaged fertilizer, pesticides and agriculture chemicals.

    [*222]  The Grand Forks water treatment plant became operational on May 1
with crews working to pressurize the southwest quadrant of the city. Two days
later, the system was pressurized from west of U.S. Highway 81 and south of
Demers Avenue. The plant was producing 4,300 gallons per minute (gpm). However,
water was not potable. The plant had sustained more than $ 4.5 million in
damages. Because of the extent of damage, Grand Forks would end up with 13 days
without running water and 23 days without drinkable water. By May 14, four Army
Reserve water purification units had departed while National Guard water
purification units were on standby.

   Governor Schafer appointed Dina Butcher, director of the State Office of
Intergovernmental Assistance, as state coordinator for disaster housing. Short-
and long-term housing plans established by local, state and federal disaster
officials included securing motel and apartment space, dormitory rooms, travel
trailers and manufactured homes for flood victims unable to return to their
homes. Staffs from the State Office of Intergovernmental Assistance and State
Department of Human Services tried to secure housing for up to 90
developmentally-disabled people displaced by flooding.

   Meanwhile, the 640-plus residents of Pembina remained evacuated after leaving
their homes on April 22. They were not allowed to return until two days later,
on May 3, after officials were certain the city water system would meet their
usage demands. Drayton residents, however, were allowed to return on May 1. City
officials prohibited access to the city after 8 p.m. and placed residents under
a 10 p.m. curfew. Also in Pembina County, the National Guard sent a 3,000-gallon
water tank and a semi tractor filled with bottled water to the city of Walhalla.
The city's 1,030 residents had been without potable water since April 28 when a
water main ruptured.

   Of the 20 public shelters that had been established for flood victims
throughout the Red River Valley, 16 were still in operation. Groups that
provided public shelter included: the American Red Cross, the communities of
Devils Lake, Hatton, Jamestown, Lakewood and Park River; St. Rose Catholic
Church in Hillsboro; the State Park in Rolette County; the Turtle Mountain
Indian Reservation; Park River Bible Camp; the Grand Forks Air Force Base; St.
Matthew's Church in Thompson; REM Corp; and the N.D. University System to
include Valley City State University and Mayville State University. Agencies
that provided mass care include the American Red Cross, the Salvation Army,
Southern Baptist Disaster Relief, North Dakota churches, N.D. National Guard,
U.S. Air Force, REM Corp., Mayville State University, Valley City State
University, Turtle Mountain Indian Reservation and local governments.

   Health officials received reports of children injured while slipping on the
stairs of their homes. An asthmatic patient was in serious condition after
participating in flood cleanup efforts in Grand Forks. The Grand Forks Health
District treated 12 people for possible exposure to Hepatitis  [*223]  A. An
injury surveillance, conducted by the State Department of Health, revealed 37
Grand Forks residents had suffered lacerations or punctures, foreign particles
in their eyes, fractures, sprains and other injuries between May 2-5.

   By May 2, the Red River continued 11 to 15 feet above flood stage in
northeast North Dakota while the level farther upstream at Wahpeton was three
feet above its 10-foot flood stage. State DOT workers anticipated that I-29,
near Manvel to the Canadian border, would be closed for up to 10 days until two
feet of water receded at mile marker 169 between Manvel and Grafton. (The State
DOT would open the final 20-mile stretch of I-29, from Joliette to the Canadian
border, on May 21.)

   To expedite the recovery process, Governor Schafer issued an Executive Order
on May 6 suspending statutes and administrative rules dealing with contracting,
bidding, licensing and public notices for Red River counties. In Grand Forks,
approximately 7,500 customers were still without electrical power and 6,550
without natural gas service. Inspectors were conducting structural, electrical
and gas safety inspection before restoring service. Health officials also
conducted inspections of the city's restaurants, bars, grocery stores and gas
stations.

   As recovery efforts began in earnest, the State EOC downgraded its 24-hour
operation. The EOC remained open about 12 hours a day, and a North Dakota
Emergency Management React Officer was available after hours. The agency's
Public Assistance and Individual Assistance staff moved to the DFO. Operations
also continued at the State EOC as damage inspectors provided reports on the
extent of damage in the Red River Valley. The Red Cross conducted its
Preliminary Damage Assessment (PDA) of 8,000 North Dakota homes. This PDA
indicated 519 homes, 53 mobile homes and 73 apartments had been destroyed by
flood waters. The PDA also showed that 701 homes, 69 mobile homes and 175
apartments sustained major damages. Inspectors report that 5,959 homes, 166
mobile homes and 497 apartments received minor damages. The SBA estimated that
5,200 businesses had been destroyed, damaged or affected by both the blizzards
and the flood.

   Grand Forks continued to receive assistance from relief agencies and donors.
Approximately 7,500 households received $ 2,000 each from the "Angel Fund,"
established after an anonymous California donor donated $ 15 million. The
Salvation Army, along with Northwest Airlines, provided hundreds of volunteers
to help with cleanup efforts. The Red Cross had opened two "drive-thru" sites in
Grand Forks and had 32 mobile feeding units throughout the state. Residents of
the city of Center and Oliver County adopted Bowesmont and Leroy in Pembina
County as part of their "Adopt-a-Town" project. They sponsored a concert,
auction and bake sale to raise funds. A month later, the city of Kingman,
Arizona, adopted the city of Pembina, establishing the "Relief Fund for North
Dakota."

    [*224]  Legal groups also presented information on flood victims' rights.
The Attorney General's Office and the State Bar Association of North Dakota
conducted a Consumer Education and Legal Rights Issues Forum on May 5 for Grand
Forks flood victims. Participants also included the State Insurance Department,
Legal Assistance of North Dakota and FEMA.

   The National Volunteer Organizations Active in Disaster held a special
meeting in Fargo on May 9 to coordinate member agencies' response to the Upper
Midwest floods.

   Meanwhile, animal carcass disposal efforts concluded in mid-May as field
crews finished work in the Red River Valley. The State Department of Agriculture
reported that field crews had handled more than 10 million pounds of dead
animals, burying 12,000 carcasses and pulling 850 animals from waterways.

   Devils Lake flood water problems mounted as runoff began to cause lake rises.
Twelve families living on Grahams Island were isolated and the state park closed
after flood waters inundated the island's only access road. The State DOT closed
N.D. Highway 57 after lake flood waters overtopped the roadway. The Lake at
Creel Bay was at 1,440.14 feet; the elevation of N.D. Highway 57 was 1,440.5
feet. Gusty winds caused lake waters to overtop N.D. Highway 19 and 20,
prompting temporary closures of the highways.

   After nearly two months of high water levels, the Red River dropped below its
10-foot flood stage at Wahpeton on May 14.

   State and federal assistance kept expanding in response to the needs of flood
victims. FEMA Director James Lee Witt announced that the eligibility period had
been extended until May 17 for 100 percent reimbursement of debris removal and
emergency protective measures. Mr. Witt, along with Governor Schafer, addressed
70 participants attending the North Dakota Mitigation Recovery meeting on May
14. Participants reviewed ways to mitigate future flood damages.

   North Dakota Emergency Management and FEMA hazard mitigation staffs organized
applicant briefings and workshops for local officials, which were held
throughout the state on May 20-28. FEMA, State Department of Human Services and
State Department Agriculture staff members opened Disaster Recovery Centers
throughout North Dakota to provide disaster- related information to flood
victims.

   The National Guard placed preliminary costs for "Operation Good Neighbor" at
nearly 1.5 million. (Final costs would be calculated at $ 4 million.) More than
1,800 Air and Army Guard members had volunteered for duty since "Operation Good
Neighbor" began on March 26. Members had completed 297 missions.

   The stress of the disaster took its toll on the mental health of North
Dakotans. Disaster-related calls to the Mental Health Association in North
Dakota increased more than 1,200 in April compared to the previous  [*225]
month. Nearly 200 State Department of Human Services outreach workers were
providing crisis counselling throughout North Dakota.

   Environmental health issues surfaced as cleanup efforts by residents
continued. An assessment by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA)
indicated that 450 residential fuel oil tanks were damaged by flooding,
releasing fuel oil into basements. Homeowners and business owners began to
report problems with mold and fungal growth, which posed a biological threat to
residents and response workers.

   On May 24, the last day of the disaster incident period, the eighth and final
flood disaster-related death occurred. A 22-year-old Minneapolis man died during
a single-car accident near Hampden in Ramsey County. His car was found submerged
in a slough alongside a flooded county line road that had been closed to
traffic.

   By May 30, the Red River dropped below flood stage at all North Dakota
gauging points.

   Also by May's end, mass care workers continued to operate four shelters for
281 flood victims. The FEMA/State Disaster Housing Program had placed 425 people
in UND dormitories and nearly 100 people in travel trailers. More than 33,000
North Dakotans had reported property damages, and 297 local governments and
private non-profit organizations providing government services had filed Notice
of Interest applications to participate in the Public Assistance Program. More
than 5,755 farmers, farm workers and self-employed persons applied for Disaster
Unemployment Assistance. Job Service had paid $ 1.24 million thus far in
benefits. In addition, Job Service reported that employees were at a premium in
Grand Forks. Only 1,157 people had applied for 2,104 temporary and permanent
jobs open in Grand Forks.

   E. June

 Governor Schafer continued to place emphasis on an expedited recovery
throughout the summer. On June 3, Governor Schafer met with members of the North
Dakota Legislative Council to provide an update on response and recovery work. A
week later, on June 10, he appointed Major General Murray Sagsveen, a Bismarck
attorney, as State Flood Recovery Coordinator.

   Disaster workers and victims received welcome news in June when the deadline
for individuals and businesses to register for assistance was extended from June
6 to July 7. Also, Job Service received a $ 1.5 million grant for flood recovery
jobs for its Disaster Assistance Program. The agency had already received $ 1
million for the program. Those individuals whose homes did not flood, but who
were affected by the disaster, became eligible for FEMA's Mortgage and Rental
Assistance Program if disaster- related conditions prevented them from meeting
their monthly rent or  [*226]  mortgage payments. FEMA Community Relations
workers visited more than 10,000 people and answered their questions about
disaster aid.

   The U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development also provided needed
funds, allocating $ 50 million in Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) funds
for expedited disaster relief to Grand Forks and $ 60 million for other
flood-affected communities. The State Office of Intergovernmental Assistance
also provided funding for flood recovery efforts. The agency earmarked $ 4.4
million through CDBG money and HOME funds, which was designated for
rehabilitation of existing homes and construction of new homes.

   Devils Lake residents also received encouraging news. Dry conditions in the
Devils Lake Basin had slowed the rise of Devils Lake, prompting the NWS to
revise its predicted crest. The new forecast called for the lake to rise to a
minimum of 1,443 feet by mid-July, one-half foot less than earlier predicted.
The highest predicted crest remained at 1,444 feet.

   On June 6, FEMA released a report that 4,983 Grand Forks housing applicants
had been relocated throughout North Dakota. For those still living in shelters
and visiting mass care centers, the North Dakota Psychological Association and
the Red Cross provided mental health assistance. The North Dakota State
University (NDSU) Extension Service provided one- on-one counselling service to
disaster-affected farmers in the state.

   The State EOC continued its monitoring of injuries among flood victims. The
State Department of Health reported that 29 Grand Forks area residents were
exposed to elevated levels of carbon monoxide while cleaning their flood-damaged
homes. They had been operating gas-powered water pumps or power washers. State
health officials also released a report that 2,854 patients were treated by
Altru Hospital emergency staff from May 2, the hospital's first day of
operation, to June 5.

   Recovery efforts also continued as the N.D. Hazard Mitigation Grant Program
finalized buyout plans on June 16 for the city of Bowesmont. Twenty-two
structures, including 14 homes, that had been subject to repeat flooding were
relocated out of the Red River floodplain. Also on June 16, SBA loans to
disaster victims had exceeded $ 100 million.

   By June 24, the State Hazard Mitigation Team had approved $ 17.6 million for
acquisition of substantially flood-damaged homes in Fargo, Grand Forks, and
Wahpeton. In affect, this meant hundreds of homes would be taken permanently out
of the flood plain, reducing the chances of repetitive flood recovery costs in
the future.

   North Dakota again received more encouraging news when President Clinton
notified FEMA on June 18 that the federal share for total eligible Public
Assistance costs was increased from 75 to 90 percent. State and local shares now
totaled 10 percent. Reimbursement for debris removal and emergency protective
measures remained at 100 percent.

   Also, the State Commissioner of Agriculture announced that North  [*227]
Dakota livestock producers who suffered losses as a result of severe winter
weather and spring flooding may be compensated under the Livestock Indemnity
Program. The program made available $ 50 million nationwide.

   In response to the need for expanded tribal emergency management services,
which became apparent during the blizzards and floods, Standing Rock Sioux Tribe
hosted the Upper Midwest Tribal-FEMA Partnership Meeting at Fort Yates on June
24-25. Those in attendance represented 25 tribes in North Dakota, South Dakota,
Nebraska and Minnesota, as well as state and federal disaster workers.

   While eastern counties forged ahead with flood recovery work, flooding
problems became more pronounced in western North Dakota. In Williams County, the
Missouri River at Williston crested at 27.5 feet on June 18, 7.5 feet above its
20-foot flood stage. Hundreds of acres of beets and alfalfa were flooding in the
Buford-Trenton Bottoms area. Oil companies temporarily suspended pumping
operations.

   Runoff from the Yellowstone and Missouri Rivers was forcing Lake Sakakawea to
rise to its second highest level in 22 years. The reservoir level on June 25
reached 1,852.9 feet. The highest recorded level was 1,854.8 feet in 1975. As a
result, the USACE increased releases from Garrison Dam from 44,000 cfs to 47,000
cfs. This caused bank erosion, agricultural flooding, and some residential
flooding from the Garrison down through the Bismarck area and south.

   F. July

 A weekend of thunderstorms caused Devils Lake to rise to 1,442.48 feet on July
2. Heavy rainfall also contributed to high inflows into Garrison Dam, requiring
the USACE to increase releases from 50,000 cfs to 55,000 cfs on July 3, then to
57,000 cfs on July 5, and finally to 58,000 cfs on July 9. Residents along the
Missouri River had to rip-rap and sandbag their properties.

   Throughout July, disaster workers were in the field, assisting flood victims
with their recovery. The North Dakota Rural Survival Task Force distributed to
rural residents packets about available disaster assistance. State and federal
disaster workers opened an information center on July 18 at the North Dakota
State Fair in Minot. An Unmet Needs Coordinator began working on July 21 with
the North Dakota Disaster Recovery Team. Her duties included assisting with the
long-term needs of disaster victims.

   The 366 employees hired through Job Service's Disaster Assistance Program
were also in the field, performing recovery work. These workers helped with
numerous flood-related jobs, from staffing daycares to managing the warehouse
for undesignated goods. By late July, Job Service had received a $ 2 million
grant to fund flood recovery jobs, bringing the total amount of funds received
from the Job Training Partnership Act to $ 4.5  [*228]  million. The grant
allowed Job Service to increase the number of workers to 450.

   Grand Forks city and county officials assumed the responsibility from state
officials on July 15 for management of donated goods. Previously, the North
Dakota League of Cities had coordinated the effort while Adventist Community
Services managed the distribution sites.

   By mid-July, the Salvation Army reported that it had distributed 18,053
cleanup kits, and volunteers had logged more than 83,144 hours for flood-relief
efforts.

   As part as of state recovery assistance, the State Industrial Commission
approved a $ 25 million line of credit for the city of Grand Forks to cover
costs until FEMA funds and other disaster aid arrived. The State Office of
Intergovernmental Assistance awarded a $ 50,000 grant to the Energy and
Environmental Research Center in Grand Forks to offer consulting services on
energy efficiency for flood-damaged businesses, non-profit organizations and
individuals. To eliminate the chance of contractor fraud, the State Attorney
General's Office issued a public service announcement urging Grand Forks
residents to request contractors to show state-issued identification cards.

   The State Electrical Board was also in the midst of flood-recovery work,
providing training for inspectors hired on a temporary basis to help the city of
Grand Forks. Two board employees were also helping with inspections. The board
expected to complete 3,000 inspections by September. Approximately 11,000 wiring
certificates had been issued to electricians working in Grand Forks. Of those,
9,000 had been submitted to the city's electrical inspection section. Last year,
the board only issued 849 certificates to Grand Forks electricians.

   On July 21, Rick Weiland, FEMA's new director for Region VIII, toured
flood-damaged areas and met with state and local officials in Grand Forks,
Devils Lake and Bismarck.

   In Grand Forks, demolition of flood-damaged structures began on July 21.
These unstable structures were condemned by the city for posing an imminent
health and/or public safety threat. Plans called for removing 20 structures each
week.

   As Devils Lake rose to 1,443 feet, its highest recorded level, the SCO and
FCO signed a memorandum of understanding on July 31 about the eligibility of
flood damages in the Devils Lake Basin. They agreed FEMA will consider
applications for private and public assistance if these damages occurred during
the incident period, February 28 to May 24. Staffs for the State Water
Commission, USACE and FEMA's Geographic Information Systems began work on
compiling a hazard mitigation database. The database included geographic
reference points and elevations of structures in the Devils Lake Basin.

   Preliminary findings of the NWS' Red River of the North Flood Study  [*229]
were also released on July 31. The study indicated that bridges and backwater in
the Grand Forks area caused the river to rise by an additional three feet during
the flood. The review committee was examining ways to enhance river forecasting
procedures, as well as improve communications between the NWS and the public.

   Also by July 31, approximately 134 Grand Forks area residents had moved from
UND dormitory rooms to travel trailers, manufactured homes, their repaired homes
or rented homes and apartments.

   G. August

 North Dakota again became the recipient of federal disaster funds on August 6
when the Secretary of U.S. Housing and Urban Development (HUD) announced that
the state and its communities would receive $ 201.3 million in grants from the
agency's Development Disaster Recovery Initiative. Communities receiving funds
were primarily located in the Red River Valley, although Mercer County was named
as a recipient.

   August 6 also marked the final day for North Dakotans to register for
individual assistance. A total of 36,494 North Dakotas had reported personal
property damages to FEMA's National Teleregistration Center. The number of
applicants was double the amount of recipients from Minnesota and South Dakota.

   The following day, the Agriculture Disaster Response Center closed. The
center offered assistance to more than 1,850 producers. They also coordinated
the statewide effort to collect and dispose of more than 11 million pounds of
animal carcasses and to distribute thousands of dollars worth of fence posts
donated by out-of-state manufacturers and dealers.

   The State/Federal DFO, located on South Second Street in Bismarck, moved to
the Manhattan Life Building, Bismarck, on August 8.

   Devils Lake became the focal point of national interest as Major General
Phillip R. Anderson, Commander of the Mississippi Valley Division of the USACE,
met with local and state officials in Devils Lake on August 12. The next day,
national and regional representatives of FEMA's Infrastructure Program, along
with state officials, visited the Devils Lake Basin, as well as the Grand Forks
area.

   In Grand Forks, unmet needs identified among residents living in manufactured
homes provided by FEMA included a lack of laundry and transportation services. A
local senior citizens organization faced difficulty establishing a bus service
schedule that could meet residents' needs. Other shortfalls identified by the
Aging Services Division of the State Department of Human Services included a
lack of adult day care programs for elderly and disabled residents and a lack of
air conditioners for residents of the manufactured homes.

   Red Cross assistance continued as the relief organization reported $ 9
[*230]  million had been spent on its disaster and recovery work in North Dakota
and Minnesota. In North Dakota, staff members had handled 11,580 cases.

   Acquisition of flood-damaged homes continued as a priority for recovery
efforts as the staffs for North Dakota Emergency Management and FEMA announced
on August 15 that a total of $ 27.3 million had been approved for the
acquisition of over 400 substantially flood-damaged homes and structures in the
Red River Valley.

   H. September

 As fall and winter encroached, recovery efforts emphasized the need to relocate
disaster victims from travel trailers to permanent housing or manufactured homes
provided by FEMA. On September 4, there were 321 families living in travel
trailers. The Disaster Housing Program had received 248 requests for mobile
homes. Of the 306 manufactured homes in the Red River Valley, 211 were leased
and occupied. The other homes were being prepared for occupancy.

   Public Assistance inspectors completed work on Damage Survey Reports for most
western North Dakota counties. By September 18, the Satellite Field Office in
Jamestown closed, leaving satellite offices still open in Fargo and Grand Forks
and the main DFO open in Bismarck.

   Job Service reported that 643 people had been employed through the $ 4.5
million in Job Training Partnership Act (JTPA) grants. Of those workers, 346
were still employed.

   I. October

 As winter approached, outreach workers for State Department of Human Services
Crisis Counseling Program discovered an increased level of anxiety among flood
survivors. Families were experiencing more strife, and some children were
avoiding school. Flood survivors said they felt as if they were in limbo until
civic leaders made decisions related to property acquisitions and floodplain
management. They also expressed concern about the potential for flooding next
spring and their community's level of preparedness for such a possibility. The
Rural Survival Task Force held 10 stress workshops throughout North Dakota
during October and November.

   In preparation for winter, manufactured homes were being winterized. Tasks
included insulating skirting on homes and hot water heaters, as needed, sealing
windows, and weatherizing exterior doors. Of the 311 manufactured homes, 242
were now occupied.

   The State EOC received a report from FEMA that home repair grants for damages
associated with the disaster were 50 percent above the national average. The
average national grant was $ 2,000 compared to $ 3,300 for this disaster. To
date, 24,447 eligible applicants have received more than  [*231]  $ 53 million
in minimal repair, transient assistance and rental assistance grants through the
Disaster Housing Program.

   Meanwhile, assistance continued as the North Dakota Community Foundation
approved $ 1.29 million in grants for Red River Valley agencies, organizations
and governmental entities that suffered damages during the flood. The residents
of Reading, Pa., sent 2,500 winter coats to Grand Forks residents. They also
donated $ 4,500 for hats, gloves, snow pants and other cold-weather gear.

   North Dakota Emergency Management conducted a risk assessment of selected
areas in North Dakota in order to assist local authorities to identify and
implement mitigation measures to reduce or prevent flooding in the spring of
1998.

   On October 11, Job Service made the last Disaster Unemployment Assistance
(DUA) payments. Grand Forks County had the highest number of DUA claimants and
the highest dollar amount paid. The county had 1,642 individuals who were paid $
1,262,339. Nine other counties had over $ 100,000 in DUA payments. They included
Barnes, Cass, Cavalier, McIntosh, Pembina, Ramsey, Stutsman, Traill, and Walsh
Counties. In addition, $ 3,382,358 was paid in flood-related state unemployment
benefits to 7,237 individuals between April 21 and September 30.

   On October 30, Governor Schafer signed an Executive Order to extend the
waiver of state bidding requirements for the city of Grand Forks through
November 28.

   J. November

 The National Guard made preparations to end its final disaster-related work in
November. Since June 13, National Guard and Grand Forks Mission employees had
been using the kitchen facility at the Grand Forks Armory to prepare meals for
Mission clients. This work ended on November 15. Other flood-recovery work
included winterizing and storing 500 travel trailers.

   In a Thanksgiving letter to North Dakotans, Governor Schafer declared
Thanksgiving 1997 as a Day of Prayer in North Dakota for all victims of the 1997
disaster. He stated in his letter that flood victims had received support from
50,000 relief agency volunteers, and warehouses full of donated food, clothing
and supplies from every state. Relief agencies provided 2 million meals to flood
victims.

   K. December

 In early December, North Dakota Emergency Management staff completed a Risk
Assessment in portions of the state affected most by the spring flood. Two teams
made up of planners, floodplain experts and engineers worked with officials of
18 counties to look at what effects flooding had or could have on their
jurisdictions. The purpose was to identify long-  [*232]  term and immediate
actions that could be implemented to reduce future flood losses and hardships.

   Grand Forks residents and businesses received an early Christmas present as
the North Dakota Tax Commissioner and Internal Revenue Service granted a second
extension for filing 1996 income tax returns. The deadline was extended to
January 13.

   During the holidays, Red River Valley flood victims received donations and
gifts from organizations throughout the nation. Those donations included a $ 2
million donation for rebuilding efforts from First American Bank, Bremer
Financial and the Otto Bremer Foundation. A Marshfield, Wis., church organized
the "Red River Valley Christmas" campaign and sent a tractor-trailer load of
donated goods. North Dakotans sent Christmas ornaments to Grand Forks residents,
and school children sent toys and games to Grand Forks schools.

   Governor Schafer requested additional federal assistance on December 11,
asking the USDA for a Secretarial Disaster Designation for all eligible North
Dakota counties. This additional disaster assistance would provide emergency
loans and debt restructuring to agricultural producers and agricultural-related
businesses. State and local USDA Emergency Boards compiled damage assessment
reports to support the request and assist in eligibility determination.

   IV. A New Year--1998

   A. January 1998

 On New Year's Day, a fire at Belmont Elementary School in Grand Forks destroyed
temporary classrooms and a food facility established after last spring's flood
caused extensive flood damage to the school. Within a few days, FEMA and North
Dakota Emergency Management had approved a $ 649,000 grant to the Grand Forks
School District to help with restoration of the fire-damaged buildings.

   With January came the anniversary of the first of North Dakota's two
catastrophic disasters. On January 12, Governor Schafer commemorated the
one-year anniversary of the first Presidential Major Disaster Declaration for a
Snow Disaster by announcing an initiative to plant 100 miles of living snow
fences. By planting rows of trees, supporters of the effort hope to reduce snow
drifting on roads, save the state $ 1 million annually in snow removal costs and
reduce the number of road closures. The Governor related that the interstate
system had closed 11 times because of snow and blizzard conditions in 1997.

   As the new year began, state, federal and local governments and their
residents also turned their attention to preparedness efforts for a potential
spring flood.

   The International Joint Commission issued 40 short-term recommendations to
prepare for potential floods in the Red River Basin in the next  [*233]  two
years. They included: alerting Red River Basin residents to the reality that
there is a statistical probability each year of a flood similar to the 1997
flood; conducting a meeting of senior federal, Canadian, provincial and state
officials in each country to undertake policy-level discussions and examination
of the flood; increasing liaison among emergency management organizations
throughout the Red River Basin; increasing adherence to floodplain management
policies and encouraging participation in the National Flood Insurance Program
(NFIP); implementing flood-proof mitigation measures for individuals and
communities; updating and enhancing existing forecast models based on 1997 data
and experience; and, monitoring the effects of El Nino on 1998 weather.

   In early January, the State EOC received word that Red River Basin river
water flows under the ice were as much as 200 percent of normal for this time of
year. Devils Lake waters promised to pose a threat for the seventh year. Lake
waters had frozen around 1,442 feet. The lake had been at that level throughout
late summer and fall, defying a recent trend for the lake. Until 1997, the lake
had been following a pattern of steep increases in the spring, peaking in July,
falling slightly in the fall, and rising somewhat through the winter.

   As part of their preparedness plans, North Dakota, Minnesota and federal
officials met in Fargo on January 13 to develop plans for possible ice dusting
missions. In 1997, the National Guard and State DOT had applied sand to the
Sheyenne and Red Rivers in an effort to enhance snow melt, reduce the formation
of ice jams and improve the flow of water during the spring melt.

   North Dakota Emergency Management and the USACE sponsored several interagency
flood preparedness meetings in late January for local officials during the week
at various locations along the Red River of the North.

   State emergency management officials received encouraging news about
participation in the NFIP. Statewide, the total number of policies grew from
3,872 to 12,445 in 1997, representing a 321 percent increase in the number of
policies. Additionally, there were 277 North Dakota communities enrolled in the
NFIP in 1997 compared to 241 in 1996.

   Many of the new NFIP policies were purchased by Grand Forks residents as part
of their disaster aid requirements. A survey of approximately 1,500 Grand Forks
residents by the UND indicated that only 19.8 percent had purchased flood
insurance before the 1997 spring flood disaster. UND also surveyed Grand Forks
city residents about their reasons for not purchasing flood insurance. UND said
approximately 76 percent of the respondents did not think the Red River would
crest above 49 feet. (The river crested at 54.1 feet.) Seventy percent believed
that dikes and other flood control measures would prevent personal property
damage, and 58 percent did not think that a flood would ever damage their homes.
The  [*234]  State Department of Insurance and the Institute for Business and
Home Safety in Boston sponsored the survey.

   As flood preparedness work began, disaster recovery remained a priority. By
mid-January, local North Dakota government had acquired 316 homes as part of the
fastest acquisition program in the state's and FEMA's history. The acquisition
project is approximately one-half of the way toward its goal of acquiring 626
substantially-damaged properties, through local government purchases. Additional
homes have, and will be, acquired with other funds, such as CDBG funding. North
Dakota Emergency Management hired a cultural resource field worker to complete
historical evaluations on Grand Forks homes located in floodplains and targeted
for acquisition.

   On January 12, the State of North Dakota, FEMA and the city of Grand Forks
signed an agreement that turned over FEMA's manufactured housing program to the
state. Under the terms of the agreement, the manufactured housing program
transferred from FEMA to the state, and in turn, to the city of Grand Forks,
which will administer the program through its Housing Authority. Costs will be
covered by FEMA, and the state will maintain an oversight role. At the time of
the agreement, there were 192 occupied manufactured homes, including 158 at
First Seasons Park, 28 at Princeton Park and six at private/commercial sites.

   In his 1998 State of the State Address on January 22, Governor Schafer
praised the resilience of North Dakotans to rebuild the state after last year's
catastrophic flooding. While disaster recovery is ongoing, Governor Schafer
stated that the following steps must be taken to prevent similar widespread
damages in the future: purchase of homes in flood-prone areas along the entire
Red River Valley to keep people and property out of the most dangerous places;
completion of a risk assessment of the Red River Valley to pinpoint
flood-related risks that might cause problems in future floods; "disaster proof"
registers of deeds offices to protect critical property and tax records; and
re-examine floodplain regulations to ensure they are adequate.

   Throughout January, North Dakota continued to receive disaster aid. Governor
Schafer received notification that North Dakota had been approved for a
Secretarial Disaster Designation by the USDA. The governor requested the
designation based on major flooding, excessive precipitation, serious drought,
severe heat, insect perils, disease, hail and damaging wind conditions that
occurred throughout the state from May 1 through October 31.

   The State Office of Intergovernmental Assistance received its final
allocation of $ 3.5 million in CDBG funds for flood-related recovery work. In
total, the agency had received $ 10.2 million in CDBG funds from HUD for
infrastructure repair, rental and owner-occupied building rehabilitation and new
construction projects. In total, the State of North Dakota, Grand  [*235]
Forks, Ramsey County/Devils Lake, Fargo, Richland, Grand Forks, Cass, Pembina,
Traill, Walsh and Mercer Counties received a total of $ 201.2 million in CDBG
funds.

   In other flood-recovery work, the Office of Intergovernmental Assistance's
Energy Office approved 3,650 furnace rebates for Red River Valley residents
whose homes and furnaces were damaged during the 1997 flood. Rebates totaling $
730,000 were issued to owners of single-family dwellings who had purchased
replacement high efficiency natural gas or propane furnaces between March 1 and
December 31, 1997.

   In addition to federal funds, North Dakota also received money from private
organizations for flood-recovery work. The State Department of Health and the
Grand Forks Public Health Department received more than $ 650,000 in
flood-related funding from the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation. One grant funded
an epidemiological surveillance program of flood- related physical and mental
health problems. A second grant was used by the State Department of Health to
study post-flood changes in health insurance coverage rates and utilization of
health care services. A third grant placed three public health nurses in Grand
Forks for two years, where they will provide services to public schools serving
flood-displaced students, senior citizens and residents of temporary housing
units.

   B. February

 North Dakotans counted their blessings in early February as the affects of El
Nino translated into a warm and dry winter. El Nino, an unusual warming of
eastern tropical Pacific Ocean waters that affects global weather patterns, was
expected to result in warmer temperatures and normal to slightly below normal
precipitation for North Dakota through June.

   The outlook, released February 13, indicated that with current conditions and
future normal precipitation and temperatures minor snowmelt flooding could occur
in the Red River Valley. Minor snowmelt flooding was defined by the NWS as a
general term indicating "minimal or no property damage, but possibly some public
inconvenience." While river ice and soil frost levels were below normal, soil
moisture was normal to above normal. The Red River had above normal base flows
because of the region's high water table.

   Hydrologists did not expect flooding to occur in the Missouri, James and
Souris River Basins. Devils Lake residents, however, received more disconcerting
news. NWS expected Devils Lake to rise to 1,443.5 or 1,444 feet by May or June.
If spring weather is warmer and drier than normal, the crest could occur in May
or June instead of mid-summer. The lake level is currently at 1,442.7 feet. Last
July, the lake rose to 1,443 feet, the highest level in recorded history. A
one-foot rise in Devils Lake waters this year could cause up to $ 20 million to
$ 30 million in additional damages to property and roads, the State Engineer
reported. A one-foot rise would enlarge  [*236]  the lake to around 105,000
acres, an increase of 5,000 acres from last summer. Approximately five more
shoreline homes would be lost if the lake rose one foot, according to the Ramsey
County Emergency Manager.

   Two weeks later, after a blizzard blanketed the state, the NWS upgraded the
spring flood potential for the Red River Valley. This revised forecast called
for minor to moderate flooding in the Red River Valley. Snow depths measured up
to eight inches and contained up to three inches of water equivalent. Moderate
flooding indicated that evacuation may be required, inundation of secondary
roads may occur, and property may have to be relocated to a higher elevation.

   Recent rain and snowfall and unseasonably mild temperatures caused gradual
increases in river levels throughout the Red River Basin. These factors pushed
river levels near or above flood stage. The Red River rose to 24.3 feet at
Fargo; flood stage is 17 feet. Upstream, the river was nearing its 10-foot stage
at Wahpeton. On February 27, the Wild Rice River at Abercrombie was 3.49 feet
above its 10-foot flood stage. Meanwhile, the Sheyenne River at Cooperstown had
risen to 11.73 feet; flood stage is 12 feet. These levels are not expected to
cause major threats to property and people.

   The revised Spring Snowmelt Flood Outlook narrative report also called for
Devils Lake to rise to 1,444 to 1,444.5 feet, a one-half-foot increase over the
February 13 forecast. Precipitation over the Devils Lake Basin in February
averaged one-half to 1.5 inches above normal. The level of Devils Lake at Creel
Bay had reached 1,442.86 feet on February 27.

   Concerns about future flooding continued into February as staff for the St.
Paul District of the USACE presented two options for permanent protective
measures for the city of Grand Forks. The Grand Forks and East Grand Forks City
Councils selected a levees-only protection system to protect their cities
against future flooding. The levee system, one of two options presented by the
U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (USACE), was estimated to cost approximately $
300.6 million. The other option was a levee-diversion combination with a
preliminary price tag of $ 932.2 million. That option proved too cost
prohibitive. The selection of the levees-only system means the USACE would begin
work with state and local officials to develop project details for subsequent
federal review.

   Other levees built in preparation for last spring's flood came under review.
A coordinated, senior-level interagency team began work with local governments
to determine whether temporary levees should be removed, relocated or allowed to
stay in place. Agencies represented included representatives of North Dakota
Emergency Management, State Water Commission, the NFIP, FEMA and USACE.

   During February, FEMA awarded more than $ 2.2 million in Public Assistance
funds for construction upgrades that will protect the Grand Forks water
treatment plant. The project would include protect flood-  [*237]  proofing
work, elevation of monitoring devices and upgrades to basement equipment.
Project plans call for the facility to operate independently for up to two weeks
during a major flooding event.

   State and federal disaster recovery officials announced February 19 that FEMA
had approved $ 524,039 for Minnewaukan's new sewage lagoon. This funding will
partially reimburse eligible costs that Minnewaukan has incurred since 1995 to
replace its sewage lagoon, which has been inundated by Devils Lake flood waters.

   Other federal aid included $ 700,000 that the Bank of North Dakota received
from the Affordable Housing Program of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Des Moines,
Iowa. The funds were used to assist low-income residents with home repairs.

   C. March

 In early March, flooding predictions changed for eastern North Dakota after the
Red River rose above flood stage at Grand Forks, Drayton and Oslo, Minn.,
causing limited flooding in low-lying areas. Rain and snowfall caused gradual
increases in river levels throughout the Red River Basin. Unseasonably mild
temperatures resulted in additional runoff, which contributed to the rises. The
Red River crested at 39.8 feet in Grand Forks on March 5. Flood stage is 28
feet. In response to river rises, city officials placed a crisafulli pump at
Belmont Road and 15th Avenue to pump water off the Lincoln Park Golf Course. The
river dropped below flood stage at Grand Forks on March 12.

   Downstream in Walsh County, rises in the Red River caused limited flooding in
low-lying areas. The river crested at 34.5 feet at nearby Oslo on March 10. The
river dropped below its 28-foot flood stage by March 13. Limited flooding also
occurred in Pembina County. Snow-blocked drains caused water to flow over two
township roads. Basement seepage was reported throughout the county because of
the area's high water table. The river at Drayton rose to 35.8 feet on March 10,
and dropped below its 32- foot flood stage on March 16.

   Revised predictions now called for moderate to major spring flooding along
the Pembina River, from the Canadian border to the river's confluence with the
Red River. The outlook called for the river at Walhalla to rise to 15 feet;
flood stage is 11 feet. The flood of record level is 16.2 feet. The river at
Neche is forecasted to rise to 24 feet. Flood of record was 24.5 feet in 1997.
(The river would crest at 20.6 feet at Neche and at 12 feet at Pembina on March
29.)

   The outlook also called for Devils Lake to peak more than two feet higher
than the 1997 record level of 1,443 feet. If precipitation is above normal and
evaporation is below normal, the lake could peak at 1,445.5 feet or higher. If
precipitation is below normal, the lake could peak below 1,445 feet.

    [*238]  State Emergency Management officials and the State Flood Disaster
Recovery Coordinator now estimated that the state share for the disaster
recovery costs related to Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) programs
implemented through the Major Presidential Disaster Declaration of April 7,
1997, will total about $ 18.5 million. This remains an estimate as final repair
liabilities and costs are still undetermined.

   By March 18, FEMA and State Emergency Management Public Assistance staffs to
date had received 4,376 Damage Survey Reports (DSRs) and had obligated funds for
4,133 DSRs. Survey work had been completed for 410 of the 440 applicants for the
1997 flood. At this time, nearly $ 121.3 million in infrastructure repairs,
emergency work and debris removal had been determined to be eligible statewide.

   The 1997 Spring Flood Individual and Family Grant Program, administered by
North Dakota Emergency Management, has approved to date nearly $ 14.2 million in
grants to individuals for flood losses. The average IFGP grant is $ 1,341. The
staff has closed 23,244 cases.

   The North Dakota Hazard Mitigation Team had obligated the entire $ 37 million
available through the Hazard Mitigation Grant Program (HMGP) for projects
designed to reduce or eliminate the risk of future flooding statewide. By
mid-March, nearly $ 31 million of those available funds had been approved, or
were pending FEMA approval. Projects included acquisition of properties in
floodplains and infrastructure enhancements to include sluice gates, flap gates
and lift stations.

   The Small Business Administration (SBA) has approved a total of $ 182 million
in low-interest loans for businesses and individuals. To date, the SBA has
received 11,707 loan applications, 6,967 of which have been approved. Of the
total amount of money loaned, 54 percent were to home owners and renters for
real estate and personal property losses, and 46 percent were to business owners
for repairs to businesses and for lost income.

   To date, 24,491 awards had been approved for nearly $ 54.2 million in
Disaster Housing assistance provided by FEMA.

   By March 23, North Dakota Emergency Management and FEMA had approved the city
of Grand Forks' application to begin demolishing 49 flood-damaged homes in the
Lincoln Park area. The city was acquiring homes under the Federal/State Hazard
Mitigation Grant Program (HMGP) and the Community Development Block Grant (CDBG)
program through the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development. Although
approximately 700 homes may eventually be part of the acquisition process, this
initial group of homes was identified by the city for the first round of
demolitions.

   In its final report, Job Service North Dakota reported that it had placed 803
people to work at 49 job sites as part of its Disaster Assistance Program (DAP).
The program assisted workers who lost their jobs because of a disaster and
public agencies and private nonprofit agencies in need of  [*239]  help with
their recovery efforts. DAP was funded by Title III of the Jobs Training
Partnership Act on April 22, 1997, under the National Reserve Account Disaster
Program. Job Service received a total of $ 4.5 million for the program. The
effective ending date is April 30, 1998, but Job Service has requested an
extension through June 30, 1998. The first workers started May 12, 1997. Workers
performed flood-related work in Grand Forks, Spirit Lake Nation at Devils Lake,
Wahpeton and Mayville. To date, 284 workers were still employed.

   The Federal/State Disaster Field Office (DFO) in Bismarck and the Satellite
DFO in Grand Forks closed March 20. A small FEMA program staff was slated to
remain in the state until May to continue to work with North Dakota Emergency
Management on remaining recovery issues.

   North Dakota Emergency Management issued its final Situation Report on the
1997 spring flood on March 23.


Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Military & Veterans LawServicemembersU.S. National GuardPublic Health & Welfare
LawSocial ServicesEmergency ServicesTransportation LawAir
TransportationPersonnelFlight Crews


                              494 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                            February 25, 2011 Friday

Belgium: Solidarity Fund: Commission proposes &#8364;8.6 million for Slovenian
and Croat regions hit by flooding

LENGTH: 624  words

DATELINE: Brussels


Brussels, Feb. 25 -- The European Commission has today proposed to allocate
&#8364;7.46 million to Slovenia and &#8364;1.17 million to Croatia from the EU
Solidarity Fund, following the devastation caused by floods in September 2010.
The money from the Solidarity Fund is aimed to finance emergency measures such
as relief operations, cleaning up the affected areas and repair of basic
infrastructure, made by national, regional and local authorities.

European Commissioner for Regional Policy, Johannes Hahn, responsible for the EU
Solidarity Fund, said: "With this decision we want to express our solidarity
with the people of Slovenia and Croatia, after the terrible floods which have
hit their countries. Unfortunately, we have seen an increase in the number of
applications for aid over the last few years, but the European Commission stands
ready to assist all Member States which have to deal with natural catastrophes."

From 17-22 September 2010, Slovenia and Croatia experienced unusually heavy
rainfall, which caused rivers to burst their banks, forced people to leave their
homes and damaged public infrastructure, private homes, agriculture and
businesses.

Slovenia

In November 2010, the Slovenian authorities applied for assistance from the EU
Solidarity Fund (EUSF). The Commission then checked whether the damage caused by
the disaster justified European intervention. The direct damage caused by the
flooding was estimated at &#8364;251.3 million, exceeding the damage threshold
for "major disasters" set for Slovenia at &#8364;217.669 million (i.e. 0.6% of
Slovenian GNI).

The disaster affected 137 of Slovenia's 210 municipalities and caused widespread
damage. In total, 8241 buildings were flooded, including the premises of 127
businesses. 91 bridges were damaged, as well as 2550 km of roads. 296 residents
were evacuated. Furthermore, Slovenia suffered damage to cultural heritage in
several areas, including the flooding of the entire historic centres of
Kostanjevica na Krki and Kr?ko, and damage to the Salt Pans near Piran. The EU
grant totalling &#8364;7.4 million will be used to re-finance emergency
measures, notably the cost in the field of water and waste water management.

Croatia

As accession countries can also benefit from assistance from the Solidarity
Fund, Croatia submitted its application to the Commission in November 2010.
Infrastructure, the farming sector and private property, especially in Western
Croatia, bore the brunt of the severe flooding. Significant damage was caused to
energy, water and waste water infrastructure, transport, education and health
infrastructure. This resulted in e.g. electricity blackouts and blockages of
road traffic which made it difficult to take immediate action.

The Croatian authorities estimated the total direct damage at &#8364;47 million,
which is less than the threshold of intervention fixed for this country
(&#8364;275.8 million). However, according to legislation, a country affected by
the same major disaster as a neighbouring country (in this case Slovenia) may
exceptionally benefit from the Solidarity Fund. This condition was taken into
account and the application was accepted on that basis. The &#8364;1.17 million
allocated to Croatia will be used mainly to reimburse the cost of operations for
cleaning-up of disaster stricken zones.

In order to release these two grants, the Commission will ask the budget
authority (the European Parliament and the Council of the European Union) to
adopt an amending budget to be incorporated into the Community budget Published
by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              495 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 14, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: WV Delegation Urges President to Include West Virginia in
Supplemental Appropriations Requests

LENGTH: 652  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Joe Manchin has issued the following news
release:



 Today, U.S. Senators Joe Manchin (D-WV) and Shelley Moore Capito (R-WV), along
with Representatives David McKinley, Alex Mooney and Evan Jenkins, sent a letter
to President Obama to express their full support for Governor Earl Ray Tomblin's
new request to include West Virginia in any Presidential supplemental
appropriations request that the Administration may submit to Congress.





 The delegation said in part: "In West Virginia, more than two months after the
deadly June floods that killed 23 people, eight counties remain under a state of
emergency. More than 5,000 homes and businesses were damaged during the disaster
and over 70 percent of all applicants incurred at least some FEMA-verified loss.
Unfortunately, much like Louisiana, the vast majority of the flooded homes and
businesses (nearly 90 percent) did not carry flood insurance at the time of the
disaster, and, according to FEMA estimates, the average grant award for each
eligible West Virginian will be less than $9,000. The challenge we face is clear
- without additional assistance, these individuals and the communities in which
they live simply cannot afford to rebuild."



 Please read the full letter below, or click here.



 Dear Mr. President:



 The hardworking men and women of West Virginia have pulled together to help
each other rebuild from the devastating one-in-a-thousand-year floods that
inundated their communities earlier this year and led to a major disaster
declaration on June 25, 2016 (DR-4273). While we are humbled by the heroic
actions of our first responders and the thousands of individual citizens who
helped friends, neighbors and complete strangers escape rising flood waters, we
now find ourselves unable to help many of these same individuals begin down
their own road to recovery, and we urge you to include West Virginia in any
Presidential supplemental appropriations request that your Administration may
submit to Congress.



 In West Virginia, more than two months after the deadly June floods that killed
23 people, eight counties remain under a state of emergency. More than 5,000
homes and businesses were damaged during the disaster and over 70% of all
applicants incurred at least some FEMA-verified loss. Unfortunately, much like
Louisiana, the vast majority of the flooded homes and businesses (nearly 90%)
did not carry flood insurance at the time of the disaster, and, according to
FEMA estimates, the average grant award for each eligible West Virginian will be
less than $9,000. The challenge we face is clear - without additional assistance
, these individuals and the communities in which they live simply cannot afford
to rebuild.



 We strongly support West Virginia Governor Earl Ray Tomblin's request for $310
million in disaster funding for the Community Development Block Grant (CDBG-DR)
program to address the critical unmet needs of our constituents. The additional
CDBG-DR funding requested by the Governor would help homeowners rebuild safer
and stronger. It would give our small businesses an opportunity to reinvest in
the communities on which they depend. It would give these communities the
resources they need to reduce their exposure to flood threats and promote
sustainable development for decades to come. It would be a shame to miss this
opportunity. While the scope and scale of this disaster may seem relatively
small to some, we cannot forget the 23 men, women and children whom we lost
during these floods.



 This was one of the deadliest disasters our country has experienced this year,
and we owe it to the memory of those that we lost to do everything in our power
to ensure a tragedy like this never happens here again.



 Thank you for your prompt attention to this matter.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              496 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 14, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: WV Delegation Urges President to Include West Virginia in
Supplemental Appropriations Requests

LENGTH: 652  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Joe Manchin has issued the following news
release:



 Today, U.S. Senators Joe Manchin (D-WV) and Shelley Moore Capito (R-WV), along
with Representatives David McKinley, Alex Mooney and Evan Jenkins, sent a letter
to President Obama to express their full support for Governor Earl Ray Tomblin's
new request to include West Virginia in any Presidential supplemental
appropriations request that the Administration may submit to Congress.





 The delegation said in part: "In West Virginia, more than two months after the
deadly June floods that killed 23 people, eight counties remain under a state of
emergency. More than 5,000 homes and businesses were damaged during the disaster
and over 70 percent of all applicants incurred at least some FEMA-verified loss.
Unfortunately, much like Louisiana, the vast majority of the flooded homes and
businesses (nearly 90 percent) did not carry flood insurance at the time of the
disaster, and, according to FEMA estimates, the average grant award for each
eligible West Virginian will be less than $9,000. The challenge we face is clear
- without additional assistance, these individuals and the communities in which
they live simply cannot afford to rebuild."



 Please read the full letter below, or click here.



 Dear Mr. President:



 The hardworking men and women of West Virginia have pulled together to help
each other rebuild from the devastating one-in-a-thousand-year floods that
inundated their communities earlier this year and led to a major disaster
declaration on June 25, 2016 (DR-4273). While we are humbled by the heroic
actions of our first responders and the thousands of individual citizens who
helped friends, neighbors and complete strangers escape rising flood waters, we
now find ourselves unable to help many of these same individuals begin down
their own road to recovery, and we urge you to include West Virginia in any
Presidential supplemental appropriations request that your Administration may
submit to Congress.



 In West Virginia, more than two months after the deadly June floods that killed
23 people, eight counties remain under a state of emergency. More than 5,000
homes and businesses were damaged during the disaster and over 70% of all
applicants incurred at least some FEMA-verified loss. Unfortunately, much like
Louisiana, the vast majority of the flooded homes and businesses (nearly 90%)
did not carry flood insurance at the time of the disaster, and, according to
FEMA estimates, the average grant award for each eligible West Virginian will be
less than $9,000. The challenge we face is clear - without additional assistance
, these individuals and the communities in which they live simply cannot afford
to rebuild.



 We strongly support West Virginia Governor Earl Ray Tomblin's request for $310
million in disaster funding for the Community Development Block Grant (CDBG-DR)
program to address the critical unmet needs of our constituents. The additional
CDBG-DR funding requested by the Governor would help homeowners rebuild safer
and stronger. It would give our small businesses an opportunity to reinvest in
the communities on which they depend. It would give these communities the
resources they need to reduce their exposure to flood threats and promote
sustainable development for decades to come. It would be a shame to miss this
opportunity. While the scope and scale of this disaster may seem relatively
small to some, we cannot forget the 23 men, women and children whom we lost
during these floods.



 This was one of the deadliest disasters our country has experienced this year,
and we owe it to the memory of those that we lost to do everything in our power
to ensure a tragedy like this never happens here again.



 Thank you for your prompt attention to this matter.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              497 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Chico Enterprise-Record (California)

                            June 10, 2015 Wednesday

Millions in drought-relief money is still unspent

BYLINE: By Fenit Nirappil and Scott Smith

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 942 words


FIREBAUGH >> More than $340 million that was supposed to be rushed to
drought-stricken California communities sits unspent in government bank accounts
more than a year after lawmakers voted to use the money to provide water,
protect wells from contamination and upgrade outdated water systems.

Although millions of dollars from the same drought-assistance package have
helped parched communities across the state, the amount of money that remains
untapped shows how slowly the wheels of government can turn even in a crisis.

State officials acknowledge the slow pace of the spending, which they say is
meant to ensure that the money is used wisely.

Money Â» Page 5

But some say they would like to find ways to speed up the process.

Weeks after he declared a state of emergency, Gov. Jerry Brown's administration
set aside $687 million to help house farmworkers and others struggling in
drought-devastated counties. Nearly half of it has not been awarded or spent,
according to figures provided to The Associated Press by the state Finance
Department.

The package included some $239 million intended for local water systems such as
pipelines and water-treatment plants. Those projects will not be awarded until
fall, which is considered on schedule even though lawmakers called the projects
"shovel-ready."

"A term like 'shovel-ready' implies that this is going to start happening"
immediately or the next day, "when in reality, it's going to be many months,"
said Steve Boilard, a former nonpartisan policy analyst who leads the Center for
California Studies at Sacramento State University. "The issue is not that this
is taking longer than it should. It's taking longer than the voters have been
led to expect."

Administration officials defend their handling of the money.

"Where there have been immediate needs, the state has committed immediate
dollars," said H.D. Palmer, spokesman for the Finance Department. "We want to
spend it quickly, but we want to spend it properly."

The Brown administration's efforts have made a difference to city dwellers,
farmers and wildlife hurt by the driest conditions in recent memory. Eleven new
wells are tapping more underground water for Los Angeles. Slow-trickling valves
have replaced sprinklers on 200 acres of farmland near Santa Maria. A vanishing
pond near Sacramento has been replenished, protecting a popular breeding ground
for the threatened giant garter snake.

But large chunks of the money were slow to reach Californians hit hardest by the
drought.

The state set aside $21 million for housing assistance. Of that, $10 million in
state money was spent, but only a fraction of $11 million from federal housing
grants was tapped.

Instead, millions of unspent dollars were rolled back into general housing
programs, said Evan Gerberding, a spokeswoman for the California Department of
Housing and Community Development.

Only small, low-income communities were eligible to apply for the federal money.
Many of those towns, she said, are often unable to manage money that must be
turned around quickly, or they do not see it as their role.

The administration took more than a year to nearly exhaust $25 million for food
banks in counties dealing with drought-related job losses.

Michael Weston, a spokesman for the state Department of Social Services, said
the funding was spread out in installments, rather than buying all the food at
once. To date, more than 650,000 boxes of food have been provided to people such
as Fidel Fraga, 63, who was laid off three months ago from his job driving a
tractor at a farm that grows tomatoes, cotton and almonds.

Every two weeks, Fraga and hundreds of other unemployed farmworkers gather at a
park in Firebaugh, a Central Valley town 50 miles from Fresno. They line up to
get a numbered ticket marking their place in line and wait for trucks to deliver
boxes of rice, oatmeal and canned vegetables. Some people collect one box. Those
with large families receive several boxes.

"I'd prefer to be working than asking for food," Fraga said in Spanish.

When the trucks arrive, he serves as a volunteer, lifting the 30-pound boxes
into the back of pickups belonging to other jobless farmworkers. When his turn
comes, Fraga stops and collects his own food that will help feed him and his
family.

"There's just a little bit of work," he said, blaming the drought. "I'm
desperate."

Last year, the state government offered help to communities looking to boost
water supplies by accelerating the spending of $472 million that was approved by
voters for water projects in 2006.

About half that money was awarded by the Department of Water Resources last
fall, but some of those projects have yet to see construction begin because
local governments are still looking for the best deals and securing other
sources of funding.

The state takes time for a reason. If officials are too quick to spend, they
risk paying for shoddy work by unqualified companies and inflicting
unintentional environment damage.

Still, some say the urgency of the drought demands quicker action. Democrats in
the state Senate called on the governor's administration to get water-use
efficiency projects started in months rather than years.

At a Senate oversight hearing, Mark Cowin, director of the Department of Water
Resources, conceded that his agency could do more to get money out the door,
including drafting guidelines for grants faster.

Brown acknowledged the government's slow pace in March when announcing the
latest round of emergency drought spending.

"It's just the nature of the beast," the governor said, "that things don't go as
fast as the system seems to want."

Nirappil reported from Sacramento.

Money

From Page 1

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2015 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              498 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Oroville Mercury Register (California)

                            June 10, 2015 Wednesday

Millions in drought-relief money is still unspent

BYLINE: By Fenit Nirappil and Scott Smith

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 942 words


FIREBAUGH >> More than $340 million that was supposed to be rushed to
drought-stricken California communities sits unspent in government bank accounts
more than a year after lawmakers voted to use the money to provide water,
protect wells from contamination and upgrade outdated water systems.

Although millions of dollars from the same drought-assistance package have
helped parched communities across the state, the amount of money that remains
untapped shows how slowly the wheels of government can turn even in a crisis.

State officials acknowledge the slow pace of the spending, which they say is
meant to ensure that the money is used wisely. But some say they would like to
find ways to speed up the process.

Money Â» Page 5

Weeks after he declared a state of emergency, Gov. Jerry Brown's administration
set aside $687 million to help house farmworkers and others struggling in
drought-devastated counties. Nearly half of it has not been awarded or spent,
according to figures provided to The Associated Press by the state Finance
Department.

The package included some $239 million intended for local water systems such as
pipelines and water-treatment plants. Those projects will not be awarded until
fall, which is considered on schedule even though lawmakers called the projects
"shovel-ready."

"A term like 'shovel-ready' implies that this is going to start happening"
immediately or the next day, "when in reality, it's going to be many months,"
said Steve Boilard, a former nonpartisan policy analyst who leads the Center for
California Studies at Sacramento State University. "The issue is not that this
is taking longer than it should. It's taking longer than the voters have been
led to expect."

Administration officials defend their handling of the money.

"Where there have been immediate needs, the state has committed immediate
dollars," said H.D. Palmer, spokesman for the Finance Department. "We want to
spend it quickly, but we want to spend it properly."

The Brown administration's efforts have made a difference to city dwellers,
farmers and wildlife hurt by the driest conditions in recent memory. Eleven new
wells are tapping more underground water for Los Angeles. Slow-trickling valves
have replaced sprinklers on 200 acres of farmland near Santa Maria. A vanishing
pond near Sacramento has been replenished, protecting a popular breeding ground
for the threatened giant garter snake.

But large chunks of the money were slow to reach Californians hit hardest by the
drought.

The state set aside $21 million for housing assistance. Of that, $10 million in
state money was spent, but only a fraction of $11 million from federal housing
grants was tapped.

Instead, millions of unspent dollars were rolled back into general housing
programs, said Evan Gerberding, a spokeswoman for the California Department of
Housing and Community Development.

Only small, low-income communities were eligible to apply for the federal money.
Many of those towns, she said, are often unable to manage money that must be
turned around quickly, or they do not see it as their role.

The administration took more than a year to nearly exhaust $25 million for food
banks in counties dealing with drought-related job losses.

Michael Weston, a spokesman for the state Department of Social Services, said
the funding was spread out in installments, rather than buying all the food at
once. To date, more than 650,000 boxes of food have been provided to people such
as Fidel Fraga, 63, who was laid off three months ago from his job driving a
tractor at a farm that grows tomatoes, cotton and almonds.

Every two weeks, Fraga and hundreds of other unemployed farmworkers gather at a
park in Firebaugh, a Central Valley town 50 miles from Fresno. They line up to
get a numbered ticket marking their place in line and wait for trucks to deliver
boxes of rice, oatmeal and canned vegetables. Some people collect one box. Those
with large families receive several boxes.

"I'd prefer to be working than asking for food," Fraga said in Spanish.

When the trucks arrive, he serves as a volunteer, lifting the 30-pound boxes
into the back of pickups belonging to other jobless farmworkers. When his turn
comes, Fraga stops and collects his own food that will help feed him and his
family.

"There's just a little bit of work," he said, blaming the drought. "I'm
desperate."

Last year, the state government offered help to communities looking to boost
water supplies by accelerating the spending of $472 million that was approved by
voters for water projects in 2006.

About half that money was awarded by the Department of Water Resources last
fall, but some of those projects have yet to see construction begin because
local governments are still looking for the best deals and securing other
sources of funding.

The state takes time for a reason. If officials are too quick to spend, they
risk paying for shoddy work by unqualified companies and inflicting
unintentional environment damage.

Still, some say the urgency of the drought demands quicker action. Democrats in
the state Senate called on the governor's administration to get water-use
efficiency projects started in months rather than years.

At a Senate oversight hearing, Mark Cowin, director of the Department of Water
Resources, conceded that his agency could do more to get money out the door,
including drafting guidelines for grants faster.

Brown acknowledged the government's slow pace in March when announcing the
latest round of emergency drought spending.

"It's just the nature of the beast," the governor said, "that things don't go as
fast as the system seems to want."

Nirappil reported from Sacramento.

Money

From Page 1

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2015 Oroville Mercury Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              499 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 17, 2016 Thursday

Washington: SPEECH OF HON. JOHN CONYERS, JR. OF MICHIGAN IN THE HOUSE OF
REPRESENTATIVES WEDNESDAY, MARCH 16, 2016

LENGTH: 1057  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: The Library of Congress, The Government of USA has issued the
following Speech:



     Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, the Emergency Financial Manager Reform Act of
2016 is intended to ensure that state-appointed emergency financial managers for
municipalities in fiscal distress do not violate Constitutional protections,
ensure public health and safety, and are accountable stewards of taxpayer funds.
The bill responds to problems presented when unaccountable emergency financial
managers usurp local elected officials and unilaterally make decisions that
jeopardize public health and safety.





     Across our Nation, there are many cities in financial distress still
struggling to recover from the Great Recession and other factors undermining
their economic recovery. While most states work cooperatively with their cities
to foster economic stability and growth, others such as my home state of
Michigan, use draconian, autocratic laws that usurp local elected officials and
replace them with unaccountable political appointees--typically known as
emergency financial managers--who, through their vast powers, can jeopardize the
health and safety of those who live and work in these struggling cities.



     In Michigan, for example, the root cause of the hazardous condition of
Flint's lead-contaminated drinking water and the Detroit Public School System's
buildings is the unaccountable emergency financial managers appointed by our
Governor, Rick Snyder. This law and its implementation threaten not only our
citizens' health and safety, but our fundamental Constitutional values and
principles.



     In addition, extreme emergency financial manager laws frequently facilitate
conflicts of interest and mismanagement and can be used to contravene important
federal and state constitutional protections for collective bargaining
agreements. They can authorize emergency financial managers to unilaterally
reject collective bargaining agreements and other contractual obligations and
thereby negate years of hard earned worker pension benefits. These are not just
problems in Michigan, as it has been suggested that Atlantic City, which is also
in financial distress, be taken over by an unaccountable emergency financial
manager with broad powers similar to those available in Michigan.



     The Emergency Financial Manager Reform Act responds to these serious
concerns by authorizing the Attorney General to reallocate five percent of the
law enforcement funds that would otherwise be allocated to a state under the
Edward Byrne Justice Assistance Grant Program (Byrne-JAG), which provides
funding to states for law enforcement purposes, if it is determined that the
state appointed emergency financial manager violates any one of seven common
sense safeguards:



     Protection Against Discriminatory Impact on Voting--This provision requires
the state that has appointed an emergency financial manager to submit a
certification to the Attorney General (and every 18 months after such
appointment if the tenure of the emergency financial manager continues beyond
such period) that the appointment: (A) has neither the purpose nor the effect of
denying, abridging, or diluting the right to vote on account of race or color;
and (B) the community for which the emergency financial manager is sought to be
appointed has had an opportunity to comment, on the impact of such appointment
may have on voting rights.



     Protection Against States Ignoring Adverse Impacts on Voting Rights--This
provision requires the Attorney General to receive copies of all public comments
submitted in response to the notice required above and to interpose an objection
to the certification.



     Protection Against Harm to Public Health and Safety--This provision
requires the emergency financial manager before making decisions affecting
public health or safety, including the disbursement of any emergency funds
provided by any federal or state entity for the purpose of addressing lead or
other contamination of drinking water in a public water system, to receive prior
approval from the governor and local elected officials.



     Protection Against Conflicts of Interest, Mismanagement, and Abuse of
Discretion--This provision requires the emergency financial manager to have
adequate oversight to ensure against conflicts of interest, mismanagement, and
abuse of discretion.



     Protection Against Unilateral Rejection of Other Contracts--This provision
provides that the emergency financial manager may not reject, modify, or
terminate an existing contract without mutual consent or unless such rejection,
modification, or termination is approved by a federal bankruptcy court.



     Protection Against Rejection of Collective Bargaining Agreements--This
provision provides that the emergency financial manager may not reject, modify,
or terminate a collective bargaining agreement without mutual consent of the
parties.



     Protection Against the Failure to Provide Public Notice and Opportunity to
Comment--This provision ensures that the public--before an emergency financial
manager is appointed--is provided notice and the opportunity to comment on
whether the appointee has any conflicts of interest, whether he or she has the
requisite experience and financial acumen, and whether the appointee is
empowered to propose sources of financial assistance, such as loans, grants and
revenue sharing. The public must also be given the name of a state official
designated to received complaints from the public about the appointee's
conflicts of interest, mismanagement, or dereliction of duty.



     The objective of the legislation is not to deny Byrne-JAG grant funds, but
rather to incentivize the states to protect their citizens against these risks
and abuses when emergency financial managers are appointed. However, if in the
event the finds are withheld, they are directly reallocated to the local
government for which an emergency financial manager is appointed.



     We can and must stand together to make sure that the unaccountable
emergency financial managers responsible for these man-made disasters--and the
legal system that empowered them--are not permitted to inflict further harm on
our citizens.



 In case of aany query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              500 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 17, 2016 Thursday

Washington: SPEECH OF HON. JOHN CONYERS, JR. OF MICHIGAN IN THE HOUSE OF
REPRESENTATIVES WEDNESDAY, MARCH 16, 2016

LENGTH: 1057  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: The Library of Congress, The Government of USA has issued the
following Speech:



     Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, the Emergency Financial Manager Reform Act of
2016 is intended to ensure that state-appointed emergency financial managers for
municipalities in fiscal distress do not violate Constitutional protections,
ensure public health and safety, and are accountable stewards of taxpayer funds.
The bill responds to problems presented when unaccountable emergency financial
managers usurp local elected officials and unilaterally make decisions that
jeopardize public health and safety.





     Across our Nation, there are many cities in financial distress still
struggling to recover from the Great Recession and other factors undermining
their economic recovery. While most states work cooperatively with their cities
to foster economic stability and growth, others such as my home state of
Michigan, use draconian, autocratic laws that usurp local elected officials and
replace them with unaccountable political appointees--typically known as
emergency financial managers--who, through their vast powers, can jeopardize the
health and safety of those who live and work in these struggling cities.



     In Michigan, for example, the root cause of the hazardous condition of
Flint's lead-contaminated drinking water and the Detroit Public School System's
buildings is the unaccountable emergency financial managers appointed by our
Governor, Rick Snyder. This law and its implementation threaten not only our
citizens' health and safety, but our fundamental Constitutional values and
principles.



     In addition, extreme emergency financial manager laws frequently facilitate
conflicts of interest and mismanagement and can be used to contravene important
federal and state constitutional protections for collective bargaining
agreements. They can authorize emergency financial managers to unilaterally
reject collective bargaining agreements and other contractual obligations and
thereby negate years of hard earned worker pension benefits. These are not just
problems in Michigan, as it has been suggested that Atlantic City, which is also
in financial distress, be taken over by an unaccountable emergency financial
manager with broad powers similar to those available in Michigan.



     The Emergency Financial Manager Reform Act responds to these serious
concerns by authorizing the Attorney General to reallocate five percent of the
law enforcement funds that would otherwise be allocated to a state under the
Edward Byrne Justice Assistance Grant Program (Byrne-JAG), which provides
funding to states for law enforcement purposes, if it is determined that the
state appointed emergency financial manager violates any one of seven common
sense safeguards:



     Protection Against Discriminatory Impact on Voting--This provision requires
the state that has appointed an emergency financial manager to submit a
certification to the Attorney General (and every 18 months after such
appointment if the tenure of the emergency financial manager continues beyond
such period) that the appointment: (A) has neither the purpose nor the effect of
denying, abridging, or diluting the right to vote on account of race or color;
and (B) the community for which the emergency financial manager is sought to be
appointed has had an opportunity to comment, on the impact of such appointment
may have on voting rights.



     Protection Against States Ignoring Adverse Impacts on Voting Rights--This
provision requires the Attorney General to receive copies of all public comments
submitted in response to the notice required above and to interpose an objection
to the certification.



     Protection Against Harm to Public Health and Safety--This provision
requires the emergency financial manager before making decisions affecting
public health or safety, including the disbursement of any emergency funds
provided by any federal or state entity for the purpose of addressing lead or
other contamination of drinking water in a public water system, to receive prior
approval from the governor and local elected officials.



     Protection Against Conflicts of Interest, Mismanagement, and Abuse of
Discretion--This provision requires the emergency financial manager to have
adequate oversight to ensure against conflicts of interest, mismanagement, and
abuse of discretion.



     Protection Against Unilateral Rejection of Other Contracts--This provision
provides that the emergency financial manager may not reject, modify, or
terminate an existing contract without mutual consent or unless such rejection,
modification, or termination is approved by a federal bankruptcy court.



     Protection Against Rejection of Collective Bargaining Agreements--This
provision provides that the emergency financial manager may not reject, modify,
or terminate a collective bargaining agreement without mutual consent of the
parties.



     Protection Against the Failure to Provide Public Notice and Opportunity to
Comment--This provision ensures that the public--before an emergency financial
manager is appointed--is provided notice and the opportunity to comment on
whether the appointee has any conflicts of interest, whether he or she has the
requisite experience and financial acumen, and whether the appointee is
empowered to propose sources of financial assistance, such as loans, grants and
revenue sharing. The public must also be given the name of a state official
designated to received complaints from the public about the appointee's
conflicts of interest, mismanagement, or dereliction of duty.



     The objective of the legislation is not to deny Byrne-JAG grant funds, but
rather to incentivize the states to protect their citizens against these risks
and abuses when emergency financial managers are appointed. However, if in the
event the finds are withheld, they are directly reallocated to the local
government for which an emergency financial manager is appointed.



     We can and must stand together to make sure that the unaccountable
emergency financial managers responsible for these man-made disasters--and the
legal system that empowered them--are not permitted to inflict further harm on
our citizens.



 In case of aany query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved
