
                               1 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 24, 2015 Tuesday

Rural Development Regulations-Update to FmHA References and to Census References

LENGTH: 61764  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Federal Register, Government of USA has issued the following news
release:


Action

Direct Final Rule.
Summary

Rural Development (RD) is amending its regulations by updating references to the
Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) and clarifying and updating references to the
census data. These actions will provide consistency in terminology between
program regulations. In addition, clarifying and updating references to census
data is needed to account for changes to the decennial Census, which, starting
with the 2010 decennial Census is no longer reporting income and unemployment
data. Additional revisions are being implemented to show the regulations that do
not apply to the Farm Service Agency (FSA) and to remove outdated or unnecessary
language.
Unified Agenda
Allocation Formulas

3 actions from August 3rd, 2000 to August 2003

August 3rd, 2000
        NPRM
        65 FR 47695
    October 2nd, 2000
        NPRM Comment Period End
    August 2003
        Final Action


Table of Contents Back to Top

DATES:
    ADDRESSES:
    FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT:
    SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:
    Classification
    Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance
    Executive Order 12372, Intergovernmental Review of Federal Programs
    Executive Order 12988, Civil Justice Reform
    Environmental Impact Statement
    Unfunded Mandates Reform Act
    Regulatory Flexibility Act
    Executive Order 13132, Federalism
    Executive Order 13175, Consultation and Coordination With Indian Tribal
Governments
    Paperwork Reduction Act
    E-Government Act Compliance
    I. Background and Discussion
    II. Discussion of Changes
    A. Farmers Home Administration (FmHA)
    B. Census References
    C. FSA Related Changes
    D. Outdated and/or Unnecessary Text in Those Parts and Subparts That Contain
Either Reference to Census Bureau or FmHA
    E. Other
    List of Subjects
    CHAPTER XVII--RURAL UTILITIES SERVICE, DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE
    PART 1709--ASSISTANCE TO HIGH ENERGY COST COMMUNITIES
    Subpart B--RUS High Energy Cost Grant Program
    Subpart C--Bulk Fuel Revolving Fund Grant Program
    PART 1714--PRE-LOAN POLICIES AND PROCEDURES FOR INSURED ELECTRIC LOANS
    Subpart A--General
    PART 1735--GENERAL POLICIES, TYPES OF LOANS, LOAN
REQUIREMENTS-TELECOMMUNICATIONS PROGRAM
    Subpart A--General
    Subpart B--Loan Purposes and Basic Policies
    PART 1737--PRE-LOAN POLICIES AND PROCEDURES COMMON TO INSURED AND GUARANTEED
TELECOMMUNICATIONS LOANS
    PART 1738--RURAL BROADBAND ACCESS LOANS AND LOAN GUARANTEES
    Subpart A--General
    PART 1739--BROADBAND GRANT PROGRAM
    PART 1740--PUBLIC TELEVISION STATION DIGITAL TRANSITION GRANT PROGRAM
    Subpart A--Public Televsion Station Digital Transition Grant Program
    PART 1774--SPECIAL EVALUATION ASSISTANCE FOR RURAL COMMUNITIES AND
HOUSEHOLDS PROGRAM
    Subpart A--General Provisions
    PART 1775--TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE GRANTS
    Subpart A--General Provisions
    PART 1776--HOUSEHOLD WATER WELL SYSTEM GRANT PROGRAM
    Subpart A--General
    PART 1777--SECTION 306C WWD LOANS AND GRANTS
    PART 1778--EMERGENCY AND IMMINENT COMMUNITY WATER ASSISTANCE GRANTS
    PART 1779--WATER AND WASTE DISPOSAL PROGRAMS GUARANTEED LOANS
    PART 1780--WATER AND WASTE LOANS AND GRANTS
    Subpart A--General Policies and Requirements
    Subpart B--Loan and Grant Application Processing
    PART 1781--RESOURCE CONSERVATION AND DEVELOPMENT (RCD) LOANS AND WATERSHED
(WS) LOANS AND ADVANCES
    PART 1783--REVOLVING FUNDS FOR FINANCING WATER AND WASTEWATER PROJECTS
(REVOLVING FUND PROGRAM)
    Subpart A--General
    CHAPTER XVIII--RURAL HOUSING SERVICE, RURAL BUSINESS-COOPERATIVE SERVICE,
RURAL UTILITIES SERVICE, AND FARM SERVICE AGENCY, DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE
    PART 1806--INSURANCE
    Subpart A--Real Property Insurance
    Subpart B--National Flood Insurance
    PART 1810--INTEREST RATES, TERMS, CONDITIONS, AND APPROVAL AUTHORITY
    Subpart A--Interest Rates, Amortization, Guarantee Fee, Annual Charge, and
Fixed Period
    PART 1822--Rural Housing Loans and Grants
    Subpart G--Rural Housing Site Loan Policies, Procedures, and Authorizations
    PART 1900--GENERAL
    Subpart C--Applicability of Federal Law
    Subpart D--Processing and Servicing Rural Development Assistance to
Employees, Relatives, and Associates
    PART 1901--PROGRAM-RELATED INSTRUCTIONS
    Subpart K--Certificates of Beneficial Ownership and Insured Notes
    PART 1902--SUPERVISED BANK ACCOUNTS
    Subpart A--Supervised Bank Accounts of Loan, Grant, and Other Funds
    PART 1910--GENERAL
    Subpart B--Credit Reports
    Subpart C--Commercial Credit Reports
    PART 1924--CONSTRUCTION AND REPAIR
    Subpart A--Planning and Performing Construction and Other Development
    Exhibit B to Subpart A [Amended]
    Exhibit C to Subpart A [Amended]
    Exhibit D to Subpart A [Amended]
    Exhibit H to Subpart A [Amended]
    Exhibit I to Subpart A [Amended]
    Exhibit J to Subpart A [Amended]
    Exhibit J to Subpart A [Amended]
    Exhibit J to Subpart A [Amended]
    Exhibit J to Subpart A [Amended]
    Exhibit K to Subpart A [Amended]
    Exhibit L to Subpart A [Amended]
    Subpart C--Planning and Performing Site Development Work
    Subpart F--Complaints and Compensation for Construction Defects
    PART 1925--TAXES
    Subpart C--Planning and Performing Site Development Work
    PART 1927--TITLE CLEARANCE AND LOAN CLOSING
    Subpart B--Real Estate Title Clearance and Loan Closing
    PART 1940--GENERAL
    Subpart I--Truth in Lending-Real Estate Settlement Procedures
    Subpart L--Methodology and Formulas for Allocation of Loan and Grant Program
Funds
    Subpart T--System for Delivery of Certain Rural Development Programs
    PART 1942--ASSOCIATIONS
    Subpart A--Community Facility Loan
    Subpart C--Fire and Rescue and Other Small Community Facilities Projects
    Subpart G--Rural Business Enterprise Grants and Television Demonstration
Grants
    PART 1944--HOUSING
    Subpart B--Housing Application Packaging Grants
    Subpart I--Self-Help Technical Assistance Grants
    Subpart K--Technical and Supervisory Assistance Grants
    Subpart N--Housing Preservation Grants
    PART 1948--RURAL DEVELOPMENT
    Subpart B--Section 601 Energy Impacted Area Development Assistance
    PART 1950--GENERAL
    Subpart C--Servicing Accounts of Borrowers Entering the Armed Forces
    PART 1951--SERVICING AND COLLECTIONS
    Subpart A--Account Servicing Policies
    Exhibit A to Subpart A of Part 1951--Notice to Agency Borrowers
    Subpart D--Final Payment of Loans
    Subpart E--Servicing of Community and Direct Business Programs Loans and
Grants
    Subpart F--Analyzing Credit Needs and Graduation of Borrowers
    Exhibit B to Subpart F [Amended]
    Subpart R--Rural Development Loan Servicing
    PART 1955--PROPERTY MANAGEMENT
    Subpart A--Liquidation of Loans Secured by Real Estate and Acquisition of
Real and Chattel Property
    Subpart B--Management of Property
    Exhibit A to Subpart B of Part 1955--Memorandum of Understanding Between the
Federal Emergency Management Agency and Rural Development
    Subpart C--Disposal of Inventory Property
    PART 1956--DEBT SETTLEMENT
    Subpart C--Debt Settlement--Community and Business Programs
    PART 1957--ASSET SALES
    Subpart A--Rural Housing Asset Sales
    PART 1962--PERSONAL PROPERTY
    Subpart A--Servicing and Liquidation of Chattel Security
    PART 1980--GENERAL
    Subpart E--Business and Industrial Loan Program
    Appendices A and B to Subpart E of Part 1980 [Removed and Reserved]
    Appendix D to Subpart E of Part 1980 [Amended]
    Appendix E to Subpart E of Part 1980 [Amended]
    Appendix F to Subpart E of Part 1980 [Removed and Reserved]
    Appendix K to Subpart E of Part 1980 [Amended]
    Exhibit G to Subpart E of Part 1980 [Amended]
    CHAPTER XXXV--RURAL HOUSING SERVICE, DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE
    PART 3550--DIRECT SINGLE FAMILY HOUSING LOANS AND GRANTS
    Subpart C--Section 504 Origination and Section 306C Water and Waste Disposal
Grants
    PART 3560--DIRECT MULTI-FAMILY HOUSING LOANS AND GRANTS
    Subpart A--General Provisions and Definitions
    Subpart B--Direct Loan and Grant Origination
    PART 3570--COMMUNITY PROGRAMS
    PART 3575--GENERAL
    Subpart A--Community Programs Guaranteed Loans
    CHAPTER XLII--RURAL BUSINESS-COOPERATIVE SERVICE AND RURAL UTILITIES
SERVICE, DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE
    PART 4274--DIRECT AND INSURED LOANMAKING
    PART 4279--GUARANTEED LOANMAKING
    Subpart A--General
    PART 4280--LOANS AND GRANTS
    Subpart A--Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant Program
    Subpart B--Rural Energy for America Program General
    Subpart D--Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program
    PART 4284--GRANTS
    Subpart A--General Requirements for Cooperative Service Grant Programs
    Subpart G--Rural Business Opportunity Grants
    PART 4288--PAYMENT PROGRAMS
    Subpart A--Repowering Assistance Payments to Eligible Biorefineries
    PART 4290--RURAL BUSINESS INVESTMENT COMPANY ("RBIC") PROGRAM
    Subpart B--Definition of Terms Used in Part 4290

DATES: Back to Top

This rule will become effective April 27, 2015 without further action unless the
Agency receives significant written adverse comments or written notices of
intent to submit adverse comments on or before March 26, 2015. If the Agency
receives significant adverse comments or notices, the Agency will publish a
timely notice in the Federal Register withdrawing those provisions on which
adverse comment were received.
ADDRESSES: Back to Top

You may submit adverse comments or notice of intent to submit adverse comments
to this rule by any of the following methods:

Federal eRulemaking Portal: http://www.regulations.gov. Follow the instructions
for submitting comments.
    Mail: Submit written comments via the U.S. Postal Service to the Branch
Chief, Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, U.S. Department of
Agriculture, STOP 0742, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-0742.

    Hand Delivery/Courier: Submit written comments via Federal Express Mail, or
other courier service requiring a street address, to the Branch Chief,
Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, U.S. Department of Agriculture, 300
7th Street SW., 7th Floor, Washington, DC 20024.

All written comments will be available for public inspection during regular work
hours at the 300 7th Street SW., 7th Floor address listed above.
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Back to Top

Kenneth Meardon, Policy Advisor, Rural Business-Cooperative Service, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, STOP 3201, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington,
DC 20250-3225; email: ken.meardon@wdc.usda.gov; telephone (202) 260-8296.
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Back to Top

Classification Back to Top

This rule has been determined to be not significant for purposes of Executive
Order 12866 and has not been reviewed by the Office of Management and Budget.
Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance Back to Top

RD's programs affected by this rulemaking are shown in the Catalog of Federal
Domestic Assistance (CFDA) with numbers as indicated:

10.350--Technical Assistance to Cooperatives

10.352--Value-Added Producer Grants (4284)

10.405--Farm Labor Housing Loans and Grants (3560)

10.410--Very Low to Moderate Income Housing Loans (Section 502 Rural Housing
Loans) (3550)

10.415--Rural Rental Housing Loans

10.420--Rural Self-Help Technical Assistance

10.427--Rural Rental Assistance Payments (3560)

10.433--Rural Housing Preservation Grants

10.438--Rural Rental Housing Program--Guaranteed Loans

10.441--Technical and Supervisory Assistance Grants

10.448--Rural Housing Service Multi-Family Housing Rural Housing Voucher
Demonstration Program (3560)

10.759--Special Evaluation Assistance for Rural Communities and Households
Program (SEARCH) (1774)

10.760--Water and Waste Disposal Systems for Rural Communities (1779, 1780)

10.761--Technical Assistance and Training Grants (1775)

10.762--Solid Waste Management Grants (1775)

10.763--Emergency Community Water Assistance Grants (1778)

10.766--Community Facilities Loans and Grants (3570, 3575)

10.767--Intermediary Relending Program (4274)

10.768--Business and Industry Guaranteed Loan Program (4279)

10.769--Rural Business Enterprise Grant Program

10.770--Water and Waste Disposal Loans and Grants (Section 306C) (1777)

10.771--Rural Cooperative Development Grants

10.773--Rural Business Opportunity Grant Program

10.781--Water and Waste Disposal Systems for Rural Communities--ARRA (1780)

10.782--Appropriate Technology Transfer for Rural Areas (4284)

10.850--Rural Electrification Loans and Loan Guarantees (1714)

10.851--Rural Telephone Loans and Loan Guarantees (1735)

10.854--Rural Economic Development Loans and Grants (4280)

10.857--State Bulk Fuel Revolving Fund Grants

10.858--RUS Denali Commission Grants and Loans

10.859--Assistance to High Energy Cost--Rural Communities (1709)

10.860--Rural Business Investment Program (4290)

10.861--Public Television Station Digital Transition Grant Program (1740)

10.862--Water and Waste Disposal Systems for Rural Communities (1776)

10.863--Community Connect Grant Program (1739)

10-864--Grant Program to Estabish a Fund for Financing Water and Wastewater
Projects (1783)

10.865--Biorefinery Assistance (4279)

10.866--Repowering Assistance Program (4288)

10.867--Bioenergy Program for Advanced Biofuels (4288)

10.868--Rural Energy for America Program (4280)

10.870--Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program

10.871--Small Socially-Disadvantaged Producer Grants (4284)

10.886--Rural Broadband Access Loans and Loan Guarantees (1738)

All active CFDA programs can be found at www.cfda.gov under "Department of
Agriculture, Rural Development." Programs not listed in this section or not
listed on the CFDA Web site but are still being serviced by RD will nevertheless
be covered by the requirements of this action.
Executive Order 12372, Intergovernmental Review of Federal Programs Back to Top

This action is not subject to the provisions of Executive Order 12372, which
requires intergovernmental consultation with State and local officials.
Executive Order 12988, Civil Justice Reform Back to Top

This rule has been reviewed under Executive Order 12988, Civil Justice Reform.
RD has determined that this rule meets the applicable standards provided in
section 3 of the Executive Order. Additionally, (1) all state and local laws and
regulations that are in conflict with this rule will be preempted; (2) no
retroactive effect will be given to the rule; and (3) administrative appeal
procedures, if any, must be exhausted before litigation against the Department
or its agencies may be initiated, in accordance with the regulations of the
National Appeals Division of USDA at 7 CFR part 11.
Environmental Impact Statement Back to Top

This document has been reviewed in accordance with 7 CFR part 1940, subpart G,
"Environmental Program." RD has determined that this action does not constitute
a major Federal action significantly affecting the quality of the human
environment and, in accordance with the National Environmental Policy Act (NEPA)
of 1969, 42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq., an Environmental Impact Statement is not
required.
Unfunded Mandates Reform Act Back to Top

This rule contains no Federal mandates (under the regulatory provisions of Title
II of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995) for State, local, and Tribal
governments or the private sector. Thus, this rule is not subject to the
requirements of sections 202 and 205 of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of
1995.
Regulatory Flexibility Act Back to Top

Under section 605(b) of the Regulatory Flexibility Act, 5 U.S.C. 605(b), RD
certifies that this rule will not have a significant economic impact on a
substantial number of small entities because the action will not affect a
significant number of small entities as defined by the Regulatory Flexibility
Act (5 U.S.C. 501). RBS made this determination based on the fact that this
action only impacts internal Agency procedures for determining how much of
available program funds are allocated to each state. Small entities will not be
impacted to a greater extent than large entities.
Executive Order 13132, Federalism Back to Top

The policies contained in this rule do not have any substantial direct effect on
states, on the relationship between the national government and the states, or
on the distribution of power and responsibilities among the various levels of
government. Nor does this rule impose substantial direct compliance costs on
state and local governments. Therefore, consultation with states is not
required.
Executive Order 13175, Consultation and Coordination With Indian Tribal
Governments Back to Top

This executive order imposes requirements on RD in the development of regulatory
policies that have Tribal implications or preempt tribal laws. RD has determined
that the rule does not, to our knowledge, have a substantial direct effect on
one or more Indian Tribe(s) or on either the relationship or the distribution of
powers and responsibilities between the Federal Government and Indian Tribes.
Thus, this rule is not subject to the requirements of Executive Order 13175. If
a Tribe determines that this rule has implications of which RD is not aware and
would like to engage with RD on this rule, please contact RD's Native American
Coordinator at (202) 690-1681 or AIAN@wdc.usda.gov
Paperwork Reduction Act Back to Top

There are no reporting and recordkeeping requirements associated with this rule.

E-Government Act Compliance Back to Top

RD is committed to complying with the E-Government Act, to promote the use of
the Internet and other information technologies, to provide increased
opportunities for citizens to access Government information and services
electronically.
I. Background and Discussion Back to Top

RD is amending numerous RD regulations in two broad areas--references to the
Farmners Home Administration and references to Bureau of Census data. For those
RD regulations affected by these two areas, RD is also making several additional
changes by updating the text with regard to applicability of the regulations to
the FSA; removing or updating outdated text, as applicable; and removing
unnecessary text.
II. Discussion of Changes Back to Top
A. Farmers Home Administration (FmHA)

Many RD regulations still contain references to the Farmers Home Administration,
or FmHA, which was the predecessor agency to both RD and FSA.

FmHA references most frequently encountered in RD regulations are in reference
to forms, instructions, and addresses. RD is either removing references that are
no longer necessary or updating the FmHA references to reflect the appropriate
entity, as applicable. New references will be to RD, Agency, to the specific RD
agency (Rural Business-Cooperative Service, Rural Housing Service, Rural
Utilities Service), to the "government," or to the United States, depending on
the context of the regulation. Where necessary in individual RD regulations,
definitions have been changed or added to reflect the new reference(s).
B. Census References

Many RD regulations refer to census data as the source to be used for various
popluation-, income-, and unemployment-related data. RD is amending those
portions of its regulations that reference U.S. Bureau of Census (Census Bureau)
and its data primarily due to changes in the data being reported by the Census
Bureau in the decennial Census.

Other changes are being implemented to further consistency among RD programs in
referencing sources to be used for population-related data requirements and
provisions and to provide clarification of how provisions are implemented.
Finally, RD is removing outdated or unnecessary text.

The following paragraphs discuss these changes.

1. Census Bureau data. RD allocates the funding for a number of its programs
using formulas that rely on data supplied by the Census Bureau, frequently as
found in the decennial Census. Most RD regulations refer to this as "using the
latest census data available" or similar language.

Starting with the 2010 census, however, the Census Bureau no longer reports
income data in the decennial Census. Thus, RD needs to identify an alternative
source for income-related data.

After examining several alternative data sources, RD determined that income data
published by the Census Bureau in the American Community Survey (ACS), as found
in the 5-year survey component of the ACS, provides the best source of data for
estimates of state-level income and poverty data, even though such are no longer
being published in the decennial Census. RD is also aware that the data
contained in the ACS may not meet the needs of a specific program and that the
ACS may at some point in the future be replaced or discontinued. For these
reasons, RD is using "5-year income data from the American Community Survey
(ACS) or, if needed, other Census Bureau data" to indicate the source of the
data to be used.

In some instances, RD regulations refer to using other data sources for
income-related data if the ACS or Census Bureau data are outdated. RD is
retaining that concept where it currently exists, but modifying the language to
address the revision noted in the preceding paragraph.

2. Consistency and clarification. As described below, RD is making several
changes to create consistency between the RD programs.

a. Whenever a regulation is directing the use of the decennial Census as the
data source, RD is using "the most recent decennial Census of the United States
(decennial Census)" consistently throughout the RD regulations. This change
brings consistency among the three RD agencies and their regulations.

b. RD regulations apply not only to what most people understand as the 50 states
of the United States, but also to the U.S. Virgin Islands, Puerto Rico, Guam,
American Samoa, the Marshall Islands, etc. The decennial Census does not report
population for most of these territories. Some, but not all, of the RD
regulations clearly identify how population data are to be obtained for these
other areas. To make this consistent, RD is revising text to make clear in all
its regulations the data sources to be used. Specifically, if the decennial
Census does not provide the applicable population information, then RD will
determine the applicable population data based on available population data.
C. FSA Related Changes

When they were operating as the Farmers Home Adminstration, RD and FSA shared
many regulations. With RD and FSA now separate entities, many of the regulations
in 7 CFR no longer apply to FSA. Some of these regulations have already been
identified as no longer being applicable to FSA. There are a few regulations,
however, that still need to be identified as no being applicable to FSA and RD
is adding text to that effect. The regulations are: 7 CFR 1900 subpart A, 7 CFR
1902 subpart A, and 7 CFR 1910 subpart B.
D. Outdated and/or Unnecessary Text in Those Parts and Subparts That Contain
Either Reference to Census Bureau or FmHA

Once RD identified those CFR parts that need updating with regard to references
to FmHA and the Census Bureau, RD also identified a number of other outdated or
unnecessary material, and thus is revising such material. In brief, these
changes:

Remove reference to Rand McNally and Company as an alternative source of
population data (7 CFR 1735.2, 7 CFR 1737.2);
    Remove references to a Federal Communications Commission Web site and to a
Census Tiger Map (7 CFR 1740.8(b)(1)(i) and (c)(1);
    Remove a series of Agency forms from 7 CFR 1980, Subpart E and their
conforming references. Specifically, RD will no longer publish in the CFR RD
forms identified as: (1) Appendix A, (2) Appendix B, (3) Appendix F, (4)
Exhibits A through C to Appendix I to Subpart E of Part 1980, and (5) Exhibits A
through C to Appendix K to Subpart E of Part 1980. The applicable forms will
continue to be available in RD offices and through RD's Web site;
    Remove reference to the year 2000 as it currently modifies "Census block" in
7 CFR 1709(b);
    Remove the first paragraph in the definition of Rural and rural area in 7
CFR 3575.1. This paragraph references Fiscal Year 1999 and is thus obsolete; and

    Update the reference to the Legislative Affairs and Public Information Staff
(LAPIS) with the Legislative and Public Affairs Staff (LAPAS) (7 CFR parts 1942,
1944, 1948, and 1980).

E. Other

For the Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant (REDLG) program, RD is
modifying both the definition of Rural or rural area" (7 CFR 4280.3) and the
scoring criterion associated with the decline in population for the county where
the project is physically located (7 CFR 4280.42(b)(7)).

RD is modifying the definition of "Rural or rural area" for REDLG to make the
definition consistent with the definition for "rural or rural area" found in the
Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP), whose definition is more
comprehensive and consistent with other definitions with Rural
Business-Cooperative Service programs.

RD is modifying the identified scoring criterion by adding reference to making
the calculation using the an "equivalent time frame" in those instances where
data is used from a data source other than the decennial Census.
List of Subjects Back to Top
7 CFR Part 1709

Administrative practice and procedure
    Electric utilities
    Grant programs--energy
    Rural areas

7 CFR Part 1714

Electric power
    Loan programs--energy
    Rural areas

7 CFR Part 1735

Loan programs--communications
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements
    Rural areas
    Telephone

7 CFR Part 1737

Loan programs--communications
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements
    Rural areas

7 CFR Part 1738

Broadband
    Loan programs--communications
    Rural areas
    Telecommunications
    Telephone

7 CFR Part 1739

Broadband
    Grant programs--Communications
    Rural areas
    Telecommunications
    Telephone

7 CFR Part 1740

Grant programs--Digital televisions; Communications
    Rural areas
    Television

7 CFR Part 1774

Community development
    Grant programs
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements
    Rural areas
    Waste treatment and disposal
    Water supply

7 CFR Part 1775

Business and industry
    Community development
    Community facilities
    Grant programs--housing and community development
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements
    Rural areas
    Waste treatment and disposal
    Water supply
    Watersheds

7 CFR Part 1776

Agriculture
    Community development
    Community facilities
    Credit
    Grant programs--housing and community development
    Nonprofit organizations
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements
    Rural areas
    Waste treatment and disposal
    Water pollution control
    Water resources
    Water supply
    Watersheds

7 CFR Part 1777

Community development
    Community facilities
    Grant programs--housing and community development
    Loan programs--housing and community development
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements
    Rural areas
    Waste treatment and disposal
    Water supply
    Watersheds

7 CFR Part 1778

Community development
    Community facilities
    Grant programs--Housing and Community development
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements
    Rural areas
    Waste treatment and disposal
    Water supply
    Watersheds

7 CFR Part 1779

Loan programs--housing and community development
    Rural areas
    Waste treatment and disposal
    Water supply

7 CFR Part 1780

Community development
    Community facilities
    Grant programs--housing and community development
    Loan programs--housing and community development
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements
    Rural areas
    Waste treatment and disposal
    Water supply
    Watersheds

7 CFR Part 1781

Community development
    Community facilities
    Loan programs--housing and community development
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements
    Rural areas
    Waste treatment and disposal
    Water supply
    Watersheds

7 CFR Part 1783

Business and industry
    Community development
    Community facilities
    Grant programs--housing and community development
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements
    Rural areas
    Waste treatment and disposal
    Water supply
    Watersheds

7 CFR Part 1806

Agriculture
    Flood insurance
    Loan programs--agriculture
    Loan programs--housing and community development
    Low and moderate income housing
    Rural areas

7 CFR Part 1810

Agriculture
    Loan programs--agriculture
    Loan programs--Housing and community development
    Low and moderate income housing
    Rural areas

7 CFR Part 1822

Loan programs--Housing and community development
    Low and moderate income housing
    Nonprofit organizations
    Rural areas

7 CFR Part 1900

Administrative practice and procedure
    Authority delegations (Government agencies)
    Conflict of interests
    Government employees
    Grant programs--agriculture
    Grant programs--housing and community development
    Loan programs--agriculture
    Loan programs--housing and community development
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements
    Rural areas

7 CFR Part 1901

Agriculture
    Civil rights
    Fair housing
    Grant programs--agriculture
    Grant programs--housing and community development
    Grant programs--Indians
    Historic preservation
    Indians
    Intergovernmental relations
    Loan Programs--agriculture
    Loan programs--housing and community development
    Marital status discrimination
    Minimum wages
    Religious discrimination
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements
    Rural areas
    Sex discrimination

7 CFR Part 1902

Accounting; Banks
    banking; Grant programs--agriculture
    Grant programs--housing and community development; Loan
programs--agriculture; Loan programs--housing and community development
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements

7 CFR Part 1910

Agriculture
    Credit
    Loan programs--agriculture
    Loan programs--housing and community development
    Low and moderate income housing
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements

7 CFR Part 1924

Agriculture
    Administrative practice and procedures
    Claims
    Credit
    Grant programs--housing and community development
    Housing Standards
    Loan programs-agriculture
    Low and moderate income housing
    Manufactured homes
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements
    Rural areas

7 CFR Part 1925

Agriculture
    Loan programs--agriculture
    Loan programs--housing and community development
    Low and moderate income housing
    Rural areas
    Taxes

7 CFR Part 1927

Agriculture
    Loan programs--agriculture
    Loan programs--housing and community development
    Low and moderate income housing
    Rural areas

7 CFR Part 1940

Agriculture
    Environmental protection
    Flood plains
    Grant programs--agriculture
    Grant programs-housing and community development
    Loan programs-agriculture
    Loan programs--housing and community development
    Low and moderate income housing
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements
    Rural areas
    Truth in lending

7 CFR Part 1942

Business and industry
    Community facilities
    Fire prevention
    Grant programs--business
    Grant programs--housing and community development
    Grant programs--Indians
    Indians
    Loan programs--agriculture
    Loan programs-housing and community development
    Loan programs--Indians
    Loan programs--natural resources
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements
    Rural areas
    Waste treatment and disposal
    Water supply
    Watersheds

7 CFR Part 1944

Administrative practice and procedure
    Aged
    Cooperatives
    Fair housing
    Grant programs--housing and community development
    Home improvement
    Individuals with disabilities
    Loan programs--housing and community development
    Low and moderate income housing
    Manufactured homes
    Migrant labor
    Rent subsidies
    Reporting requirements
    Rural areas

7 CFR Part 1948

Coal
    Community facilities
    Grant programs--housing and community development
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements
    Rural areas
    Uranium

7 CFR Part 1950

Accounting
    Loan programs--agriculture
    Loan programs--housing and community development
    Military personnel
    Rural areas

7 CFR Part 1951

Accounting
    Claims
    Community facilities
    Credit
    Disaster assistance
    Government employees
    Grant programs--housing and community development
    Housing
    Income taxes
    Loan programs--agriculture
    Loan programs--housing and community development
    Low and moderate income housing
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements
    Rural areas
    Wages

7 CFR Part 1955

Agriculture
    Drug traffic control
    Government property
    Loan programs--agriculture
    Loan programs--housing and community development
    Low and moderate income housing
    Rural areas

7 CFR Part 1956

Accounting
    Business and industry
    Claims
    Loan programs--agriculture
    Loan programs--housing and community development
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements
    Rural areas

7 CFR Part 1957

Loan programs--housing and community development
    Low and moderate income housing
    Rural areas

7 CFR Part 1962

Agriculture
    Bankruptcy
    Drug traffic control
    Government property
    Loan programs--agriculture
    Loan programs--housing and community development
    Rural areas

7 CFR Part 1980

Agriculture
    Business and industry
    Community facilities
    Credit
    Disaster assistance
    Livestock
    Loan programs--agriculture
    Loan programs--business
    Loan programs--housing and community development
    Low and moderate income housing
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements
    Rural areas

7 CFR Part 3550

Administrative practice and procedure
    Environmental impact statements
    Fair housing
    Grant programs--housing and community development
    Housing
    Loan programs--housing and community development
    Low and moderate income housing
    Manufactured homes
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements
    Rural areas

7 CFR Part 3560

Accounting
    Administrative practice and procedure
    Aged
    Conflict of interests
    Government property management
    Grant programs--Housing and community development
    Insurance
    Loan programs--Agriculture
    Loan programs--Housing and community development
    Low and moderate income housing
    Migrant labor
    Mortgages
    Nonprofit organizations
    Public housing
    Rent subsidies
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements
    Rural areas

7 CFR Part 3570

Administrative practice and procedure
    Fair Housing
    Grant programs--housing and community development
    ousing
    Low and moderate income housing
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements
    Rural areas

7 CFR Part 3575

Loan programs--agriculture

7 CFR Part 4274

Community development
    Loan programs--business
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements
    Rural areas

7 CFR Part 4279

Loan programs--business
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements
    Rural areas

7 CFR Part 4280

Loan programs--Business and industry
    Economic development
    Energy
    Energy efficiency improvements
    Feasibility studies
    Grant programs
    Guaranteed loan programs
    Renewable energy systems
    Rural areas

7 CFR Part 4284

Business and industry
    Community development
    Community facilities
    Grant programs--housing and community development
    Loan programs--housing and community development
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements
    Rural areas
    Waste treatment and disposal
    Water supply

7 CFR Part 4288

Administrative practice and procedure
    Energy--advanced biofuel
    Renewable biomass
    Reporting and recordkeeping

7 CFR Part 4290

Community development
    Government securities
    Grant programs--business
    Securities
    Small businesses

For the reasons discussed above, Rural Development is amending chapters XVII,
XVIII, XXXV, and XLII of title 7, of the Code of Federal Regulations as follows
CHAPTER XVII--RURAL UTILITIES SERVICE, DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Back to Top
begin regulatory text
PART 1709--ASSISTANCE TO HIGH ENERGY COST COMMUNITIES Back to Top
end regulatory text

1.The authority citation for part 1709 continues to read as follows:
Authority: Back to Top

5 U.S.C. 301, 7 U.S.C. 901 et seq.
begin regulatory text
Subpart B--RUS High Energy Cost Grant Program Back to Top
§ 1709.107 [Amended]

2.Amend § 1709.107(b) by removing "2000 Census block" and adding "Census block
according to the most recent decennial Census of the United States (decennial
Census)" in its place.

3.Revise § 1709.123(c)(2) to read as follows:
§ 1709.123 Evaluation criteria and weights.

* * * * *

(c) * * *

(2) Rurality. Priority consideration may be given to proposals that serve
smaller rural communities. Applications will be scored based on the population
of the largest incorporated cities, towns or villages or census designated
places included within the grant's proposed target area as determined using the
population figures from the most recent decennial Census. If the applicable
population figure cannot be based on the most recent decennial Census, RD will
determine the applicable population figure based on available population data.

* * * * *
Subpart C--Bulk Fuel Revolving Fund Grant Program Back to Top

4.Revise § 1709.210(c)(3) to read as follows:
§ 1709.210 Application process.

* * * * *

(c) * * *

(3) Assessment of needs and potential beneficiaries. The application must
provide estimates of the number, location and population of potentially eligible
areas in the State and their estimated fuel needs and costs. The section must
also describe the criteria used to identify eligible areas, including the
characteristics that make fuel deliveries by surface transport impossible or
impracticable. The description of beneficiary communities should provide a
detailed breakdown of the density profile of the area to be served by eligible
projects. Indicate to what extent persons in eligible areas live outside of
communities of 2,500 persons or more, communities of 5,000 or more or outside of
communities of 20,000 or more. All population estimates should be based on the
most recent decennial Census of the United States. If the applicable population
estimate cannot be based on the most recent decennial Census, RD will determine
the applicable population figure based on available population data. All
representations should be supported with exhibits such as maps, summary tables
and references to official information sources.

* * * * *
PART 1714--PRE-LOAN POLICIES AND PROCEDURES FOR INSURED ELECTRIC LOANS Back to
Top

5.The authority citation for part 1714 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

7 U.S.C. 901 et seq.; 1921 et seq.; and 6941 et seq.
Subpart A--General Back to Top

6.Revise the second and third sentences in § 1714.5(d) to read as follows:
§ 1714.5 Determination of interest rates on municipal rate loans.

* * * * *

(d) * * * The method used to determine this rate is set forth in the regulations
of the Rural Housing Service at 7 CFR 1942.17(f)(1) and (4). Pursuant to the RUS
rule, the interest rates are set using as guidance the average of the Bond Buyer
Index for the four weeks prior to the first Friday of the last month before the
beginning of the quarter. * * *

7.Revise § 1714.7(b)(2)(i) and (ii) to read as follows:
§ 1714.7 Interest rate cap.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(2) * * *

(i) To qualify under the consumer income test, the borrower must include in its
loan application information about the location of its residential consumers.
The borrower must provide to RUS, based on the most recent data available at the
time of loan application, either the number of consumers in each county it
serves or the number of consumers in each census tract it serves. Using 5-year
income data from the American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other Census
Bureau data, RUS will compare, on a weighted average basis, the average per
capita and median household income of the counties or census tracts served by
the borrower with state figures.

(ii) If there is reason to believe that the ACS or other Census Bureau data does
not accurately represent the economic conditions of the borrower's consumers,
the reasons will be documented and the borrower may furnish, or RD may obtain,
additional information regarding such economic conditions. Information must
consist of reliable data from local, regional, State, or Federal sources or from
a survey conducted by a reliable impartial source. The Administrator has the
sole discretion to determine whether such data submitted by the borrower is
sufficient to determine whether the borrower qualifies under the consumer income
test.

* * * * *
PART 1735--GENERAL POLICIES, TYPES OF LOANS, LOAN
REQUIREMENTS-TELECOMMUNICATIONS PROGRAM Back to Top

8.The authority citation for part 1735 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

7 U.S.C. 901 et seq., 1921 et seq., and 6941 et seq.
Subpart A--General Back to Top

9.In § 1735.2, revise the definition of "Rural area" to read as follows:
§ 1735.2 Definitions.

* * * * *

Rural area means any area of the United States, its territories and insular
possessions (including any area within the Federated States of Micronesia, the
Republic of the Marshall Islands, and the Republic of Palau) not included within
the boundaries of any incorporated or unincorporated city, village or borough
having a population exceeding 5,000 inhabitants. The population figure is
obtained from the most recent decennial Census of the United States (decennial
Census). If the applicable population figure cannot be obtained from the most
recent decennial Census, RD will determine the applicable population figure
based on available population data. For purposes of the "rural area" definition,
the character of an area is determined as of a time the initial loan for the
system is made.

* * * * *
Subpart B--Loan Purposes and Basic Policies Back to Top

10.Revise § 1735.10(g) to read as follows:
§ 1735.10 General.

* * * * *

(g) For the purpose of paragraph (a)(2) of this section, rural areas means any
area that is not located within a city, town, or incorporated area that has a
population of greater than 20,000 inhabitants or within an urbanized area
contiguous and adjacent to a city or town that has a population of greater than
50,000 inhabitants. For the purpose of the definition of rural area,

(1) The population figure is obtained from the most recent decennial Census of
the United States (decennial Census). If the applicable population figure cannot
be obtained from the most recent decennial Census, RD will determine the
applicable population figure based on available population data; and

(2) An urbanized area means a densely populated territory as defined in the most
recent decennial Census.
PART 1737--PRE-LOAN POLICIES AND PROCEDURES COMMON TO INSURED AND GUARANTEED
TELECOMMUNICATIONS LOANS Back to Top

11.The authority citation for part 1737 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

7 U.S.C. 901 et seq., 1921 et seq.; Pub. L. 103-354, 108 Stat. 3178 (7 U.S.C.
6941 et.seq.).

12.In § 1737.2, revise the definition of "Rural area" to read as follows:
§ 1737.2 Definitions.

* * * * *

Rural area means any area of the United States, its territories and possessions
(including any area within the Federated States of Micronesia, the Republic of
the Marshall Islands, and the Republic of Palau) not included within the
boundaries of any incorporated or unincorporated city, village or borough having
a population exceeding 5,000 inhabitants. The population figure is obtained from
the most recent decennial Census of the United States. If the applicable
population figure cannot be obtained from the most recent decennial Census, RD
will determine the applicable population figure based on available population
data. For purposes of the "rural area" definition, the character of an area is
determined as of a time the initial loan for the system is made.

* * * * *
PART 1738--RURAL BROADBAND ACCESS LOANS AND LOAN GUARANTEES Back to Top

13.The authority citation for part 1738 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

Pub. L. 107-171, 7 U.S.C. 901 et seq.
Subpart A--General Back to Top

14.In § 1738.2(a), revise the definition of "Rural area" to read as follows:
§ 1738.2 Definitions.

(a) * * *

Rural area means any area, as confirmed by the most recent decennial Census of
the United States (decennial Census), which is not located within:

(i) A city, town, or incorporated area that has a population of greater than
20,000 inhabitants; or

(ii) An urbanized area contiguous and adjacent to a city or town that has a
population of greater than 50,000 inhabitants. For purposes of the definition of
rural area, an urbanized area means a densely populated territory as defined in
the most recent decennial Census.

* * * * *
PART 1739--BROADBAND GRANT PROGRAM Back to Top

15.The authority citation for part 1739 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

Title III, Pub. L. 108-199, 118 Stat. 3.

16.In § 1739.3, revise the definition of "Rural area" to read as follows:
§ 1739.3 Definitions.

* * * * *

Rural area means any area, as confirmed by the most recent decennial Census of
the United States (decennial Census), which is not located within:

(1) A city, town, or incorporated area that has a population of greater than
20,000 inhabitants; or

(2) An urbanized area contiguous and adjacent to a city or town that has a
population of greater than 50,000 inhabitants. For purposes of the definition of
rural area, an urbanized area means a densely populated territory as defined in
the most recent decennial Census.

* * * * *
PART 1740--PUBLIC TELEVISION STATION DIGITAL TRANSITION GRANT PROGRAM Back to
Top

17.The authority citation for part 1740 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2005; Title III: Rural Development Programs;
Rural Utilities Service; Distance Learning, Telemedicine, and Broadband Program;
Pub. L. 108-447.
Subpart A--Public Televsion Station Digital Transition Grant Program Back to Top

§ 1740.8 [Amended]

18.Amend § 1740.8 by:

a. In paragraph (b)(1)(i), removing "http://www.fcc.gov/fcc-bin/audio/tvq.html"
and removing ", overlaid on a Census Tiger Map. The map also shows counties
covered" and

b. In paragraph (c)(1), removing the last sentence.
PART 1774--SPECIAL EVALUATION ASSISTANCE FOR RURAL COMMUNITIES AND HOUSEHOLDS
PROGRAM Back to Top

19.The authority citation for part 1774 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

7 U.S.C. 1926(a)(2)(C).
Subpart A--General Provisions Back to Top

20.In § 1774.2, revise the definitions of "Financially distressed area" and
"Rural area" to read as follows:
§ 1774.2 Definitions.

* * * * *

Financially distressed area. An area is considered financially distressed if the
median household income of the area to be served is either below the poverty
line or below 80 percent of the statewide non-metropolitan median household
income according to the 5-year income data from the American Community Survey
(ACS) or, if needed, other Census Bureau data. If there is reason to believe
that the ACS or other Census Bureau data does not accurately represent the
median household income of the area to be served, the reasons will be documented
and the borrower may furnish, or RD may obtain, additional information regarding
such median household income data. Information must consist of reliable data
from local, regional, State or Federal sources or from a survey conducted by a
reliable impartial source.

* * * * *

Rural area. For the purposes of this SEARCH program, any area not in a city or
town with a population of 2,500 or fewer, according to the most recent decennial
Census of the United States (decennial Census). If the applicable population
figure cannot be obtained from the most recent decennial Census, RD will
determine the applicable population figure based on available population data.

* * * * *
PART 1775--TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE GRANTS Back to Top

21.The authority citation for part 1775 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 16 U.S.C. 1005.
Subpart A--General Provisions Back to Top

22.In § 1775.2, revise the definition of "Rural area" to read as follows:
§ 1775.2 Definitions.

* * * * *

Rural area. Any area not in a city or town with a population in excess of
10,000, according to the most recent decennial Census of the United States. If
the applicable population figure cannot be obtained from the most recent
decennial Census, RD will determine the applicable population figure based on
available population data.

* * * * *
PART 1776--HOUSEHOLD WATER WELL SYSTEM GRANT PROGRAM Back to Top

23.The authority citation for part 1776 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

7 U.S.C. 1926e.
Subpart A--General Back to Top

24.In § 1776.3, revise the definition of "Eligible individual" to read as
follows:
§ 1776.3 Definitions.

* * * * *

Eligible individual means an individual who is a member of a household the
members of which have a combined income (for the most recent 12-month period for
which the information is available) that is not more than 100 percent of the
median nonmetropolitan household income for the State or territory in which the
individual resides, according to 5-year income data from the American Community
Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other Census Bureau data. If there is reason to
believe that the ACS or other Census Bureau data does not accurately represent
the median nonmetropolitan household income for the State or territory in which
the individual resides, the reasons will be documented and the applicant may
furnish, or RD may obtain, additional information regarding such median
household income data. Information must consist of reliable data from local,
regional, State or Federal sources or from a survey conducted by a reliable
impartial source.

* * * * *
PART 1777--SECTION 306C WWD LOANS AND GRANTS Back to Top

25.The authority citation for part 1777 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 16 U.S.C. 1005.

26.In § 1777.4, revise the definition of "Rural areas" to read as follows:
§ 1777.4 Definitions.

* * * * *

Rural areas. Includes unincorporated areas and any city or town with a
population not in excess of 10,000 inhabitants located in any of the 50 States,
the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the Western Pacific Territories, Marshall
Islands, Federated States of Micronesia, Republic of Palau, and the U.S. Virgin
Islands. The population figure is obtained from the most recent decennial Census
of the United States. If the applicable population figure cannot be obtained
from the most recent decennial Census, RD will determine the applicable
population figure based on available population data.

* * * * *

27.Revise § 1777.12(a)(1) to read as follows:
§ 1777.12 Eligibility.

(a) * * *

(1) Per capita income of the residents is not more than 70 percent of the most
recent national average per capita income, as determined by 5-year income data
from the American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other Census Bureau
data. If there is reason to believe that the ACS or other Census Bureau data
does not accurately represent the per capita income of the residents, the
reasons will be documented and the borrower/applicant may furnish, or RD may
obtain, additional information regarding such per capita income data.
Information must consist of reliable data from local, regional, State or Federal
sources or from a survey conducted by a reliable impartial source, and

* * * * *
PART 1778--EMERGENCY AND IMMINENT COMMUNITY WATER ASSISTANCE GRANTS Back to Top

28.The authority citation for part 1778 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301, 7 U.S.C. 1989; 16 U.S.C. 1005.

29.In § 1778.4, revise the definition of "Rural areas" to read as follows:
§ 1778.4 Definitions.

* * * * *

Rural areas. Includes any area not in a city or town with a population in excess
of 10,000 inhabitants located in any of the fifty States, the Commonwealth of
Puerto Rico, the Western Pacific Territories, Marshall Islands, Federated States
of Micronesia, Republic of Palau, and the U.S. Virgin Islands. The population
figure is obtained from the most recent decennial Census of the United States
(decennial Census). If the applicable population figure cannot be obtained from
the most recent decennial Census, RD will determine the applicable population
figure based on available population data.

* * * * *

30.Revise § 1778.10(a)(1) and (2) to read as follows:
§ 1778.10 Restrictions.

(a) * * *

(1) Assist any city or town with a population in excess of 10,000 inhabitants.
The population figure is obtained from the most recent decennial Census. If the
applicable population figure cannot be obtained from the most recent decennial
Census, RD will determine the applicable population figure based on available
population data. Facilities financed by RUS may be located in non-rural areas.
However, loan and grant funds may be used to finance only that portion of the
facility serving rural areas, regardless of facility location.

(2) Assist a rural area that has a median household income in excess of the
statewide nonmetropolitan median household income as determined by 5-year income
data from the American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other Census Bureau
data. If there is reason to believe that the ACS or other Census Bureau data
does not accurately represent the median household income of the rural area, the
reasons will be documented and the applicant may furnish, or RD may obtain,
additional information regarding such median household income data. Information
must consist of reliable data from local, regional, State or Federal sources or
from a survey conducted by a reliable impartial source.

* * * * *
§ 1778.13 [Amended]

31.Amend § 1778.13(b) by removing "decennial census of the United States" and
adding "decennical Census" in its place.
PART 1779--WATER AND WASTE DISPOSAL PROGRAMS GUARANTEED LOANS Back to Top

32.The authority citation for part 1779 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 16 U.S.C. 1005.

33.In § 1779.2, revise the definition of "Rural and rural area" to read as
follows:
§ 1779.2 Definitions.

* * * * *

Rural and rural area. Any area not in a city or town with a population in excess
of 10,000 inhabitants. The population figure is obtained from the most recent
decennial Census of the United States (decennial Census). If the applicable
population figure cannot be obtained from the most recent decennial Census, RD
will determine the applicable population figure based on available population
data.

* * * * *
PART 1780--WATER AND WASTE LOANS AND GRANTS Back to Top

34.The authority citation for part 1780 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 16 U.S.C. 1005.
Subpart A--General Policies and Requirements Back to Top

35.Revise the second, third, and fourth sentences of § 1780.1(b) to read as
follows:
§ 1780.1 General.

* * * * *

(b) * * * The median household income of the service area and the
nonmetropolitan median household income of the State will be determined from
income data from 5-year income data from the American Community Survey (ACS) or,
if needed, other Census Bureau data. If there is reason to believe that the ACS
or other Census Bureau data does not accurately represent the median household
income within the area to be served, the reasons will be documented and the
applicant may furnish, or RD may obtain, additional information regarding such
median household income data. Information must consist of reliable data from
local, regional, State or Federal sources or from a survey conducted by a
reliable impartial source. * * *

36.In § 1780.3, revise the definition of "Rural and rural areas" to read as
follows:
§ 1780.3 Definitions and grammatical rules of construction.

* * * * *

Rural and rural areas means any area not in a city or town with a population in
excess of 10,000 inhabitants. The population figure is obtained from the most
recent decennial Census of the United States (decennial Census). If the
applicable population figure cannot be obtained from the most recent decennial
Census, RD will determine the applicable population figure based on available
population data.

* * * * *

37.Revise § 1780.18(c)(2)(ii) to read as follows:
§ 1780.18 Allocation of program funds.

* * * * *

(c) * * *

(2) * * *

(ii) The data sources for each criterion identified in paragraph (c)(2) of this
section are specified in paragraphs (c)(2)(ii)(A) through (C) of this section.
Each criterion is assigned a specific weight according to its relevance in
determining need. The percentage representing each criterion is multiplied by
the weight factor and summed to arrive at a State factor (SF). The SF cannot
exceed 0.05, as follows:

SF = (criterion in paragraph (b)(2)(i)(A) of this section × 50 percent) +
(criterion in paragraph (b)(2)(i)(B) × 25 percent) + (criterion in paragraph
(b)(2)(i)(C) of this section × 25 percent)

(A) For the criterion specified in paragraph (b)(2)(i)(A) of this section, the
most recent decennial Census data.

(B) For the criterion specified in paragraph (b)(2)(i)(B) of this section,
5-year income data from the American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other
Census Bureau data.

(C) For the criterion specified in paragraph (b)(2)(i)(C) of this section, the
most recent Bureau of Labor Statistics data.

* * * * *
Subpart B--Loan and Grant Application Processing Back to Top

38.Revise § 1780.49(b)(2) to read as follows:
§ 1780.49 Rural or Native Alaskan villages.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(2) Rural or Native Alaskan village. A rural or Native Alaskan community which
meets the definition of a village under State statutes and does not have a
population in excess of 10,000 inhabitants according to the most recent
decennial Census.

* * * * *
PART 1781--RESOURCE CONSERVATION AND DEVELOPMENT (RCD) LOANS AND WATERSHED (WS)
LOANS AND ADVANCES Back to Top

39.The authority citation for part 1781 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 16 U.S.C. 1005.
§ 1781.2 [Amended]

40.Amend the first sentence of § 1781.2(a) by removing ", successor to the
Farmers's Home Administration" in the first sentence.
PART 1783--REVOLVING FUNDS FOR FINANCING WATER AND WASTEWATER PROJECTS
(REVOLVING FUND PROGRAM) Back to Top

41.The authority citation for part 1783 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

7 U.S.C. 1926 (a)(2)(B).
Subpart A--General Back to Top

42.In § 1783.3, revise the definition of "Rural and rural area" to read as
follows:
§ 1783.3 What definitions are used in this regulation?

* * * * *

Rural and rural area means a city, town or unincorporated area that has a
population of no more than 10,000 inhabitants. The population figure is obtained
from the most recent decennial Census of the United States (decennial Census).
If the applicable population figure cannot be obtained from the most recent
decennial Census, RD will determine the applicable population figure based on
available population data.

* * * * *
CHAPTER XVIII--RURAL HOUSING SERVICE, RURAL BUSINESS-COOPERATIVE SERVICE, RURAL
UTILITIES SERVICE, AND FARM SERVICE AGENCY, DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Back to
Top
PART 1806--INSURANCE Back to Top

43.The authority citation for part 1806 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 42 U.S.C. 1480.
Subpart A--Real Property Insurance Back to Top
§ 1806.1 [Amended]

44.Amend § 1806.1 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "Rural Housing Service (RHS). Any references
herein to the Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its employees are intended
to mean FSA or RHS, as applicable, and their employees." and adding "Rural
Housing Service (RHS), herein referred to as the "Agency." in its place;

b. In paragraphs (b) and (d), removing "the FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

c. In paragraph (e), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing
"interest of the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "interest of RD" in its place.
§ 1806.2 [Amended]

45.Amend § 1806.2 by:

a. In paragraph (b)(5)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (b)(6) introductory text and (b)(6)(i), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

c. In paragraphs (b)(9) and (b)(10) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "the
Agency" in their place;

d. In paragraph (b)(11) introductory text:

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 has" and
adding "the Agency has" in its place; and

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "the Agency will" in its place;

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

d. In paragraph (b)(11)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place;

e. In paragraph (b)(11)(iii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 is" and adding "the Agency is" in its place and removing
"Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form
RD" in its place;

f. In paragraph (b)(11)(iv) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "The Agency" in its place;

g. In paragraph (b)(11)(iv)(A), removing "United States of America (Farmers Home
Administration or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354)" and adding
"United States of America (Rural Development)" in its place and removing "naming
FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "naming the
Agency" in its place;

h. In paragraph (b)(11)(iv)(B), removing "United States of America (Farmers Home
Administration or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354)" and adding
"United States of America (Rural Development)" in its place and removing "by
FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "by the
Agency" in its place;

i. In paragraph (b)(11)(iv)(C), removing "the Farmers Home Admnistration or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place;

j. In paragraph (c), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing
"in which the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"in which the Agency" in its place;

k. In paragraph (d)(1) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

l. In paragraph (d)(1)(iii)(B), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "the" in its place;

m. In paragraph (d)(2), removing "against the FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "against the Agency" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 mortgage" and adding
"Agency mortgage" in its place; and

n. In paragraph (e), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 loan" and adding "Agency loan" in its place and removing "for FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loans" and adding "for the Agency
loans" in its place.
§ 1806.3 [Amended]

46.Amend § 1806.3 by:

a. In paragraphs (a)(1), (b), and (c)(1)(v), removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Agency" in their
place;

b. In paragraph (c)(1)(vii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Agency" in their place; and

c. In paragraph (c)(1)(viii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Agency" in their place.
§ 1806.4 [Amended]

47.Amend § 1806.4 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(2)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in their place;

b. In paragraph (a)(4), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

c. In paragraph (b)(1), removing "upon demand to FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "upon demand to the Agency" in its place
and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

d. In paragraph (b)(2)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "the Agency" in their place.
§ 1806.5 [Amended]

48.Amend § 1806.5 by:

a. In paragraphs (a) introductory text and (i)(2)(ii), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(1), removing "the FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 " and adding "the Agency" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 was" and adding "the Agency was" in its place;

d. In paragraphs (a)(2), (b)(1), and (b)(2) introductory text, removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 " and adding "Agency" in its
place;

e. In paragraph (b)(2)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354's" and adding "the Agency's" in its place and removing "jointly to
the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "jointly
to the Agency" in its place;

f. In paragraph (c)(1)(iii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place;

g. In paragraphs (c)(1)(iv) and (e)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

h. In paragraph (g) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Agency" in its place;

i. In paragraphs (g)(2) and (h), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 " and adding "Agency" in its place; and

j. In paragraph (i)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 official" and adding "Agency official" in its place and removing
"whether FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"whether the Agency" in its place.
§ 1806.6 [Amended]

49.Amend § 1806.6 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "the Agency" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(1) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(1)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

d. In paragraph (a)(1)(iii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Agency" in their place;

e. In paragraph (a)(1)(v), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 account" and adding
"Agency account" in its place;

f. In paragraph (a)(1)(vii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

g. In paragraph (c)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 as mortgagee" and adding "Agency as mortgagee" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction" and adding
"RD Instruction" in its place; and

h. In paragraph (c)(3), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "from the FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "from the Agency" in
its place.
Subpart B--National Flood Insurance Back to Top
§ 1806.21 [Amended]

50.Amend § 1806.21(a) by removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development and
Farm Service Agency, herein referred to as the "Agency"," in its place.
§ 1806.22 [Amended]

51.Amend § 1806.22 by:

a. In the paragraph heading of paragraph (b), removing "Farmers Home
Administration or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "The
Agency" in its place; and

b. In the first sentence of paragraph (b), removing "the FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 National Office" and adding "the National
Office" in its place.
§ 1806.23 [Amended]

52.Amend § 1806.23(a) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place.
§ 1806.25 [Amended]

53.Amend § 1806.25 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "The Agency" in its place and

b. In paragraph (c)(4), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place.
PART 1810--INTEREST RATES, TERMS, CONDITIONS, AND APPROVAL AUTHORITY Back to Top

54.The authority citation for part 1810 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

7 U.S.C. 1989; 14 U.S.C. 1480; 7 CFR 2.23; 7 CFR 2.70.
Subpart A--Interest Rates, Amortization, Guarantee Fee, Annual Charge, and Fixed
Period Back to Top
§ 1810.1 [Amended]

55.Amend § 1810.1 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the Agency (Rural Business-Cooperative Service and Rural
Housing Service of the U.S. Department of Agriculture)" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (b), removing "Farmers Home Administration or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "U.S. Department of Agriculture" in
its place.
§ 1810.2 [Amended]

56.Amend § 1810.2(b) and (c) by removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "the Agency" in their place.
PART 1822--Rural Housing Loans and Grants Back to Top

57.The authority citation for part 1822 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

42 U.S.C. 1480; 5 U.S.C. 301; 7 CFR 2.23; 7 CFR 2.70.
Subpart G--Rural Housing Site Loan Policies, Procedures, and Authorizations Back
to Top
§ 1822.261 [Amended]

58.Amend § 1822.261 by removing "assistance to FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development (RD)" in its place and
removing "with an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
employee" and adding "with an RD employee" in its place.
§ 1822.264 [Amended]

59.Amend § 1822.264(b) by removing "The Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RHS" in its place.
§ 1822.265 [Amended]

60.Amend § 1822.265(a) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354".
§ 1822.266 [Amended]

61.Amend § 1822.266(e)(4) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1822.267 [Amended]

62.Amend § 1822.267 by:

a. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

b. In paragraph (d), removing "using a form entitled, "((Rural Housing Site)
Loan to Nonprofit Corporation)" available at all FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 offices";

c. In paragraph (e), removing ", and certain information in a guide entitled
"Planning and Developing Building Sites" available at all FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 offices";

d. In paragraph (h), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

e. In paragraph (i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

f. In paragraph (k)(2), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

g. In paragraph (l)(2) introductory text, removing "Form FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

h. In paragraph (l)(2)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

i. In paragraph (l)(4), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

j. In paragraph (l)(5), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "The government's" in its place.
§ 1822.268 [Amended]

63.Amend § 1822.268(a) by:

a. Removing "charged by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "charged by Rural Development" in its place;

b. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

c. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "RD office" in its place.
§ 1822.270 [Amended]

64.Amend § 1822.270(a) introductory text by removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 loan" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1822.271 [Amended]

65.Amend § 1822.271 by:

a. In paragraph (b)(3)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place and

b. In paragraph (e), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs in the column labeled "Form No." and adding "RD" in
its place.
§ 1822.274 [Amended]

66.Amend § 1822.274 by:

a. In paragraph (b) first sentence, removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 1927-1 (state), Real Estate Mortgage -for ___," will"
and adding "Form RD 3550-14, "Real Estate Mortgage or Deed of Trust for
(state)," will" in its place and in the first paragraph of the quoted material
in the third sentence by removing "basis for the FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "basis for Rural Development" in its place;
and

b. In paragraph (c)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1822.275 [Amended]

67.Amend § 1822.275(a) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1822.278 [Amended]

68.Amend § 1822.278(g) by:

a. In the first sentence, removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 1927-1 (state), Real Estate ___for___(Direct Loan)," will"
and adding "Form RD 3550-14, "Real Estate Mortgage or Deed of Trust for
(state)," will" in its place; and

b. In the first paragraph of the quoted material in the third sentence, removing
"basis for the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"basis for Rural Development" in its place.
PART 1900--GENERAL Back to Top

69.The authority citation for part 1900 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 7 U.S.C. 6991, et seq.; 42 U.S.C. 1480;
Reorganization Plan No. 2 of 1953 (5 U.S.C. App.).
§ 1900.1 [Amended]

70.Amend § 1900.1 by:

a. Removing "the Farmers Home Administration or its successor Agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

b. Adding "This subpart is inapplicable to Farm Service Agency, Farm Loan
Programs." at the end of the section.
§ 1900.2 [Amended]

71.Amend § 1900.2 introductory text and paragraph (g) by removing "the Farmers
Home Administration or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever
it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1900.3 [Amended]

72.Amend § 1900.3 by removing "the Farmers Home Administration or its successor
Agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural
Development" in its place.
§ 1900.5 [Amended]

73.Amend § 1900.5 by removing "the FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1900.6 [Amended]

74.Amend § 1900.6(a) and (b) by removing "Farmers Home Administration or its
successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place.
§ 1900.7 [Amended]

75.Amend § 1900.7 by removing "Administrator of the Farmers Home Administration
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Under Secretary
for Rural Development" in its place.
Subpart C--Applicability of Federal Law Back to Top
§ 1900.101 [Amended]

76.Amend § 1900.101 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "Agency" and adding "Rural Development" in
its place;

b. In paragraph (a), removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its
successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place; and

c. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1900.102 [Amended]

77.Amend § 1900.102 by removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law
103-354" and "Farmers Home Administration or its successor Agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever they occur and adding "Rural Development" in their place.
Subpart D--Processing and Servicing Rural Development Assistance to Employees,
Relatives, and Associates Back to Top

78.Revise the heading of Subpart D to read as set forth above.

79.Revise § 1900.151(a) introductory text and (b) to read as follows:
§ 1900.151 General.

(a) The Standards of Ethical Conduct for Employees of the Executive Branch
requires the maintenance of high standards of honesty, integrity, and
impartiality by employees. To reduce the potential for employee conflict of
interest, any processing, approval, servicing or review activity, including
access through automated information systems, is conducted only by authorized
Rural Development employees who:

* * * * *

(b) No provision of this subpart takes precedence over individual program
requirements or restrictions relating to eligibility for Rural Development
assistance to Rural Development employees, members of families of employees,
close relatives, or business or close personal associates of employees.

* * * * *
§ 1900.152 [Amended]

80.Amend § 1900.152 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"Rural Development" wherever it occurs in its place in the following
definitions:

i. `Applicant or borrower';

ii. `Assistance';

iii. `Employee'; and

iv. `Recipient'; and

b. Removing "an FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "a Rural Development" in its place in the definition of `Conflict of
Interest'.

81.Revise § 1900.153 to read as follows:
§ 1900.153 Identifying and reporting an employee relationship.

(a) Responsibility of applicant. When an application for assistance is filed,
the processing official asks if there is any known relationship or association
with a Rural Development employee. The applicant is required to disclose the
requested information under pertinent program regulations.

(b) Responsibility of the Rural Development employee. A Rural Development
employee who knows he or she is related to or associated with an applicant or
recipient, regardless of whether the relationship or association is known to
others, is required to notify the Rural Development official who is processing
or servicing the assistance, in writing. RD Guide Letter 1900-D-1 (available in
any RD office) may be used as the notice. If the appropriate official is not
known, the State Director should be notified. Regardless of whether the
relationship or association is defined in § 1900.152, if the employee believes
there may be a potential conflict of interest, the Rural Development official
who is processing or servicing the assistance may be notified and special
handling requested. An employee's request that the case receive special handling
is usually honored.

(c) Responsibility of the Rural Development official. When any relationship or
association is identified, the Rural Development official completes and submits
RD Guide Letter 1900-D-2 to the State Director (or Administrator, under
paragraph (e) of this section or § 1900.155(a)). When completed, RD Guide Letter
1900-D-3 is returned by the State Director, the processing official;

(d) Relationship or association established after application for Rural
Development assistance. If a relationship or association is established after an
application has been filed or assistance has been provided, both recipient and
employee are required to notify the Rural Development official as described in
paragraphs (a) and (b) of this section.

(e) Relationship or association with a State Office, Finance Office or National
Office employee. If an identified relationship or association is with an
employee at a State Office (other than a State Director), Finance Office or
National Office, the processing/servicing official completes and submits RD
Guide Letter 1900-D-2 to the State Director in the normal manner. The State
Director reviews the information, determines the need for special handling,
designates the processing/servicing official, completes and submits RD Guide
Letter 1900-D-3 to the Administrator for written concurrence. When the
Administrator's concurrence is received, the State Director returns completed RD
Guide Letter 1900-D-3 to the original official who completes the action
described in paragraph (c) of this section.

(f) Relationship or association with a State Director. If an identified
relationship or association is with a State Director, the processing/servicing
official completes and submits RD Guide Letter 1900-D-2 to the Administrator.
The Administrator reviews, determines the need for special handling, designates
the processing/servicing official, completes and returns RD Guide Letter
1900-D-3 to the original official who completes the action described in
paragraph (c) of this section.

(g) Change in relationship or association, status of Rural Development
assistance, or employee's duty station. If the relationship or association has
changed, the application denied or the assistance otherwise terminated, or Rural
Development employee's duty station changed, the designated processing/servicing
official completes RD Guide Letter 1900-D-2 with the new information and submits
it. The review process takes place as described in paragraphs (a) through (e) of
this section to determine if processing/servicing activity may return to normal
or requires another change. If the assistance is denied or otherwise terminated,
the designated official notifies the original official.
§ 1900.155 [Amended]

82.Amend § 1900.155(a) by removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1900.156 [Amended]

83.Amend § 1900.156(g) by removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
PART 1901--PROGRAM-RELATED INSTRUCTIONS Back to Top

84.The authority citation for part 1901 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 42 U.S.C. 1480.
Subpart K--Certificates of Beneficial Ownership and Insured Notes Back to Top
§ 1901.501 [Amended]

85.Amend § 1901.501 by removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its
successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place.

86.Revise § 1901.503(a)(2) through (a)(7), (a)(9), (a)(10), (a)(12), (a)(13),
(a)(15) through (a)(17), (a)(19), and (b)(1) through (b)(6) to read as follows:
§ 1901.503 Definitions.

(a) * * *

(2) Certificate. A certificate of beneficial ownership issued by Rural
Development under this subpart.

(3) Director, Finance Office. The Director or the Insured Loan Officer of the
Finance Office of Rural Development.

(4) Rural Development. The United States acting through the Rural Housing
Service, the Rural Utilities Service, or the Rural Business-Cooperative Service
or their successor agencies.

(5) Finance Office. The office which maintains the Rural Development finance
records. It is located at 1520 Market Street, St. Louis, Missouri 63103. (Phone:
314-425-4400)

(6) Fixed period. Any time interval (preceding an option period) during which
the insured holder is not entitled to require Rural Development to purchase the
insured note, as specified in the insurance agreement.

(7) Insurance agreement. The entire contract evidencing and setting forth the
terms and conditions of Rural Development insurance of the payment for the
insured note. The insurance agreement with respect to any particular loan may be
evidenced by Form RD 440-5, "Insurance Endorsement (Insured Loan)," RD 440-30,
"Insurance Endorsement (Insure Loans)," or any other form or forms prescribed by
the National Office and executed by an authorized official of Rural Development.
It may include such provisions as, for example, an agreement of Rural
Development to purchase or repurchase the loan, or to make supplementary
payments from the insurance fund.

* * * * *

(9) Insured holder. The current owner of an insured note other than Rural
Development, according to the records of Rural Development as insurer of the
note.

(10) Insured note. Any promissory note or bond evidencing an insured loan
regardless of whether it is held by Rural Development in the insurance fund, by
a private holder, or by Rural Development as trustee.

* * * * *

(12) National Office. The Administrator or other authorized officer of Rural
Development in Washington, DC.

(13) Option period. Any period during which the insured holder has the optional
right to require Rural Development to purchase the insured note, as specified in
the insurance agreement.

* * * * *

(15) Private buyer. A buyer of an insured note other than Rural Development.

(16) Private holder. An insured holder other than Rural Development.

(17) Repurchase agreement. A provision in the insurance agreement obligating
Rural Development to buy the insured note at the option of the holders.

* * * * *

(19) State Director. The State Director of Rural Development for the State in
which is located the real estate improved, purchased, or refinanced with the
loan evidenced by the insured note.

(b) * * *

(1) Reserve bank. The Federal Reserve Bank of New York (and any other Federal
Reserve Bank which agrees to issue securities in book-entry form) as fiscal
agent of the United States acting on behalf of Rural Development and, when
indicated, acting in its individual capacity.

(2) Rural Development security. A certificate representing beneficial ownership
of notes, bonds, debentures, or other similar obligations held by Rural
Development under the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act and title V of
the Housing Act of 1949, issued in the form of a definitive Rural Development
security or a book-entry Rural Development security.

(3) Definitive Rural Development security. A Rural Development security in
engraved on printed form.

(4) Book-entry Rural Development security. A Rural Development security in the
form of an entry made as prescribed in this subpart on the records of a Reserve
bank.

(5) Pledge. A pledge of, or any other security interest in, Rural Development
securities as collateral for loans or advances, or to secure deposits of public
moneys or the performance of an obligation.

(6) Date of call. The date fixed in the official notice of call published in the
Federal Register on which Rural Development will make payment of the security
before maturity in accordance with its terms.

* * * * *
§ 1901.504 [Amended]

87.Amend § 1901.504 by removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law
103-354 financing" and adding "Rural Development financing" in its place and by
removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354's fiscal agents"
and adding "Rural Development's fiscal agents" in its place.
§ 1901.505 [Amended]

88.Amend § 1901.505 section heading and paragraphs (a)(1), (a)(2), and (b) by
removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1901.506 [Amended]

89.Amend § 1901.506 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" each time it
appears and adding "Rural Development" in the following places:

i. The section heading;

ii. Paragraphs (a)(1), (a)(2), (a)(3);

iii. Paragraphs (b)(1) introductory text, (b)(2), (b)(3), (b)(4), (b)(5);

iv. Paragraphs (c)(1) introductory text, (c)(1)(i), (c)(1)(iv), (c)(2), (c)(3),
(c)(4), (c)(5);

v. Paragraphs (d) paragraph heading, (d)(1), (d)(2);

vi. Paragraph (e) paragraph heading and text;

vii. Paragraph (f)(1);

viii. Paragraph (g) paragraph heading and text;

ix. Paragraph (h)(1); and

b. In paragraph (f)(2), removing "the Farmers Homes Administration or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and "Farmers Homes Administration or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in
their place.

90.Amend § 1901.507 by:

a. Revising the section heading to read as set forth below;

b. In paragraphs (b)(1) and (b)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (c)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

d. In paragraph (d)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

e. Removing in paragraph (d)(2) "Farmers Home Administration or its successor
Agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

f. In paragraph (d)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

g. Revising paragraph (e) to read as follows:
§ 1901.507 Certificates of beneficial ownership by the Rural Development Finance
Office.

* * * * *

(e) Assignments. Assignments of certificates should be executed by the owner or
the owner's authorized representative in the presence of an officer authorized
to certify assignments. Registered certificates may be assigned to a specified
transferee or to Rural Development for redemption or for exchange for other
certificates offered at maturity. Assignments to "United States, Rural
Development," "Farmers Home Administration for Transfer," or "Rural Development
for Exchange" will not be accepted unless supplemented by specific instructions
by or in behalf of the owner. If an alteration or erasure has been made in an
assignment, a new assignment from the assignor should be obtained. Otherwise, an
affidavit or explanation by the person responsible for the alteration or erasure
should be submitted for consideration.

* * * * *
§ 1901.508 [Amended]

91.Amend § 1901.508 by:

a. In the introductory text and in paragraphs (a)(1) through (a)(4), removing
"FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and
adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b)(1)(i), removing "Form FmHA or its successor Agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

c. In paragraph (b)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law
103-354 is requested" and adding "Rural Development is requested" in its place
and removing "Form FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

d. In paragraph (b)(3), removing "Form FmHA or its successor Agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "made to FmHA or its
successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "made to Rural
Development" in its place;

e. In paragraph (b)(4):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "records of FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "records of Rural Development" in its place; and

iii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

f. In paragraph (b)(5):

i. Removing "by FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever
it occurs and adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "However, FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "However, Rural Development" in its place; and

g. In the heading to paragraph (c) and in paragraphs (c)(1) introductory text,
(c)(2), and (d), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1901.509 [Amended]

92.Amend § 1901.509 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law
103-354's" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (b) introductory text, (b)(1) introductory text, and
(b)(1)(iii), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (b)(5):

i. Removing "and FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "and Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "to FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "to Rural Development" in its place; and

iii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place; and

d. In paragraph (b)(6), removing "the Farmers Home Administration or its
successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place; and

e. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
PART 1902--SUPERVISED BANK ACCOUNTS Back to Top

93.The authority citation for part 1902 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 7 U.S.C. 6991, et seq.; 42 U.S.C. 1480;
Reorganization Plan No. 2 of 1953 (5 U.S.C. App.).
Subpart A--Supervised Bank Accounts of Loan, Grant, and Other Funds Back to Top
§ 1902.1 [Amended]

94.Amend § 1902.1 introductory text by adding at the end of the section "This
subpart is inapplicable to Farm Service Agency, Farm Loan Programs."
§ 1902.4 [Amended]

95.Amend § 1902.4 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "government" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (b)(2):

i. Removing "the FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "Rural Development will" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1902.9 [Amended]

96.Amend § 1902.9 in the heading of paragraph (a) by removing "FmHA or its
successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place.
§ 1902.10 [Amended]

97.Amend § 1902.10 by:

a. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (c), removing "Form FmHA or its successor Agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1902.15 [Amended]

98.Amend § 1902.15 by:

a. In the introductory text:

i. Removing "When FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "When Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354's" and
adding "Rural Development's" in its place.

b. In paragraphs (a) and (c)(1)(i) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its
successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place;

c. In paragraph(c)(1)(i)(B), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public
Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in their place;

d. In paragraph (c)(1)(i)(C), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its
place;

e. In paragraph (c)(1)(ii):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354 indebtedness"
and adding "Rural Development indebtedness" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354 borrower"
and adding "Rural Development borrower" in its place; and

iii. Removing "the FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

f. In paragraphs (c)(1)(iii) and (c)(2)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor
Agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1902.16 [Amended]

99.Amend § 1902.16 by:

a. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354s" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (d) by removing "of FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354's" and adding "due to Rural Development" in its place.
PART 1910--GENERAL Back to Top

100.The authority citation for part 1910 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 42 U.S.C. 1480.
Subpart B--Credit Reports Back to Top

100.Section 1910.51 is revised to read as follows:
§ 1910.51 Purpose.

This subpart prescribes the policies and procedures of Rural Development for
individual and joint type credit reports. Credit reports will be ordered to
determine the eligibility of applicants requesting Rural Development loans. A
nonrefundable fee will be charged the applicant. This subpart is inapplicable to
Farm Service Agency, Farm Loan Programs.
Subpart C--Commercial Credit Reports Back to Top

101.Revise the first sentence of § 1910.101 to read as follows:
§ 1910.101 Preface.

This subpart (§§ 1910.101 through 1910.150) describes the procedure to be used
by Rural Development in obtaining commercial credit reports. * * *
PART 1924--CONSTRUCTION AND REPAIR Back to Top

102.The authority citation for part 1924 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 42 U.S.C. 1480.
Subpart A--Planning and Performing Construction and Other Development Back to
Top
§ 1924.1 [Amended]

103.Amend § 1924.1 by removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place.
§§ 1924.3, 1924.4, 1924.5, 1924.6, 1924.8, 1924.9, 1924.10, and 1924.13
[Amended]

102.Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and add "Agency" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1924.3;

b. Section 1924.4(d), (f), and (p);

c. Section 1924.5(d)(1) introductory text wherever it occurs, (d)(1)(iv),
(d)(1)(v), (f)(1)(i), (f)(1)(iii)(C)(4), (f)(2)(iii), (f)(2)(xii) wherever it
occurs, (g)(3), and (i)(4);

d. Section 1924.6(a)(6), (a)(8), (a)(10)(ii) wherever it occurs, and
(a)(11)(iv);

e. Section 1924.8(e);

f. Section 1924.9(b)(7);

g. Section 1924.10(c)(1) wherever it occurs; and

h. Section 1924.13(a) introductory text, (a)(1), (a)(3), (a)(5)(i)(B) wherever
it occurs, (a)(5)(ii)(C), (a)(5)(vi), (b)(2)(v), (e)(1) introductory text
wherever it occurs, (e)(1)(iii)(B)(2), (e)(2)(i)(B), (e)(2)(ii)(A), and
(e)(2)(vii).
§§ 1924.5, 1924.6, 1924.9, 1924.10, 1924.11, 1924.12, and 1924.13 [Amended]

103.Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and add "RD" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1924.5(b) wherever it occurs, (f)(1)(iii)(F), (f)(2)(i), (g)(1)
introductory text, and (g)(2);

b. Section 1924.6(a)(10)(iv) wherever it occurs, (a)(11)(iii), (a)(12)(ii),
(a)(12)(iii) wherever it occurs, (a)(12)(v)(A), (a)(12)(vi)(C)(2)(i),
(a)(12)(vi)(C)(2)(ii), (b)(3)(i) wherever it occurs, (b)(3)(ii)(C), and
(b)(3)(ii)(G);

c. Section 1924.9(c) wherever it occurs;

d. Section 1924.10(a)(4), (c)(2)(i), and (c)(2)(ii);

e. Section 1924.11(c);

f. Section 1924.12(a), (d)(1), and (d)(2); and

g. Section 1924.13(e)(1)(ii) introductory text wherever it occurs and (e)(2)(x).

§§ 1924.4, 1924.5, 1924.6, 1924.9, and 1924.13 [Amended]

104.Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and add "the Agency" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1924.4(h)(1), (h)(8), and (n);

b. Section 1924.5(d)(1)(i)(E)(1), (f)(1)(ii), (f)(1)(iii)(C), (f)(2)
introductory text, (f)(2)(vii), and (f)(2)(viii);

c. Section 1924.6(a)(2)(vi), (a)(3)(iii)(B), (a)(3)(iv)(D), (a)(3)(iv)(F),
(a)(11)(iv) wherever it occurs, (a)(12)(v)(C) wherever it occurs,
(a)(12)(vi)(C)(1)(ii), and (b)(3)(ii)(F);

d. Section 1924.9(d) and (e); and

e. Section 1924.13(a)(5)(i)(F), (a)(5)(iii)(C), (b)(2) wherever it occurs,
(e)(1)(i)(D), (e)(1)(i)(E), (e)(1)(iii)(B)(3), (e)(1)(vi)(A) wherever it occurs,
(e)(1)(vii)(A)(4), (e)(1)(vii)(B)(3), (e)(2)(i)(D), (e)(2)(ii)(C),
(e)(2)(iii)(C), (e)(2)(ix)(A) wherever it occurs, and (e)(2)(ix)(B).
§ 1924.5 [Amended]

105.Amend § 1924.5 by:

a. In paragraph (d)(1)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (f) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354's" and adding "the Agency's" in its place;

c. In paragraph (f)(1)(iii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "The Agency" in its place;

d. In paragraph (f)(2)(iii):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 for" and
adding "Agency for" in its place;

ii. Removing "that FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will"
and adding "the Agency will" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

e. In paragraph (h) introductory text:

i. Removing "of FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "of the Agency" in its place; and

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 forms" and
adding "RD forms" in its place; and

f. in paragraph (i)(5), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "The Agency" in its place.
§ 1924.6 [Amended]

106.Amend § 1924.6 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(1), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "(including FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354)" and adding "(including the
Agency)" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(3)(ii), removing "(including FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354)" and adding "(including the Agency)" in its place and
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will be" and
adding "The Agency will be" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(3)(iii)(A):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 prior" and
adding "the Agency prior" in its place;

ii. Removing "the owner and FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the owner and the Agency" in its place;

iii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by the Agency" in its place; and

iv. Removing "all FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "all Agency" in its place.

d. In paragraph (a)(11)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 employee" and adding "Agency employee" in its place and removing
"Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form
RD" in its place;

e. In paragraph (a)(12)(v)(B), removing "provide FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "provide the Agency" in its place and
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 official"
wherever it occurs and adding "Agency official" in its place;

f. In paragraph (a)(12)(vi)(B):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loan" and
adding "Agency loan" in its place;

ii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever
it occurs and adding "by the Agency" in its place;

iii. Removing "of FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "of the Agency" in its place; and

iv. Removing "the owner and FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the owner and the Agency" in its place; and

g. In paragraph (a)(12)(vi)(C) introductory text:

i. Removing "the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loan" and
adding "Agency loan" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "the Agency will" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1924.9 [Amended]

107.Amend § 1924.9 by:

a. In paragraph (a):

i. Removing "Rural Development office" and adding "Agency office" in its place;

ii. Removing "RHS or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 inpections"
wherever it occurs and adding "Agency inspections" in its place; and

iii. Removing "RHS or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 has" and
adding "the Agency has" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (b)(2), removing "the FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place.
§ 1924.10 [Amended]

108.Amend § 1924.10(a)(3) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354's security" and adding "the Agency's security" in its place and
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 security" and
adding "Agency security" in its place.
§ 1924.12 [Amended]

109.Amend § 1924.12 by:

a. In paragraph (b):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "the owner and FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the owner and the Agency" in its place; and

iii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by the Agency" in its place;

b. In paragraph (c), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Agency office" in
its place; and

c. In paragraph (d)(4), removing "notifies FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "notifies the Agency" in its place and removing
"Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form
RD" in its place.
§ 1924.13 [Amended]

110.Amend § 1924.13 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(4)(iii), removing "The Farmers Home Administration or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "The Agency" in its place
and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Approval
Official" and adding "Agency Approval Official" in its place;

b. In paragraph (e)(1)(ii)(F):

i. Removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever
it occurs and adding "to the Agency" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
regulations" and adding "Agency regulations" in its place;

c. In paragraph (e)(1)(ii)(G), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 offices" and adding "Agency offices" in its place, and
removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever
it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

d. In paragraph (e)(1)(ii)(H), removing "The Farmers Home Administration or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "The Agency" in its place
and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Official"
and adding "Agency Official" in its place;

e. In paragraph (e)(1)(iv):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 with" and
adding "the Agency with" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 offices"
and adding "Agency offices" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 personnel"
and adding "Agency personnel" in its place;

f. In paragraph (e)(1)(v) introductory text:

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office"
wherever it occurs and adding "Agency office" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "the Agency will" in its place;

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 contractor"
and adding "Agency contractor" in its place;

v. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 contracts"
and adding "Agency contracts" in its place; and

vi. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 personnel"
and adding "Agency personnel" in its place;

g. In paragraph (e)(1)(v)(A), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "to FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "to the Agency" in its
place;

h. In paragraph (e)(1)(v)(B):

i. Removing "the owner and FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the owner and the Agency" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

iii. Removing "prior to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "prior to the Agency" in its place; and

iv. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by the Agency" in its place;

i. In paragraph (e)(1)(v)(C):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by the Agency" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Agency office" in its place;

j. In paragraph (e)(1)(v)(D), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 regulations" and adding "Agency
regulations" in its place;

k. In paragraph (e)(1)(v)(E):

i. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by the Agency" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 reserves"
and adding "The Agency reserves" in its place;

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

iv. Removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever
it occurs and adding "to the Agency" in its place;

l. In paragraph (e)(1)(v)(G):

i. Removing "Forms FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Forms RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 1944-31" and
adding "RD 1944-31" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office"
wherever it occurs and adding "Agency office" in its place;

m. In paragraph (e)(1)(v)(I):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Agency office" in its place;

n. In paragraph (e)(1)(vi) introductory text, removing "Form FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form
RD" in its place and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 as shown" and adding "the Agency as shown" in its place;

o. In paragraph (e)(2)(i)(G), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "by FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "by the Agency" in its
place;

p. In paragraph (e)(2)(i)(H), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "to FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "to the Agency" in its
place;

q. In paragraph (e)(2)(viii) introductory text:

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Agency office" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 contractor"
and adding "Agency contractor" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 contracts"
and adding "Agency contracts" in its place;

r. In paragraph (e)(2)(viii)(A):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 regulations"
and adding "Agency regulations" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 reserves"
and adding "The Agency reserves" in its place;

iv. Removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "to the Agency" in its place;

v. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Agency office" in its place; and

vi. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by the Agency" in its place;

s. In paragraph (e)(2)(viii)(B):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 must" and
adding "the Agency must" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by the Agency" in its place;

t. In paragraph (e)(2)(viii)(D):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Agency office" in its place; and

u. In paragraph (e)(2)(ix):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 District" and
adding "Agency District" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

iii. Removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "to the Agency" in its place;

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
Representative" and adding "Agency Representative" in its place; and

v. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 does not" and
adding "the Agency does not" in its place.
Exhibit B to Subpart A [Amended] Back to Top

111.Amend Exhibit B to Subpart A of Part 1924 by:

a. In the introductory text:

i. Removing "of FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "of the Agency" in its place;

ii. Removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place; and

iii. Removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "an Agency" in its place;

b. In paragraph I.B, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

c. In paragraph III.B:

i. Removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "an Agency" in its place;

ii. Removing "local FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "local Agency" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

d. In paragraph IV, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place;

e. In paragraph V introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

f. In paragraph V.D introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place;

g. In paragraph V.E, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

h. In paragraph V.H, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

i. In paragraph V.J, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

j. In paragraph VI.A introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

k. In paragraph VI.A.3, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

l. In paragraph VII.C introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

m. In paragraph IX, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 will" and adding "The Agency will" in its place and removing "of the
FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "of the
Agency" in its place;

n. In paragraph X.B, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

o. In paragraph X.C, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

p. In Attachment 1 to Exhibit B by:

i. In the introductory text, removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place and
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"Agency" in its place;

ii. In paragraph A.10, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

iii. In paragraph B.4(c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "U.S. Department of Agriculture," in its place;

q. In Attachment 2 to Exhibit B by:

i. In the second introductory paragraph, removing "Farmers Home Administration
(FmHA) or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in
its place;

ii. In paragraph 2, removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "by the Agency" in its place;

iii. In paragraph 3, removing "local FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "local Agency" in its place;

iv. In paragraph 3, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

v. In paragraph 3, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Thermal" and adding "Agency Thermal" in its place;

vi. In paragraph 6 and the second undesginated concluding paragraph, removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 personnel" and adding "RD
personnel" in its place;

vii. In paragraph 6, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 State" and adding "Agency State" in its place; and

viii. In paragraph 6, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 inspection" and adding "RD inspection" in its place; and

r. In Attachment 5 to Exhibit B by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Agency" in its place.
Exhibit C to Subpart A [Amended] Back to Top

112.Amend Exhibit C to Subpart A of Part 1924 by:

a. In paragraphs II.A introductory text and V.B introductory text, removing "any
FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and
adding "any Agency" in its place;

b. In paragraphs IV introductory text and IV.A introductory text, removing "Form
FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

c. In paragraph IV.A.1, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 form" and adding "RD form" in its place.
Exhibit D to Subpart A [Amended] Back to Top

113.Amend Exhibit D to Subpart A of Part 1924 by removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Agency" in its
place in the following places:

a. Paragraph IV.A;

b. Paragraph IV.C.1.a;

c. Paragraph IV.C.1.b;

d. Paragraph IV.C.2.b; and

e. Paragraph V.A.
Exhibit H to Subpart A [Amended] Back to Top

114.Amend Exhibit H to Subpart A of Part 1924 by:

a. In paragraph II, removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

b. In paragraph IV.B, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 requires" and adding "the Agency requires" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 County" and adding
"Agency County" in its place;

c. In paragraph IV.C, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 requires" and adding "the Agency requires" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 County" and adding
"Agency County" in its place;

d. In paragraph IV.D, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Agency" in its place; and

e. In paragraph IV.E, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place.
Exhibit I to Subpart A [Amended] Back to Top

115.Amend Exhibit I to Subpart A of Part 1924 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "the Agency" in its place in the following places:

i. Paragraph 300-3; and

ii. Paragraph 302-2.5; and

b. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Agency" in its place in the following places:

i. Paragraph 302-2.3;

ii Paragraph 303-1.
Exhibit J to Subpart A [Amended] Back to Top

116.Amend Exhibit J to Subpart A of Part 1924, Part A by:

a. In Section I:

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 field" and
adding "Agency field" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 housing" and
adding "Agency housing" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 may" and
adding "The Agency may" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "The Agency will" in its place;

b. In Section II introductory text by:

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 has" and
adding "The Agency has" in its place;

ii. Removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "to the Agency" in its place; and

iii. Removing "of FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "of Agency" in its place;

c. In Section II.B:

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 field" and
adding "Agency field" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loan" and
adding "Agency loan" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354/MPS" and
adding "Agency/MPS" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 in that" and
adding "the Agency in that" in its place;

d. In Section III:

i. In the definition of `Manufactured Home" removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354's" and adding "the Agency's" in its place; and

ii. In the definition of `Permanent Perimeter Enclosure' removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 adopted" and adding "Agency adopted"
in its place;

e. In Section IV, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place;

f. In Section V:

i. In the introductory text, removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "by the Agency" in its place;

ii. In Section V.2, removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "by the Agency" in its place and removing "to FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "to the Agency" in its
place; and

iii. In Section V.2.B introductory text, removing "by FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "by the Agency" in its place and
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 regulations" and
adding "Agency regulations" in its place;
Exhibit J to Subpart A [Amended] Back to Top

117.Amend Exhibit J to Subpart A of Part 1924, Part B by:

a. In Section I.C removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "the Agency's" in its place;

b. In Section I.I, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

c. In Section II.A introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354/MPS" and adding "Agency/MPS" in its place and removing
"to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "to the
Agency" in its place;

d. In Section II.A.1, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354/MPS" and adding "Agency/MPS" in its place and removing "to FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "to the Agency" in its
place;

e. In Section II.A.2, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

f. In Section II.A.4, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

g. In Section II.A.6, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 adopted" and adding "Agency adopted" in its place and removing "to FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "to the Agency" in
its place;

h. In Section II.A.8, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "the Agency's" in its place;

i. In Section II.C.1, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354/MPS" wherever it occurs and adding "Agency/MPS" in its place;

j. In Section II.C.2, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354/MPS" and adding "Agency/MPS" in its place;

k. In Section III.A, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354/MPS" and adding "Agency/MPS" in its place;

l. In Section III.C, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

m. In Section IV.A.1, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354/MPS" and adding "Agency/MPS" in its place; and

n. In Section IV.C.2, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354/MPS" and adding "Agency/MPS" in its place and removing "by FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "by the Agency" in its
place;
Exhibit J to Subpart A [Amended] Back to Top

118.Amend Exhibit J to Subpart A of Part 1924, Part C by:

a. In Section I introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place;

b. In Section I.B, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Agency" in its place;

c. In Section I.C:

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 County" and
adding "Agency County" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354/MPS" and
adding "Agency/MPS" in its place; and

iii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by the Agency" in its place; and

d. In Section V.A, removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place.
Exhibit J to Subpart A [Amended] Back to Top

119.Amend Exhibit J to Subpart A of Part 1924, Part D, Inspection of Development
Works, Section II.D by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "the Agency's" in its place.
Exhibit K to Subpart A [Amended] Back to Top

120.Amend Exhibit K to Subpart A of Part 1924 by:

a. In Section I, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place;

b. In Section II, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" wherever it occurs and adding "the Agency's" in its place and
removing "between FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "between the Agency" in its place; and

c. In Section III, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place.
Exhibit L to Subpart A [Amended] Back to Top

121.Amend Exhibit L to Subpart A of Part 1924 by:

a. In Section I introductory text, removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA)
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its
place;

b. In Section I.A, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place;

c. In Section I.B, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place;

d. In Section I.C, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place;

e. In Section II.B, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "the Agency" in its place;

f. In Section III.E, removing "if FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "if the Agency" in its place and removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 inspections" wherever it occurs and
adding "Agency inspections" in its place;

g. In Section IV.A(6), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

h. In Section IV.B(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

i. In Section IV.B(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place; and

j. In Attachment 1, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place.
Subpart C--Planning and Performing Site Development Work Back to Top
§§ 1924.103 and 1924.119 [Amended]

122.Amend §§ 1924.103 and 1924.119 by removing "FmHA" and adding "RD" in its
place and by removing "(available in any RHS field office)" wherever it occurs.
Subpart F--Complaints and Compensation for Construction Defects Back to Top
§ 1924.251 [Amended]

123.Amend § 1924.251 by removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place.
§§ 1924.252, 1924.253, 1924.258, 1924.260, 1924.261, 1924.262, 1924.265,
1924.266, 1924.274, and 1924.276 [Amended]

124.Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and add "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1924.252;

b. Section 1924.253;

c. Section 1924.258;

d. Section 1924.260;

e. Section 1924.261;

f. Section 1924.262;

g. Section 1924.265;

h. Section 1924.266;

i. Section 1924.274; and

j. Section 1924.276.
§ 1924.259 [Amended]

125.Amend § 1924.259 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "a format specified by FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 (available in any FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 office)" and adding "a Rural Development approved
format" in its place and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 will" and adding "Rural Development will" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 using a format specified by FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 (available in any FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 office)" and adding "Rural Development using a Rural Development
approved format" in its place;

c. In paragraphs (c), (d), and (e) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural
Development" in its place;

d. In paragraph (e)(2) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354's findings" and adding "the findings" in its place; and

e. In paragraphs (e)(2)(i), (e)(2)(ii), (e)(3), and (e)(4), removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding
"Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1924.271 [Amended]

126.Amend § 1924.271 by removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "to Rural Development" in its place and by removing
"(available in any FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
office)".
§ 1924.273 [Amended]

127.Amend § 1924.273 by removing "(available in any FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 office)".
PART 1925--TAXES Back to Top

128.The authority citation for part 1925 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 42 U.S.C. 1480.
Subpart C--Planning and Performing Site Development Work Back to Top
§ 1925.2 [Amended]

129.Amend § 1925.2 by removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place.
§ 1925.3 [Amended]

130.Amend § 1925.3(c) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1925.4 [Amended]

131.Amend § 1925.4 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Agency" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
PART 1927--TITLE CLEARANCE AND LOAN CLOSING Back to Top

132.The authority citation for part 1927 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 42 U.S.C. 1480.
Subpart B--Real Estate Title Clearance and Loan Closing Back to Top
§ 1927.52 [Amended]

133.Amend § 1927.52 by removing the definition of "FSA" and revising the
definitions of "Agency", "National Office", "RHS", and "State Office" to read as
follows:
§ 1927.52 Definitions.

Agency. The Rural Housing Service (RHS) or its successor agency.

* * * * *

National Office. The National Headquarters Office of RHS.

* * * * *

RHS. The Rural Housing Service, an agency of the United States Department of
Agriculture, or its successor agency.

* * * * *

State Office. This term refers to the Rural Development State Director.

* * * * *
PART 1940--GENERAL Back to Top

134.The authority citation for part 1940 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; and 42 U.S.C. 1480.
Subpart I--Truth in Lending-Real Estate Settlement Procedures Back to Top
§ 1940.401 [Amended]

135.Amend § 1940.401 by:

a. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (d)(4)(iii), removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 to the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
County Office" and adding "by Rural Development to the Rural Development County
Office" in its place.
§ 1940.406 [Amended]

136.Amend § 1940.406 by removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place.
Subpart L--Methodology and Formulas for Allocation of Loan and Grant Program
Funds Back to Top
§ 1940.551 [Amended]

137.Amend § 1940.551 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "Administrator of the Farmers Home Administration
(FmHA) or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"Administrator for the Rural Business-Cooperative Service or the Administrator
for the Rural Housing Service, as applicable," in its place; and

b. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§§ 1940.552, 1940.557, 1940.578, and 1940.585 [Amended]

138.Amend §§ 1940.552(e), 1940.577(b)(2), 1940.578(k), and 1940.585(g) by
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place.

139.Revise § 1940.560(b)(3) to read as follows:
§ 1940.560 Guaranteed Rural Rental Housing Program.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(3) State's percentage of National average cost per unit. The data source for
the criterion specified in paragraph (b)(1) of this section is the most recent
decennial Census of the United States (decennial Census). The data source for
the criterion specified in paragraph (b)(2) of this section is 5-year income
data from the American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other Census Bureau
data. The data source for the criterion specified in paragraph (b)(3) of this
section is the cost per unit data using the applicable maximum per unit dollar
amount limitations under section 207(c) of the National Housing Act, which can
be obtained from the Department of Housing and Urban Development. The percentage
representing each criterion is multiplied by the weight assigned and totaled to
arrive at a State factor.

State Factor = (criterion No. 1 × weight of 40%) + (criterion No. 1 × weight of
40%) + (criterion No. 1 × weight of 20%)

* * * * *

140.In § 1940.563, revise paragraph (b)(4) and add paragraph (b)(5) to read as
follows:
§ 1940.563 Section 502 non-subsidized guaranteed Rural Housing (RH) loans.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(4) State's percentage of the national number of rural renter households paying
more than 35 percent of income for rent. The data source for each criterion is
specified in paragraph (b)(5) of this section. Each criterion is assigned a
specific weight according to its relevance in determining need. The percentage
representing each criterion is multiplied by the weight factor and summed to
arrive at a basic State factor (SF) as follows:

SF = (criterion 1 × weight of 30%) + (criterion 2 × weight of 10%) + (criterion
3 × weight of 30%) + (criterion 4 × weight of 30%)

(5) The data source for the criteria specified in paragraphs (b)(1) and (b)(2)
of this section is the most recent decennial Census. The data source for the
criteria specified in paragraph (b)(3) and (b)(4) of this section is 5-year
income data from the American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other Census
Bureau data.

* * * * *

141.In § 1940.564, revise paragraph (b)(4) and add paragraph (b)(5) to read as
follows:
§ 1940.564 Section 502 subsidized guaranteed Rural Housing loans.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(4) State's percentage of the national number of rural renter households paying
more than 35 percent of income for rent. The data source for each criterion is
specified in paragraph (b)(5) of this section. Each criterion is assigned a
specific weight according to its relevance in determining need. The percentage
representing each criterion is multiplied by the weight factor and summed to
arrive at a basic State factor (SF) as follows:

SF = (criterion 1 × weight of 30%) + (criterion 2 × weight of 10%) + (criterion
3 × weight of 30%) + (criterion 4 × weight of 30%)

(5) The data source for the criteria specified in paragraphs (b)(1), (b)(2), and
(b)(4) of this section is the most recent decennial Census. The data source for
the criterion specified in paragraph (b)(3) of this section is 5-year income
data from the American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other Census Bureau
data.

* * * * *

142.Revise § 1940.566(b)(2) to read as follows:
§ 1940.566 Section 504 Housing Repair loans.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(2) State's percentage of the National number of rural households below 50
percent of area median income. The data source for the first criterion is the
most recent decennial Census data. The data source for the second criterion is
5-year income data from the American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other
Census Bureau data. Each criterion is assigned a specific weight according to
its relevance in determining need. The percentage representing each criterion is
multiplied by the weight factor and summed to arrive at a basic State factor
(SF).

SF = (criterion No. 1 × weight of 50%) + (criterion No. 2 × weight of 50%)

* * * * *

143.Revise § 1940.567(b)(3) to read as follows:
§ 1940.567 Section 504 Housing Repair grants.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(3) State's percentage of the National number of rural households below 50
percent of area median income. The data source for the first two of these
criteria is the most recent decennial Census data. The data source for the third
criterion is the 5-year data from the American Community Survey (ACS) or, if
needed, other Census Bureau data. Each criterion is assigned a specific weight
according to its relevance in determining need. The percentage representing each
criterion is multiplied by the weight factor and summed to arrive at a basic
State factor (SF).

SF = (criterion No. 1 × weight of 33 1/3%) + (criterion No. 2 × weight of 33
1/3%) + (criterion No. 3 × weight of 33 1/3%)

* * * * *

144.Revise § 1940.575(b)(3) to read as follows:
§ 1940.575 Section 515 Rural Rental Housing (RRH) loans.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(3) State's percentage of National rural families with incomes below the poverty
level. The data source for the first two of these criterion is the most recent
decennial Census data. The data source for the third criterion is the 5-year
data from the American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other Census Bureau
data. Each criterion is assigned a specific weight according to its relevance in
determining need. The percentage representing each criterion is multiplied by
the weight assigned and summed to arrive at a State factor (SF).

SF = (criterion No. 1 × weight of 33 1/3%) + (criterion No. 2 × weight of 33
1/3%) + (criterion No. 3 × weight of 33 1/3%)

* * * * *

145.Revise § 1940.585(b)(2) to read as follows:
§ 1940.585 Community Facility loans.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(2) The data source for the first criterion is the most recent decennial Census
data. The data source for the second criterion is the 5-year data from the
American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other Census Bureau data. The
data source for the third criterion is the most recent Bureau of Labor
Statistics data. Each criterion is assigned a specific weight according to its
relevance in determining need. The percentage representing each criterion is
multiplied by the weight factor and summed to arrive at a State factor (SF). The
SF cannot exceed 0.05.

SF = (criterion (b)(1)(i) × 50 percent) + (criterion (b)(1)(ii) × 25 percent) +
(criterion (b)(1)(iii) × 25 percent)

* * * * *

146.Amend § 1940.591 by:

a. Revising paragraph (b)(2); and

b. In paragraph (g), removing "(available in any FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 office)."

The revision reads as follows:
§ 1940.591 Community Program Guaranteed loans.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(2) The data source for the first criterion is the most recent decennial Census
data. The data source for the second criterion is the 5-year data from the
American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other Census Bureau data. The
data source for the third criterion is the most recent Bureau of Labor
Statistics data. Each criterion is assigned a specific weight according to its
relevance in determining need. The percentage representing each criterion is
multiplied by the weight factor and summed to arrive at a State factor (SF). The
SF cannot exceed 0.05.

SF = (criterion (b)(1)(i) × 50 percent) + (criterion (b)(1)(ii) × 25 percent) +
(criterion (b)(1)(iii) × 25 percent)

* * * * *

147.Revise § 1940.592(b)(2) to read as follows:
§ 1940.592 Community facilities grants.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(2) The data source for the first criterion is the most recent decennial Census
data. The data source for the second criterion is the 5-year data from the
American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other Census Bureau data. Each
criterion is assigned a specific weight according to its relevance in
determining need. The percentage representing each criterion is multiplied by
the weight factor and summed to arrive at a State factor (SF).

SF (criterion (b)(1)(i) × 50 percent) + (criterion (b)(1)(ii) × 50 percent)

* * * * *
Subpart T--System for Delivery of Certain Rural Development Programs Back to Top

§ 1940.951 [Amended]

148.Amend § 1940.951 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place; and

b. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1940.953 [Amended]

149.Amend § 1940.953 by:

a. In the definition of `Administrator', removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Business--Cooperative Service, Rural
Housing Service, or Rural Utilities Service" in its place; and

b. In the defintion of `State Director', removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§§ 1940.956, 1940.957, 1940.960, and 1940.969 [Amended]

150.Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and add "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1940.956;

b. Section 1940.957(d);

c. Section 1940.960(a); and

d. Section 1940.969.
§ 1940.961 [Amended]

151.Amend § 1940.961 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(1), removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction"
in its place and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
State" and adding "RD State" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

c. In paragraph (d)(1), removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction"
in its place.
§ 1940.965 [Amended]

152.Amend § 1940.965 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1940.968 [Amended]

153.Amend § 1940.968 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (c) and (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (h)(4), removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction"
in its place and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
office" and adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

d. In paragraph (i)(2)(vii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

e. In paragraph (i)(3)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

f. In paragraph (i)(3)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

g. In paragraph (i)(3)(iii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

h. In paragraph (i)(3)(iv), removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD
Instruction" in its place and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

i. In paragraph (j)(2):

i. Removing "Exhibit A (available from any FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354RD State Office), shall be attached to and become a permanent
part of Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 1940-A and
the following paragraphs will appear in the comment section of that form:" and
adding "Exhibit A of this subpart (available from any Rural Development State
Office) shall be attached to and become a permanent part of Form RD 1940-1 and
the following paragraphs will appear in the comment section of that form:" in
its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 7 CFR part
1940" and adding "7 CFR part 1940" in its place; and

iii. Removing "approved by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "approved by Rural Development" in its place;

j. In paragraph (j)(4), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will retain" and adding
"Rural Development will retain" in its place;

k. In paragraph (j)(6), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

l. In paragraphs (j)(7) and (l), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
PART 1942--ASSOCIATIONS Back to Top

154.The authority citation for part 1942 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989.
Subpart A--Community Facility Loan Back to Top
§ 1942.1 [Amended]

155.Amend § 1942.1 by:

a. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Agency's" in its place;

b. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

c. In pragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Agency" in its place.
§ 1942.2 [Amended]

156.Amend § 1942.2:

a. In paragraph (a)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD's" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(2)(iv), removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "by RD" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 funding" and adding "Agency funding" in its place and removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will issue" and adding "the Agency
will issue" in its place;

d. In paragraph (a)(4), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in their place;

e. In paragraph (c)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place; and

f. In paragraphs (d) and (e), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its
place.
§ 1942.3 [Amended]

157.Amend § 1942.3 by:

a. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

b. Removing "422-10" and adding "442-10" in its place; and

c. Removing "by the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by the RD" in its place.
§ 1942.5 [Amended]

158.Amend § 1942.5 by:

a. In paragraph (a) introductory text, removing "Ordinarily FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "The Rural Development" in
its place and removing "by the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "by the Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(1)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place and removing
"(Public Resolution)" and adding "(Public Bodies)" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(1)(ii):

i. Removing "approved by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
by written" and adding "approved by written" in its place;

ii. Removing "approved by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
shall" and adding "approved by RD shall" in its place;

iii. Removing "If FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 makes
the loan" and adding "If (insert agency name) makes the loan" in its place;

iv. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

v. Removing "submitted to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "submitted to RD" in its place; and

vi. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 reserves"
and adding "Rural Development reserves" in its place;

d. In paragraphs (b)(1)(ii)(E) and (c)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

e. In paragraph (d) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural Development office" in its
place and removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "Form RD" in its place;

f. In paragraphs (d)(1) and (d)(2), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

g. In paragraph (d)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Field Office terminal" and adding "automated terminal" in its place and
removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever
it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

h. In paragraph (d)(5):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Field" and
adding "Rural Development Field" in its place;

ii. Removing "the Legislative Affairs and Public Information Staff in the
National Office" and adding "the Legislative and Public Affairs Staff in the
Rural Development National Office" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

i. In paragraph (d)(6), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

j. In paragraph (d)(7) introductory text, removing "Form FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Field" and adding "Rural
Development Field" in its place; and

k. In paragraph (d)(7)(iii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1942.6 [Amended]

159.Amend § 1942.6 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1942.8 [Amended]

160.Amend § 1942.8:

a. In paragraph (d), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

b. In paragraph (g), removing "review of FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354's" and adding "review of Rural Developments's" in its place;
and

c. In paragraph (h), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 personnel" and adding "Rural Development personnel" in its place and
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction" and
adding "RD Instruction" in its place.
§ 1942.16 [Amended]

161.Amend § 1942.16 introductory text by removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding
"RD Instruction" in its place and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural Development office" in its place.
§ 1942.17 [Amended]

162.Amend § 1942.17 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"Rural Development" in its place wherever it occurs in the following places:

i. Paragraph (a);

ii. Paragraphs (b)(2)(i), (b)(3), and (b)(4);

iii. Paragraphs (c)(1), (c)(2) introductory text, and (c)(2)(iv) introductory
text;

iv. Paragraphs (d)(1)(iv)(B), (d)(1)(iv)(G) introductory text,
(d)(1)(iv)(G)(2)(ii), (d)(1)(v) introductory text, (d)(1)(v)(C), and
(d)(1)(v)(D);

v. Paragraphs (e)(1) introductory text, (e)(1)(ii), and (e)(4);

vi. Paragraph (f)(6);

vii. Paragraph (f)(7) introductory text and (f)(7)(i)(D);

viii. Paragraph (g) introductory text;

ix. Paragraphs (h) introductory text, (h)(1)(ii)(B), (h)(2)(ii)(A)(2),
(h)(2)(ii)(B), (h)(2)(iii) introductory text, (h)(2)(iii)(C), and (h)(3)
introductory text;

x. Paragraphs (j)(3)(i)(A) through (D), (j)(3)(ii)(A), (j)(4) introductory text,
(j)(4)(iii)(C), (j)(5), (j)(7), (j)(9), (j)(10)(ii), (j)(10)(iv), and (j)(11);

xi. Paragraphs (k) introductory text, (k)(1)(iv), (k)(4), and (k)(5);

xii. Paragraphs (m)(3) through (m)(6);

xiii. Paragraphs (n)(1), (n)(2)(xiii), (n)(3)(ii), and (n)(6);

xiv. Paragraph (o)(3);

xv. Paragraphs (p)(2) introductory text, (p)(2)(iii), and (p)(3)(i) through
(iii);

b. Revising paragraphs (b)(1)(i)(A), (b)(1)(i)(B), (b)(2)(iii), and (b)(2)(iv);

c. In paragraph (b)(5), removing in the paragraph heading "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354"; and removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 shall" and adding "The Government shall" in its place;

d. In paragraph (c)(2)(iii)(E), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 funds" and adding "Rural Devleopment funds" in its place and
removing "between FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and
adding "between Rural Development's" in its place;

e. In paragraph (d)(1)(v)(E):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 may" and
adding "Rural Development may" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's
authorization" and adding "Rural Development's authorization" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
authorization" and adding "Rural Development authorization" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 approval"
and adding "Rural Development approval" in its place;

f. In paragraph (f)(5), removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction"
in its place and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
office" and adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

g. In paragraph (f)(6), revising the third, fourth, and fifth sentences;

h. In paragraphs (g)(1) introductory text and (g)(1)(i), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "the
United States" in its place;

i. In paragraph (g)(1)(ii) introductory text:

i. Removing "acceptable to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "acceptable to the United States" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 portion" and
adding "United States portion" in its place;

iii. Removing "include FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "include United States" in its place;

iv. Removing "the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State
Director" and adding "the State Director" in its place; and

v. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 must" and
adding "The United States must" in its place;

j. In paragraph (g)(1)(iv), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354";

k. In paragraph (g)(2)(iii)(A)(7):

i. Removing "Farmers Home Adminstration or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

l. In paragraph (g)(3)(i) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

m. In paragraphs (g)(3)(i)(B) and (D), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "the United States" in
its place;

n. In paragraph (g)(3)(iii)(A)(3):

i. Removing "Farmers Home Adminstration or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

o. In paragraph (h)(2)(i)(B)(2), removing "the Farmers Home Administration or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in
its place;

p. In paragraph (j)(3) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354's" and adding "RD's" in its place;

q. In paragraph (j)(3)(ii)(B):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "acceptable to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "acceptable to Rural Development" in its place; and

iii. Removing "determined by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "determined by Rural Development" in its place;

r. Revising paragraph (j)(3)(iii);

s. In paragraph (j)(4)(i) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its
place;

t. In paragraph (j)(4)(i)(A), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "give FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "give Rural
Development" in its place;

u. In paragraph (j)(4)(i)(B) introductory text, removing "Form FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form
RD" in its place and removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

v. In paragraph (j)(4)(i)(B)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its
place and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and
adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

w. In paragraph (j)(6)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

x. In paragraph (k)(7), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 financial" and adding "Agency financial" in its place and removing "The
FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State Director" and adding
"The State Director" in its place;

y. In paragraph (k)(8), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

z. In paragraph (l)(1):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 concurrence"
and adding "Agency concurrence" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354/EPA" and
adding "Agency/EPA" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 and EPA" and
adding "RD and EPA" in its place;

aa. In paragraph (l)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place;

bb. In paragraphs (l)(4) and (m)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

cc. In paragraph (m)(2):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will
tentatively" and adding "RD will tentatively" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loan" and
adding "agency loan" in its place;

iii. Removing "from FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "from Rural Development" in its place;

iv. Removing "where FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "where Rural Development" in its place;

v. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will notify"
and adding "Rural Development will notify" in its place; and

vi. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loans" and
adding "Rural Development loans" in its place;

dd. In paragraph (n)(2) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its
place;

ee. In paragraph (n)(2)(vii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

ff. In paragraph (n)(2)(x), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place;

gg. In paragraph (n)(3) introductory text:

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 funds" and
adding "Rural Development funds" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's
commitment" and adding "Rural Development's commitment" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loan" and
adding "Rural Development loan" in its place;

iv. Removing "When an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "When a Rural Development" in its place; and

v. Removing "provide FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "provide Rural Development" in its place;

hh. In paragraph (p)(2)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

ii. In paragraph (p)(4):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 funds" and
adding "Rural Development funds" in its place;

ii. Removing "benefit of FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "benefit of Rural Development" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

jj. In paragraph (p)(5), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 funds" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place
and removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by the Agency" in its place;

kk. In paragraph (p)(6)(i)(A):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loan" and
adding "agency loan" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 grant" and
adding "agency grant" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
indebtedness" and adding "RD indebtedness" in its place; and

11.In paragraph (p)(6)(i)(B), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "agency" in its place.

The revisions read as follows:
§ 1942.17 Community facilities.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(1) * * *

(i) * * *

(A) Loans for water or waste disposal facilities will not be made to a city or
town with a population in excess of 10,000 inhabitants. The population figure is
obtained from the most recent decennial Census of the United States (decennial
Census). If the applicable population figure cannot be obtained from the most
recent decennial Census, RD will determine the applicable population figure
based on available population data.

(B) Loans for essential community facilities will not be made to a city or town
with a population in excess of 20,000 inhabitants according to the most recent
decennial Census.

* * * * *

(2) * * *

(iii) For water or waste disposal facilities, the terms rural and rural area
will not include any area in any city or town with a population in excess of
10,000 inhabitants. The population figure is obtained from the most recent
decennial Census. If the applicable population figure cannot be obtained from
the most recent decennial Census, RD will determine the applicable population
figure based on available population data.

(iv) For essential community facilities, the terms rural and rural area will not
include any area in any city or town with a population in excess of 20,000
inhabitants. The population figure is obtained from the most recent decennial
Census. If the applicable population figure cannot be obtained from the most
recent decennial Census, RD will determine the applicable population figure
based on available population data.

* * * * *

(f) * * *

(6) Income determination.* * * The median household income of the service area
and the nonmetropolitan median household income of the State will be determined
from 5-year income data from the American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed,
other Census Bureau data. If there is reason to believe that the ACS or other
Census Bureau data does not accurately represent the median household income
within the area to be served, the reasons will be documented and the applicant
may furnish, or Rural Development may obtain, additional information regarding
such median household income data. Information must consist of reliable data
from local, regional, State or Federal sources or from a survey conducted by a
reliable impartial source. * * *

(j) * * *

(3) * * *

(iii) Insurance. The following types of coverage must be maintained if
appropriate for the type of project and entity involved. Insurance must be in
amounts acceptable to the Agency and at least equivalent to coverage for real
property and equipment acquired without Federal funds.

(A) Property insurance. Fire and extended coverage will normally be maintained
on all structures except as noted in paragraphs (j)(3)(iii)(A)(1) and (2) of
this section. Ordinarily, Rural Development should be listed as mortgagee on the
policy when Rural Development has a lien on the property. Normally, major items
of equipment or machinery located in the insured structures must also be
covered. Exceptions:

(1) Reservoirs, standpipes, elevated tanks, and other structures built entirely
of noncombustible materials if such structures are not normally insured.

(2) Subsurface lift stations except for the value of electrical and pumping
equipment therein.

(B) Liability and property damage insurance, including vehicular coverage.

(C) Malpractice insurance. The need and requirements for malpractice insurance
will be carefully and thoroughly considered in connection with each health care
facility financed.

(D) Flood insurance. Facilities located in special flood- and mudslide-prone
areas must comply with the eligibility and insurance requirements of subpart B
of part 1806 of this chapter (RD Instruction 426.2).

(E) Worker's compensation. The borrower will carry worker's compensation
insurance for employees in accordance with State laws.

* * * * *
§ 1942.18 [Amended]

163.Amend § 1942.18 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"Rural Development" in its place wherever it occurs in the following places:

i. Paragraph (b);

ii. Paragraph (c);

iii. Paragraphs (d) introductory text, (d)(4), and (d)(11);

iv. Paragraph(e)(2);

v. Paragraphs(f)(1) introductory text, (f)(1)(iii)(C), (f)(5), and (f)(6);

vi. Paragraph (g);

vii. Paragraph (h);

viii. Paragraphs (j)(1) introductory text, (j)(2), and (j)(5)(iv);

ix. Paragraph (k)(5);

x. Paragraphs (m) introductory text, (m)(1) introductory text, (m)(2), and
(m)(4);

xi. Paragraphs (n) introductory text, (n)(5), (n)(6), (n)(8), (n)(9), and
(n)(11); and

xii. Paragraphs (o)(2) introductory text, (o)(2)(iii) introductory text,
(o)(2)(iii)(B), (o)(4)(iv), (o)(6), (o)(7)(i) introductory text, and (o)(7)(iii)
introductory text;

b. In paragraph (d)(1) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

c. In paragraph (d)(1)(i):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 offices" and
adding "Rural Development offices" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's
eligibility" and adding "the Rural Development's eligibility" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

d. In paragraph (d)(16), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 will" and adding "Rural Development will" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's State" and adding
"Rural Development's State" in its place;

e. In paragraph (e)(1):

i. Removing "from FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "from Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and
adding "Rural Development's" in its place; and

iii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

f. In paragraph (f) introductory text:

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State" and
adding "Rural Development State" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 review" and
adding "Rural Development review" in its place;

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loan" and
adding "Rural Development loan" in its place; and

v. Removing "pledged to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "pledged to Rural Development" in its place;

g. In paragraphs (f)(1)(iii)(B)(2) and(3), removing "Form FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

h. In paragraph (n)(3):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

iii. Removing "acting through the Farmers Home Administration or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "acting through Rural Development"
in its place;

i. In paragraph (o)(1), removing "where FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "where Rural Development" in its place and
removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever
it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

j. In paragraph (o)(3):

i. Removing "made by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "made by Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 for
acceptance" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development for acceptance" in
its place;

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

iv. Removing "from FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "from Rural Development" in its place;

k. In paragraph (o)(5), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 State" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development State" in its
place and removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "Form RD" in its place;

l. In paragraph (o)(7)(i)(C), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place; and

m. In paragraph (o)(7)(ii), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State" and adding "the Rural
Development State" in its place.
§ 1942.19 [Amended]

164.Amend § 1942.19 by:

a. In the following paragraphs, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its
place:

i. Paragraphs (b)(1), (b)(2) introductory text, (b)(2)(iv), and (b)(2)(vi);

ii. Paragraph (c)(11);

iii. Paragraph (d);

iv. Paragraphs (e) introductory text and (e)(2)(i) through (e)(2)(iii);

v. Paragraph (f);

vi. Paragraph (g) introductory text; and

vii. Paragraphs (h)(1), (h)(4), (h)(7), (h)(9), (h)(10)(ii), and (h)(10)(iii).

b. In paragraph (c) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in
its place and removing "discusesd" and adding "discussed" in its place;

c. In paragraph (e)(1), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

d. In paragraph (e)(2), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 advance" and adding
"Rural Development advance" in its place;

e. In paragraph (h)(2):

i. Removing "purchased by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "purchased by Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "Farmers Home Administration or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

iii. Removing "address of FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "address of Rural Development" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State
Office" and adding "Rural Development State Office" in its place;

f. In paragraph (h)(10)(iv), removing "FmHA" and adding "RD" in its place;

g. In paragraph (h)(11)(iii), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place; and

h. In paragraph (i):

i. Removing "Bidding by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "Bidding by Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will not"
and adding "Rural Development will not" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's rates"
and adding "Rural Development's rates" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will
negotiate" and adding "Rural Development will negotiate" in its place.
§ 1942.20 [Amended]

165.Amend § 1942.20 by:

a. In paragraph (a) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354";

b. In paragraph (a)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Agency's" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(12), removing "Farmers Home Administration or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354--Department of Agriculture Pertaining to EDA
Public Works Projects Assisted by an FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 Loan" and adding "Department of Agriculture Pertaining to EDA Public
Works Projects Assisted by an Agency Loan" in its place;

d. In paragraph (a)(13), removing "Farmers Home Administration or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354-";

e. In paragraphs (a)(18) and (a)(20), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

f. In paragraph (a)(25), removing "EPA and FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Environmental Protection Agency and the Agency"
in its place; and

g. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Agency" in its place.
Subpart C--Fire and Rescue and Other Small Community Facilities Projects Back to
Top
§ 1942.102 [Amended]

166.Amend § 1942.102 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "RD's" in its place.
§ 1942.105 [Amended]

167.Amend § 1942.105 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1942.107 [Amended]

168.Amend § 1942.107(c) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 funds" and adding "Agency funds" in its place and by removing "by
Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "by RD" in its place.
§ 1942.108 [Amended]

169.Amend § 1942.108(c) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1942.112 [Amended]

170.Amend § 1942.112 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(2)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(3) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 approval" and adding "Agency approval" in its place and
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 determines" and
adding "RD determines" in its place;

c. In paragraphs (a)(3)(iii) and (a)(3)(iv), removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

d. In paragraph (a)(3)(v):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 may
authorize" and adding "RD may authorize" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's
authorization" and adding "RD's authorization" in its place;

iii. Removing "and FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
authorization" and adding "and Agency authorization" in its place; and

iv. Removing "without FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
approval" and adding "without Agency approval" in its place.
§ 1942.114 [Amended]

171.Amend § 1942.114 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (a)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place.
§ 1942.115 [Amended]

172.Amend § 1942.115 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 may require" and adding "RD may require" in its place and by removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 employee" and adding
"Agency employee" in its place.
§ 1942.116 [Amended]

173.Amend § 1942.116 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place; and

b. In paragraphs (a) and (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1942.122 [Amended]

174.Amend § 1942.122 by:

a. In the heading of paragraph (a), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (f), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1942.123 [Amended]

175.Amend § 1942.123 by:

a. In paragraphs (a)(1) and (i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (k):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 personnel"
and adding "Agency personnel" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "RD office" in its place.
§ 1942.126 [Amended]

176.Amend § 1942.126 by:

a. In paragraph (b) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 may" and adding "RD may" in its place and removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "RD office" in its
place;

c. In paragraph (b)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 concurrence" and adding "Agency concurrence" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 may" and adding "RD may"
in its place;

d. In paragraphs (b)(3), (c), and (d)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place;

e. In paragraph (d)(2):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 for approval"
and adding "RD for approval" in its place;

ii. Removing "approved by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "approved by RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 District"
and adding "Agency District" in its place;

f. In paragraph (h) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

g. In paragraph (k), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place;

h. In paragraph (l)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 will" and adding "RD will" in its place and removing "Form FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form
RD" in its place;

i. In paragraph (l)(2), removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "to RD" in its place and removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 funds" and adding "Agency funds" in its place;

j. In paragraph (l)(2)(iii) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

k. In paragraph (l)(2)(iii)(B), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

l. In paragraph (l)(3) introductory text:

i. Removing "or FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "or RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "inspector to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "inspector to RD" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 District"
and adding "Agency District" in its place;

iv. Removing "guide 11" and adding "Guide 11" in its place;

v. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

vi. Removing "Inspections by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Inspections by RD" in its place;

m. In paragraph (l)(4), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State Director" and adding "Agency
State Director" in its place;

n. In paragraphs (l)(5) and (l)(6)(i) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in
its place;

o. In paragraph (l)(6)(i)(C), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354's" and adding "RD's" in its place; and

p. In paragraph (l)(6)(ii), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 District" and adding "Agency District"
in its place; and

q. In paragraph (l)(6)(iii) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place.
§ 1942.127 [Amended]

177.Amend § 1942.127 by:

a. In paragraph (e)(1), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing
"by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "by RD" in
its place; and

b. In paragraph (e)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 loan" and adding "Agency loan" in its place and removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 may" and adding "RD may" in its place.

§ 1942.128 [Amended]

178.Amend § 1942.128(b) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1942.134 [Amended]

179.Amend § 1942.134 introductory text by removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding
"RD Instruction" in its place and by removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 Office" and adding "Rural Development office" in its
place.
Subpart G--Rural Business Enterprise Grants and Television Demonstration Grants
Back to Top
§ 1942.301 [Amended]

180.Amend § 1942.301 by removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever they occur and adding "Agency" in their
place.
§§ 1942.302. 1942.303, and 1942.304 [Amended]

181.Amend §§ 1942.302, 1942.303, and 1942.304 by removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Agency" in its
place.

182.In addition to the amendments set forth above, in § 1942.304, revise the
definition of "Rural and Rural Area" to read as follows:
§ 1942.304 Definitions.

* * * * *

Rural and Rural Area. Any area other than a city or town that has a population
of greater than 50,000 inhabitants and the urbanized area contiguous and
adjacent to such a city or town. The population figure is obtained from the most
recent decennial Census. If the applicable population figure cannot be obtained
from the most recent decennial Census, RD will determine the applicable
population figure based on available population data.

* * * * *
§ 1942.305 [Amended]

183.Amend § 1942.305 by:

a. In paragraph (b) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place; and

b. In paragraphs (b)(3)(iv)(A), (b)(3)(iv)(C), (b)(3)(iv)(E), and (b)(3)(v),
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD"
in its place.
§ 1942.306 [Amended]

184.Amend § 1942.306(c) by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 grant" and
adding "Agency grant" in its place;

b. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loan" and
adding "Agency loan" in its place; and

c. Removing "with FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "with RD" in its place.
§ 1942.308 [Amended]

185.Amend § 1942.308 by:

a. In paragraph (a):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 assistance"
and adding "Agency assistance" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 has" and
adding "RD has" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
regulations" and adding "Agency regulations" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place; and

c. In paragraph (d):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 for" and
adding "RD for" in its place;

ii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State" and
adding "Agency State" in its place.
§ 1942.310 [Amended]

186.Amend § 1942.310 by:

a. In paragraph (a):

i. Removing "When FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "When RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "no FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "no Agency" in its place;

iii. Removing "unless FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "unless RD" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 shall" and
adding "RD shall" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 will" and adding "RD will" in its place;

c. In paragraph (b)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "RD's" in its place;

d. In paragraph (b)(4):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "RD will" in its place;

iii. Removing "Forms FmHA" and adding "Forms RD" in its place;

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" wherever
it occurs and adding "RD's" in its place;

v. Removing "prior to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "prior to RD" in its place; and

vi. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 may" and
adding "RD may" in its place;

e. In paragraph (c)(1) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place;

f. In paragraph (c)(1)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

g. In paragraph (c)(3):

i. Removing "applicant to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "applicant to RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 National"
and adding "Agency National" in its place; and

iii. Removing "provided FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "provided RD" in its place;

h. In paragraph (c)(4):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 grant" and
adding "Agency grant" in its place;

ii. Removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "to RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "from FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "from RD" in its place.
§§ 1942.311 and 1942.313 [Amended]

187.Amend §§ 1942.311(b) and 1942.313(b) by removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1942.315 [Amended]

188.Amend § 1942.315(b) by removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1942.316 [Amended]

189.Amend § 1942.316(a) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
PART 1944--HOUSING Back to Top

190.The authority citation for part 1944 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 42 U.S.C. 1480.
Subpart B--Housing Application Packaging Grants Back to Top
§ 1944.51 [Amended]

191.Amend § 1944.51 by removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in their place.
§§ 1944.52 and 1944.53 [Amended]

192.Amend §§ 1944.52 and 1944.53 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its
place.

193.In addition to the amendments set forth above, in § 1944.52, revise the
definition of "Designated counties" to read as follows:
§ 1944.52 Definitions.

* * * * *

Designated counties. These counties are listed in exhibit D of this subpart. The
counties meet the following criteria:

(1) Twenty percent or more of the county population is at or below the poverty
level based on the most recent 5-year survey of the American Community Survey of
the Census Bureau or other Census Bureau data if needed; and

(2) Ten percent or more of the occupied housing units are substandard based on
the most recent decennial Census of the United States.

* * * * *
§ 1944.71 [Amended]

194.Amend § 1944.71(b) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place.
§ 1944.73 [Amended]

195.Amend § 1944.73 by:

a. In paragraph (a) introductory text:

i. Removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office"
and adding "a Rural Development office" in its place;

ii. Removing "the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office"
and adding "the Rural Development office" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iv. Removing "any FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office"
and adding "any Rural Development office" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(2), removing "FmHA" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in
its place; and

d. In paragraphs (b) and (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
Subpart I--Self-Help Technical Assistance Grants Back to Top
§ 1944.401 [Amended]

196.Amend § 1944.401 by removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "to Rural Development" in its place and by removing "an
FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "a Rural
Development" in its place.
§ 1944.402 [Amended]

197.Amend § 1944.402 introductory text by removing "Farmers Home Administration
(FmHA) or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural
Development" in its place.
§ 1944.403, 1944.404, 1944.415, 1944.416, 1944.419, 1944.422, and 1944.426
[Amended]

198.Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and add "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1944.403;

b. Section 1944.404;

c. Section 1944.415;

d. Section 1944.416;

e. Section 1944.419;

f. Section 1944.422; and

g. Section 1944.426.
§ 1944.410 [Amended]

199.Amend § 1944.410 by:

a. In paragraphs (b)(1)(ii) and (c)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

b. In paragraph (c)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

c. In paragraph (e)(6), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1944.411 [Amended]

200.Amend § 1944.411 by:

a. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (g), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1944.412 [Amended]

201.Amend § 1944.412 by removing "FmHA" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in
its place.
§ 1944.413 [Amended]

202.Amend § 1944.413 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1944.417 [Amended]

203.Amend § 1944.417 by:

a. In the introductory text to the section, removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural
Development" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (a)(1), (a)(2)(i), and (a)(2)(ii), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

c. In paragraphs (b) introductory text, (b)(1)(ii), and (b)(2), removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding
"Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1944.423 [Amended]

204.Amend § 1944.423 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" wherever
it occurs and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

b. Removing "only FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 can" and
adding "only Rural Development can" in its place; and

c. Removing "with FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 in the"
and adding "with Rural Development in the" in its place.
§ 1944.425 [Amended]

205.Amend § 1944.425 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place.
Subpart K--Technical and Supervisory Assistance Grants Back to Top
§ 1944.501 [Amended]

206.Amend § 1944.501 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 employee" and adding "Rural Development employee" in its place and
removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 employee" and
adding "a Rural Development employee" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (b), removing "The Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place.
§ 1944.502 [Amended]

207.Amend § 1944.502 by:

a. In paragraphs (a) introductory text, (a)(1), and (b), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place;

b. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place and removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 resources" and adding "Rural
Development resources" in its place; and

c. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§§ 1944.506, 1944.510, 1944.512, 1944.514, 1944.516, 1944.520, 1944.525,
1944.529, 1944.538, 1944.541, 1944.543, 1944.547, and 1944.549 [Amended]

208.Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and add "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1944.506;

b. Section 1944.510;

c. Section 1944.512;

d. Section 1944.514;

e. Section 1944.516;

f. Section 1944.520;

g. Section 1944.525;

h. Section 1944.529;

i. Section 1944.538;

j. Section 1944.541;

k. Section 1944.543;

l. Section 1944.547; and

m. Section 1944.549.
§ 1944.526 [Amended]

209.Amend § 1944.526 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(2)(i)(E), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

b. In paragraphs (a)(5) and (c)(1)(i), removing "Form FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its
place.
§ 1944.531 [Amended]

210.Amend § 1944.531 by removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place and by
removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" from
paragraph (c)(13) and adding "by Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1944.533 [Amended]

211.Amend § 1944.533 by:

a. In paragraphs (c), (d), (f)(1), (f)(2) introductory text, (f)(2)(iii),
(f)(2)(iv), (f)(4) introductory text, (f)(4)(i), and (f)(6), removing "Form FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever its occurs and adding
"Form RD" in its place;

b. In paragraph (e) introductory text, removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding
"RD Instruction" in its place and removing "Director of Information in the
National Office" and adding "Director, Legislative and Public Affairs Staff
(LAPAS), in the Rural Development National Office" in its place;

c. In paragraph (f)(4)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

d. In paragraph (f)(5), removing "LAPIS" wherever it occurs and adding "LAPAS"
in its place and removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1944.535 [Amended]

212.Amend § 1944.535 by:

a. In paragraphs (a) and (b), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Appeal" and adding "Rural Development Appeal" in its place.
§ 1944.536 [Amended]

213.Amend § 1944.536 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 determines" and adding "Rural Development determines" in its place and
by removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1944.540 [Amended]

214.Amend § 1944.540 by:

a. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1944.545 [Amended]

215.Amend § 1944.545 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 440-1" and adding "RD 1940-1" in its place.
§ 1944.548 [Amended]

216.Amend § 1944.548 by:

a. In the section heading, in paragraph (a), and in paragraph (b) introductory
text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (b)(3), removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction"
in its place.
Subpart N--Housing Preservation Grants Back to Top
§ 1944.654 [Amended]

217.Amend § 1944.654 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "FmHA Instruction" wherever it occurs and adding
"RD Instruction" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in
its place and removing "any Agency office" and adding "any Rural Development
office" in its place.
§ 1944.657 [Amended]

218.Amend § 1944.657 by removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction"
in its place and by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 office" and adding "Rural Development office" in its place.
§ 1944.658 [Amended]

219.Amend § 1944.658(a)(3) by removing "or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs.
§§ 1944.660, 1944.663, 1944.664, 1944.666, 1944.668, 1944.671, 1944.674,
1944.678, 1944.679, 1944.681, 1944.683, 1944.684, and 1944.689 [Amended]

220.Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and add "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1944.660 section heading and paragraph (a);

b. Section 1944.663(a)(7) and (a)(8);

c. Section 1944.664(c)(10)(ii);

d. Section 1944.666(a)(2), (b)(5), and (c);

e. Section 1944.668;

f. Section 1944.671(b) introductory text and paragraphs (b)(2) and (c);

g. Section 1944.674(b) and (c);

h. Section 1944.678;

i. Section 1944.679(b) introductory text and paragraph (b)(4);

j. Section 1944.681;

k. Section 1944.683(a), (b) introductory text, (c), and (d);

l. Section 1944.684 (a), (b) introductory text, (b)(2), (c), and (d); and

m. Section 1944.689(b).
§ 1944.672 [Amended]

221.Amend § 1944.672 by:

a. In paragraphs (c) and (e) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (e)(3):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's
environmental" and adding "Rural Development's environmental" in its place; and

ii. Removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
environmental" and adding "a Rural Development environmental" in its place; and

c. In paragraph (g), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1944.673 [Amended]

222.Amend § 1944.673 by:

a. In paragraph (a):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 has" and
adding "Rural Development has" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office"
wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1944.676 [Amended]

223.Amend § 1944.676 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "appropriate FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "appropriate Rural Development" in its place and
removing "any FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office" and
adding "any Rural Development office" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (b) introductory text, (b)(1)(iv), and (b)(1)(xii), removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural
Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (b)(1)(iii):

i. Removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office"
wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

iii. Removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "to Rural Development" in its place;

d. In paragraph (b)(1)(x), removing "Rural Development or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354";

e. In paragraph (c), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural Development
office" in its place;

f. In paragraph (d)(4), removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction"
in its place and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
office" and adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

g. In paragraph (d)(5), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 office" and adding "Rural Development office" in its place and removing
"to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "to Rural
Development" in its place;

h. In paragraph (g), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

i. In paragraph (h), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1944.682 [Amended]

224.Amend § 1944.682 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 determines"
and adding "Rural Development determines" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

c. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

d. In paragraph (c):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "Rural Development will" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

iv. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever
it occurs and adding "by Rural Development" in its place; and

e. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1944.688 [Amended]

225.Amend § 1944.688 by:

a. In paragraphs (a) and (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its
place; and

b. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's appeal" and adding "Rural Development's appeal" in its place.
§ 1944.690 [Amended]

226.Amend § 1944.690 by removing "Administrator of FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Under Secretary for Rural Development (or
designee)" in its place.
PART 1948--RURAL DEVELOPMENT Back to Top

227.The authority citation for part 1948 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1932 note.
Subpart B--Section 601 Energy Impacted Area Development Assistance Back to Top
§ 1948.51 [Amended]

228.Amend § 1948.51 by:

a. Removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. Removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "to Rural Development" in its place; and

c. Removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "a Rural Development" in its place.
§§ 1948.53, 1948.56, 1948.60, 1948.62, 1948.68, 1948.70, 1948.81, 1948.86,
1948.88, 1948.91, 1948.94, and 1948.95 [Amended]

229.Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and add "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1948.53;

b. Section 1948.56;

c. Section 1948.60;

d. Section 1948.62(b);

e. Section 1948.68(g);

f. Section 1948.70(b);

g. Section 1948.81(a) and (b);

h. Section 1948.86(a)(1) and (a)(2);

i. Section 1948.88;

j. Section 1948.91;

k. Section 1948.94(a) introductory text and (b); and

l. Section 1948.95.

230.Revise § 1948.61 introductory text to read as follows:
§ 1948.61 State supplements and guides.

Rural Development State Directors will obtain National Office clearance for all
State supplements and guides in accordance with paragraph VIII of RD Instruction
2006-B, (available in any Rural Development office).

* * * * *
§ 1948.70 [Amended]

231.Amend § 1948.70(c) by removing "Administrator of FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Under Secretary for Rural
Development" in its place.
§ 1948.79 [Amended]

232.Amend § 1948.79 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

i. Paragraph (a);

ii. Paragraph (c) introductory text;

iii. Paragraph (e) introductory text;

iv. Paragraph (f);

v. Paragraph (g);

vi. Paragraph (h) introductory text;

vii. Paragraph (i);

viii. Paragraph (j);

ix. Paragraphs (k) introductory text and (k)(12);

b. In paragraph (c)(4), removing "Forms FmHA" and adding "Form RD" in its place
and removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

c. In paragraph (k)(8), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 440-1" and adding "RD 1940-1" in its place; and

d. In paragraphs (k)(9) and (k)(10), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1948.81 [Amended]

233.Amend § 1948.81(d) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 State" and adding "Rural Development State" in its place and by
removing "Administrator, FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "Under Secretary for Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1948.82 [Amended]

234.Amend § 1948.82 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

i. Paragraphs (a) introductory text and (a)(10);

ii. Paragraph (c);

iii. Paragraph (d);

iv. Paragraph (e);

v. Paragraphs (f) introductory text, (f)(1), and (f)(2);

vi. Paragraph (g);

vii. Paragraph (h); and

viii. Paragraph (m).

b. In paragraph (i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 National" and adding "Rural Development State" in its place and removing
"Administrator" and adding "Under Secretary for Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (j), removing "Administrator, FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354, the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
State" and adding "Under Secretrary for Rural Development, the Rural Development
State" in its place;

d. In paragraph (k), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Stae" and adding "Rural Development State" in its place and removing
"Administrator, FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Under Secretrary for Rural Development" in its place; and

e. In paragraph (l), removing "Administrator of FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Under Secretary for Rural Development" in
its place.
§§ 1948.83 and 1948.97 [Amended]

235.Amend §§ 1948.83 and 1948.97 by removing "FmHA" and adding "RD" in its
place.
§ 1948.84 [Amended]

236.Amend § 1948.84 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

i. Paragraph (a);

ii. Paragraph (d) introductory text;

iii. Paragraphs (e) introductory text and (e)(1);

iv. Paragraph (f);

v. Paragraph (g);

vi. Paragraph (h) introductory text;

vii. Paragraph (i) introductory text; and

viii. Paragraphs (i)(14) and (i)(17).

b. In paragraph (b):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "The Rural Development office" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 District"
and adding "Rural Development District" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State" and
adding "the Rural Development State" in its place; and

iv. Removing "the time the AD-622" and adding "the time the Form AD-622" in its
place;

c. In paragraphs (d)(2) and (d)(8), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

d. In paragraph (d)(9), removing "Forms FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 400-1 and Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 400-4" and adding "Form RD 400-1 and Form RD 400-4" in its place;

e. In paragraph (i)(10), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 440-1" and adding "RD 1940-1" in its place;

f. In paragraph (i)(11), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

g. In paragraph (i)(12), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 400" and adding "RD 400-4" in its place; and

h. In paragraph (i)(13), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1948.89 [Amended]

237.Amend § 1948.89 by:

a. In the heading of the section and in paragraph (a) introductory text,
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(1):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State"
wherever it occurs and adding "the Rural Development State" in its place;

ii. Removing "Administrator, FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Under Secretary for Rural Development" in its place; and

iii. Removing "for FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "for Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(2), removing "Administrator" and adding "Under Secretary for
Rural Development" in its place;

d. In paragraph (a)(3), removing "Administrator, FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Under Secretary for Rural Development" in
its place; and

e. In paragraphs (a)(4), (a)(5), and (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1948.90 [Amended]

238.Amend § 1948.90 by:

a. In paragraphs (a) introductory text and (a)(1), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural
Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(2):

i. Removing "Administrator, FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Under Secretary for Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

iii. Removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "to Rural Development" in its place; and

iv. Removing "by the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by the Rural Development" in its place; and

c. In paragraphs (a)(3), (b)(2), (b)(3), and (b)(5), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural
Development" in its place.
§ 1948.92 [Amended]

239.Amend § 1948.92 by:

a. In paragraphs (a) and (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (c):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State" and
adding "Rural Development State" in its place;

ii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

c. In paragraphs (d) and (e), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 440-1" and adding "RD 1940-1" in its place;

d. In paragraph (f):

i. Removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Director of Information, Farmers Home Administration or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Director, Legislative and
Public Affairs Staff (LAPAS), in the Rural Development National Office" in its
place;

e. In paragraph (g)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

f. In paragraph (g)(4), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State" and adding "Rural
Development State" in its place;

g. In paragraph (g)(6), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 440-1" and adding "Form RD 1940-1" in its place and removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 National" and adding "Rural
Development National" in its place;

h. In paragraph (g)(7), removing "Director of Information in the FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 National Office" and adding "Director,
LAPAS, in the Rural Development National Office" in its place;

i. In paragraph (g)(10), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

j. In paragraph (g)(11):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State" and
adding "Rural Development State" in its place;

ii. Removing "Director, Legislative Affairs and Public Information Staff
(LAPIS)" and adding "Director, LAPAS" in its place;

iii. Removing "LAPIS" wherever it occurs and adding "LAPAS" in its place; and

iv. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1948.93 [Amended]

240.Amend § 1948.93 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place and by
removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place.
§ 1948.94 [Amended]

241.Amend § 1948.94 by:

a. In paragraph (a) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in
its place; and

b. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA Instruction 402.1 (available in any FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office)" and adding "RD
Instruction 1902-A (available in any Rural Development office)" in its place and
removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"to Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1948.96 [Amended]

242.Amend § 1948.96 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "FmHA" and adding "RD" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
PART 1950--GENERAL Back to Top
Subpart C--Servicing Accounts of Borrowers Entering the Armed Forces Back to Top

243.The authority citation for subpart C of part 1950 continues to read as
follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; and 42 U.S.C. 1480.
§ 1950.101 [Amended]

244.Amend § 1950.101 by removing "Farmers Home Administration or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 (FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354)" and adding "Rural Development" in its place and by removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 regulations" and adding "Rural
Development regulations" in its place.
§ 1950.102 [Amended]

245.Amend § 1950.102(a) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 will" and adding "Rural Development will" in its place and by
removing "policy FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "policy of Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1950.103 [Amended]

246.Amend § 1950.103 by:

a. In the section heading, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 loan" and adding "government loan" in its place and removing "borrower
and FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "borrower
and Rural Development" in its place; and

c. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place and removing "Address
or Name" and adding "Address, Name, Case Number, or Loan Number" in its place.
§ 1950.104 [Amended]

247.Amend § 1950.104 by:

a. In the section heading, introductory text, and paragraph (a), removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development"
in its place;

b. In paragraph (b) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (b)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

d. In paragraph (e), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1950.105 [Amended]

248.Amend § 1950.105(b) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
PART 1951--SERVICING AND COLLECTIONS Back to Top

249.The authority citation for part 1951 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1932 note; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 31 U.S.C. 3716; 42 U.S.C. 1480.

Subpart A--Account Servicing Policies Back to Top
§ 1951.2 [Amended]

250.Amend § 1951.2 by removing "Farmers Home Administration or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 (FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354)" and adding "Agency" in its place.
§ 1951.3 [Amended]

251.Amend § 1951.3 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place.
§ 1951.7 [Amended]

252.Amend § 1951.7 by:

a. In paragraph (b)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (b)(4)(i), (c), and (d)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its
place;

c. In paragraph (e), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 borrowers will be maintained in the County Office on Forms FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 1905-1, FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 1905-5, FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 1905-10, "Management System Card-Association," as provided in FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction 1905-A (available in
any FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office)" and adding
"Agency borrowers will be maintained in the County Office as provided in RD
Instruction 1905-A (available in any Agency office)" in its place;

d. In paragraph (h) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place;

e. In paragraphs (h)(1) and (h)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place; and

f. In paragraph (h)(3):

i. Removing "Forms FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Forms RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "copy(ies) of Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "copy(ies) of Form RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "; a copy of Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 1951-58, "Basis for Loan Account Payment Application for Farmer Program
Loans;".
§ 1951.8 [Amended]

253.Amend § 1951.8(b)(3) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1951.9 [Amended]

254.Amend § 1951.9 by:

a. In the section heading, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

b. In the introductory text, removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(1) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

d. In paragraph (a)(1)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

e. In paragraphs (a)(1)(ii), (a)(1)(iii), (a)(1)(iv), (a)(2), and (b), removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and
adding "Agency" in its place.
§ 1951.10 [Amended]

255.Amend § 1951.10 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (a)(6), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place.
§ 1951.11 [Amended]

256.Amend § 1951.11 by:

a. In paragraph (d)(1)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

b. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1951.12 [Amended]

257.Amend § 1951.12 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 loan" and adding "Agency loan" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place; and

c. In paragraphs (c)(1) and (c)(2), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1951.14 [Amended]

258.Amend § 1951.14(b) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1951.25 [Amended]

259.Amend § 1951.25(b)(2)(ii) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.

260.Revise Exhibit A to subpart A of 7 CFR part 1951 to read as follows:
Exhibit A to Subpart A of Part 1951--Notice to Agency Borrowers Back to Top

Agency borrowers with community program loan types made under the Consolidated
Farm and Rural Development Act may request a loan summary statement which shows
the calendar year account activity for each loan. Interested borrowers may
request these statements through their local Rural Development office.
Subpart D--Final Payment of Loans Back to Top
§ 1951.153 [Amended]

261.Amend § 1951.153(b) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1951.154 [Amended]

262.Amend § 1951.154 by removing in paragraph (a) "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place and by removing in
paragraph (c) "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"RD" in its place.
§ 1951.155 [Amended]

263.Amend § 1951.155 by:

a. In paragraph (b):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "RD will" in its place;

ii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

b. In paragraph (c) introductory text and paragraph (c)(1), removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding
"RD" in its place;

c. In paragraph (c)(2):

i. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will"
wherever it occurs and adding "RD will" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 is" and
adding "RD is" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 can" and
adding "RD can" in its place;

d. In paragraph (g), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 may" and adding "RD may" in its place and removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD
Instruction" in its place; and

e. In paragraph (i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 will" and adding "RD will" in its place and removing "by FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "by RD" in its place.
Subpart E--Servicing of Community and Direct Business Programs Loans and Grants
Back to Top
§ 1951.201 [Amended]

264.Amend § 1951.201 by removing "loans for Grazing and other shift-in-land-use
projects;" and "Association Irrigation and Drainage loans;" and by removing "and
the Farm Service Agency" and adding "and the Rural Housing Service" in its
place.
§ 1951.202 [Amended]

265.Amend § 1951.202 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place and by removing "by
FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "by Rural
Development" in its place.
§ 1951.203 [Amended]

266.Amend § 1951.203(h) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1951.207 [Amended]

267.Amend § 1951.207 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§§ 1951.211, 1951.215, and 1951.216 [Amended]

268.Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and add "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1951.211;

b. Section 1951.215 introductory text and (a)(2); and

c. Section 1951.216.
§ 1951.220 [Amended]

269.Amend § 1951.220 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural
Development's" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

c. In paragraph (b) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

d. In paragraph (b)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

e. In paragraph (b)(2), removing "Forms FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 1951-9" and "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 1951-9" and adding "Form RD 1951-9" in their place;

f. In paragraph (b)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

g. In paragraph (c) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

h. In paragraph (c)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

i. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

j. In paragraph (e)(2)(v), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

k. In paragraph (f), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place and removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 as" and adding "Rural Development
as" in its place; and

l. In paragraphs (g) and (h)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1951.221 [Amended]

270.Amend § 1951.221 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(2) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (a)(2)(i)(A), (a)(2)(i)(B), and (a)(2)(i)(C), removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in
its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(3) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

d. In paragraph (a)(3)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1951.222 [Amended]

271.Amend § 1951.222 by:

a. In the introductory text and in paragraphs (a)(2), (a)(3), (a)(7), and
(a)(9), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherver
it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (c)(1) and (c)(3), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

c. In paragraph (c)(7), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

d. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place and removing "Form FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding
"Form RD" in its place.
§ 1951.223 [Amended]

272.Amend § 1951.223 by:

a. In paragraph (b)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

b. In paragraph (c)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's security" and adding "Rural Development's security" in its place and
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 approval" and
adding "Rural Development approval" in its place; and

c. In paragraphs (c)(3), (c)(4) introductory text, (c)(4)(i), (c)(4)(ii), and
(c)(4)(iv), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1951.224 [Amended]

273.Amend § 1951.224 by:

a. In paragraphs (a)(1)(iii), (a)(1)(v), and (a)(2)(v), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural
Development" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (b)(1) and (b)(2), removing "to FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "to Rural Development" in its place and
removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"Form RD" in its place;

c. In paragraph (b)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

d. In paragraph (b)(6), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 consent" and adding "Rural Development consent" in its place and
removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"Form RD" in its place;

e. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

f. In paragraph (e)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1951.225 [Amended]

274.Amend § 1951.225 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1951.226 [Amended]

275.Amend § 1951.226 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

c. In paragraph (b)(4)(i), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

d. In paragraph (b)(4)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

e. In paragraph (b)(5)(i), removing "on FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "on Rural Development" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's advantage" and adding
"Rural Development's advantage" in its place;

f. In paragraphs (b)(5)(ii) and (b)(6), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

g. In paragraph (c)(1)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

h. In paragraphs (c)(1)(iv) through (vii), (c)(2)(i), and (c)(2)(ii), removing
"Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs
and adding "Form RD" in its place;

i. In paragraph (c)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

j. In paragraph (d)(1) "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "a Rural Development" in its place and removing "Form FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its
place;

k. In paragraph (d)(2) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

l. In paragraph (d)(2)(ii), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1951.227 [Amended]

276.Amend § 1951.227 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (c):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place.
§ 1951.230 [Amended]

277.Amend § 1951.230 by:

a. In paragraph (a) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's security" and adding "Rural Development's security" in its place and
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 program" and
adding "Rural Development program" in its place;

c. In paragraphs (a)(3), (a)(4), and (a)(6), removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

d. In paragraph (a)(7), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "to FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "to Rural Development" in
its place;

e. In paragraph (a)(8), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

f. In paragraph (a)(9), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 debt" and adding "Rural Development debt" in its place and removing
"Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs
and adding "Form RD" in its place;

g. In paragraph (a)(12), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

h. In paragraphs (b) introductory text and (b)(5), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place;

i. In paragraph (c) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

j. In paragraph (c)(1), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

k. In paragraph (c)(5), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

l. In paragraph (d) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

m. In paragraph (d)(1)(i):

i. Removing "non-FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
personnel" and adding "non-Rural Development personnel" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

n. In paragraph (d)(1)(ii), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

o. In paragraph (d)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

p. In paragraph (d)(5), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

q. In paragraphs (e)(1) and (e)(2)(ii), removing "Form FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

r. In paragraph (f)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" wherever it occurs and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

s. In paragraph (f)(5), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "approval by FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "approval by Rural
Development" in its place;

t. In paragraphs (f)(6), (f)(7)(i), and (f)(7)(ii), removing "Form FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

u. In paragraph (f)(8), removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "a Rural Development" in its place;

v. In paragraph (f)(9), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

w. In paragraph (f)(11), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

x. In paragraphs (f)(12) and (f)(14), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

y. In paragraph (f)(15), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1951.231 [Amended]

278.Amend § 1951.231 by:

a. In paragraphs (a)(1)(i), (v), and (vii), removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its
place;

b. In paragraph (a)(1)(vi), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

c. In paragraphs (a)(2), (3), and (4), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place;

d. In paragraph (b)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

e. In paragraphs (c)(3) and (4), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place;

f. In paragraph (d) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place; and

g. In paragraph (d)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place and removing "debt to
FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "debt to Rural
Development" in its place.
§§ 1951.232, 1951.240, and 1951.241 [Amended]

279.Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1951.232;

b. Section 1951.240; and

c. Section 1951.241.
Subpart F--Analyzing Credit Needs and Graduation of Borrowers Back to Top
§ 1951.264 [Amended]

280.Amend § 1951.264(a)(2) by removing "1951-F-5" and adding "1951-5" in its
place.
Exhibit B to Subpart F [Amended] Back to Top

281.In Exhibit B to subpart F, paragraph 15, removing "Form FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and
removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"by Rural Development" in its place.
Subpart R--Rural Development Loan Servicing Back to Top
§ 1951.851 [Amended]

282.Amend § 1951.851 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "Farmers Home Administration or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 (FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354)" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1951.852 [Amended]

283.Amend § 1951.852(a)(1), (a)(2), and (a)(9) by removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural
Development loan" in its place.
§§ 1951.866, 1951.883, and 1951.896 [Amended]

284.Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1951.866;

b. Section 1951.883; and

c. Section 1951.896.
§ 1951.881 [Amended]

285.Amend § 1951.881 by:

a. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (d):

i. Removing "by the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by the Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
Administrator" and adding "the Rural Development Under Secretary" in its place;
and

c. In paragraph (e)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1951.884 [Amended]

286.Amend § 1951.884 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1951.885 [Amended]

287.Amend § 1951.885 by:

a. In the introductory text and in paragraphs (a)(2), and (b), removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding
"Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (c):

i. Removing "expose FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "expose Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and
adding "Rural Development's" in its place; and

iii. Removing "which FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "which Rural Development" in its place; and

c. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1951.889 [Amended]

288.Amend § 1951.889 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

c. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

d. In paragraph (e), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 case nunber" and adding "Rural Development case number" in its place.
§ 1951.890 [Amended]

289.Amend § 1951.890 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "Rural Development will" in its place;

b. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

c. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

d. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 and" and
adding "Rural Development and" in its place; and

e. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 staff" and
adding "Rural Development staff" in its place.
§ 1951.891 [Amended]

290.Amend § 1951.891 by:

a. In paragraph (a) introductory text:

i. Removing "that FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "that Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "Should the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "Should Rural Development" in its place;

iii. Removing "interests of FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "interests of Rural Development" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 may" and
adding "Rural Development may" in its place;

b. in paragraph (a)(2), removing "as FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "as Rural Development" in its place and removing "by the
FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "by Rural
Development" in its place; and

c. In paragraphs (a)(3), (e), and (f), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in
its place.
PART 1955--PROPERTY MANAGEMENT Back to Top

291.The authority citation for part 1955 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 42 U.S.C. 1480.
Subpart A--Liquidation of Loans Secured by Real Estate and Acquisition of Real
and Chattel Property Back to Top
§ 1955.2 [Amended]

292.Amend § 1955.2 by removing "property to FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "property to Rural Development" in its place and
removing "conveyance to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "conveyance to Rural Development and" in its place.
§ 1955.3 [Amended]

293.Amend § 1955.3 by:

a. In the definition of `CONACT or CONACT property', removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "the government" in its
place;

b. In the definition of `Government', removing "Farmers Home Administration or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 (FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354)," and adding "RBS, RHS, and RUS of the" in its place
and removing "used interchangeably herein with "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354."; and

c. In the definition of `Prior lien', removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 security" and adding "Rural Development security" in
its place and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's
`" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place.
§ 1955.5 [Amended]

294.Amend § 1955.5 by:

a. In paragraphs (a) and (c)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (d), removing "(available in any FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 office)" and removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1955.10 [Amended]

295.Amend § 1955.10 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

i. The introductory text;

ii. The heading of paragraph (c);

iii. Paragraph (f) introductory text;

iv. Paragraphs (f)(1) introductory text, (f)(1)(i)(A), (f)(1)(i)(B), (f)(1)(ii),
and (f)(1)(iii);

v. Paragraph (g)(1); and

vi. Paragraphs (h)(1), (h)(2), and (h)(5);

b. In paragraph (a)(2)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural
Development office" in its place;

c. In paragraph (c)(2):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 liens" and
adding "Rural Development liens" in its place;

ii. Removing "made by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "made by Rural Development" in its place;

iii. Removing "An FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
official" and adding "A Rural Development official" in its place;

d. In paragraphs (d)(1), (d)(2), and (d)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its
place;

e. In paragraph (e):

i. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "qualified FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "qualified Rural Development" in its place;

iii. Removing "outside FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "outside Rural Development" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

f. In paragraphs (h)(4)(i) and (h)(4)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its
place.
§§ 1955.11 and 1955.12 [Amended]

296.Amend §§ 1955.11 and 1955.12 by removing in their section headings and
wherever else it occurs "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1955.15 [Amended]

297.Amend § 1955.15 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

i. The introductory text;

ii. Paragraph (a)(2)(i);

iii. Paragraph (d)(2)(v);

iv. Paragraph (d)(3)(i)(A);

v. Paragraph (d)(6)(i) introductory text;

vi. Paragraphs (f)(1)(i)(C) and (D),

vii. Paragraphs (f)(5)(i)(A) and (B);

viii. Paragraph (f)(5)(ii); and

ix. Paragraphs (f)(7)(i) and (ii).

b. In paragraph (b) introductory text:

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

iv. Removing "Forms FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Forms RD" in its place; and

v. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loan
servicing" and adding "Rural Development loan servicing" in its place;

c. In paragraph (b)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the government" in its place;

d. In paragraph (d)(1):

i. Removing "whether FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "whether Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loan(s)" and
adding "Rural Development loan(s)" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's position"
and adding "Rural Development's position" in its place;

e. In paragraph (d)(2) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 Guide Letters" and adding "Guide Letters" in its place
and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office"
wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

f. In paragraphs (d)(4), (e)(2), and (f)(1)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

g. In paragraph (f)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural
Development office" in its place;

h. In paragraph (f)(4), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

i. In paragraph (f)(6):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" wherever
it occurs and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

ii. Removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 borrower"
and adding "a Rural Development borrower" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 debt" and
adding "Rural Development debt" in its place;

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 determines"
and adding "Rural Development determines" in its place;

v. Removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 appraiser"
and adding "a Rural Development appraiser" in its place;

vi. Removing "outside FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "outside Rural Development" in its place;

vii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

viii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office"
and adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

j. In paragraph (f)(7) introductory text, removing "an FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 employee" wherever it occurs and adding "a Rural
Development employee" in its place.
§ 1955.18 [Amended]

298.Amend § 1955.18 by:

a. In paragraph (e)(1) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (e)(1)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place.

c. In paragraph (e)(2) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

d. In paragraph (e)(2)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

e. In paragraph (e)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

f. In paragraph (e)(4) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1955.20 [Amended]

299.Amend § 1955.20 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(5), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

d. In paragraph (b) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

e. In paragraph (b)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

f. In paragraph (b)(2):

i. Removing "chattels to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "chattels to Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

g. In paragraph (b)(4), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

h. In paragraph (c)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

i. In paragraph (d):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "outside FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "outside Rural Development" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

j. In paragraph (f)(1) introductory text, removing "an FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "a Rural Development" in its place;

k. In paragraphs (f)(1)(ii), and (f)(2)(i), (ii), and (iii), removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in
its place;

l. In paragraph (f)(2)(v), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

m. In paragraph (g), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

n. In paragraph (h), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;
§ 1955.22 [Amended]

300.Amend § 1955.22 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 officials"
and adding "Rural Development officials" in its place;

b. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD instruction" in its place; and

c. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place.
Subpart B--Management of Property Back to Top
§ 1955.52 [Amended]

301.Amend § 1955.52 by removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "by the respective Agency" in its place and by removing
"Generally, FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"Generally, RHS" in its place.
§ 1955.53 [Amended]

302.Amend § 1955.53 as follows:

a. In the definition of `CONACT or CONACT property', remove "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and add "the respective Agency" in
its place;

b. In the definition of `Custodial property', remove "an FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 loan" and add "a Rural Development loan" in its
place and remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loan has
taken" and add "the respective Agency has taken" in its place; and

c. In the definition of `Government', remove "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and add "the respective Agency" in its place.
§ 1955.55 [Amended]

303.Amend § 1955.55 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherevre it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

i. Paragraph (b) introductory text;

ii. Paragraph (b)(2) introductory text;

iii. Paragraphs (c) introductory text and (c)(1);

iv. Paragraphs (f)(2)(i) and (ii), and (f)(3);

b. In paragraph (b)(2)(iii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural
Development office" in its place; and

c. In paragraph (f) introductory text:

i. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "through FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "through Rural Development" in its place;

iii. Removing "if FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "if Rural Development" in its place;

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

v. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place.
§§ 1955.57, 1955.60, 1955.61, and 1955.82 [Amended]

304.Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1955.57;

b. Section 1955.60;

c. Section 1955.61; and

d. Section 1955.82.
§ 1955.62 [Amended]

305.Amend § 1955.62 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 lien" and adding "a Rural Development lien" in its place and
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 official" and
adding "Rural Development official" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (a)(1) and (a)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place;

c. In paragraph (b)(1)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

d. In paragraph (b)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural
Development office" in its place; and

e. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;
§ 1955.65 [Amended]

306.Amend § 1955.65 by:

a. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354";

b. In paragraph (c) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place
and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

c. In paragraph (c)(1):

i. Removing "which FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "which Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's approval"
and adding "Rural Development's approval" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

d. In paragraphs (c)(2)(i), (ii), and (iii), removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its
place and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
office" and adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

e. In paragraph (c)(4):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
wherever it occurs and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office" and adding "Rural
Development office" in their place.
§ 1955.72 [Amended]

307.Amend § 1955.72(a) and (b) by removing "(available in any FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office)".

308.Amend Exhibit A to subpart B of Part 1955 by revising the heading to read as
follows:
Exhibit A to Subpart B of Part 1955--Memorandum of Understanding Between the
Federal Emergency Management Agency and Rural Development Back to Top

* * * * *
Subpart C--Disposal of Inventory Property Back to Top
§ 1955.102 [Amended]

309.Amend § 1955.102 by removing "Farmers Home Administration or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354s (FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's)" and adding "the applicable" in its place.
§ 1955.103 [Amended]

310.Amend § 1955.103 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following definitions:

i. `Approval official';

ii. `Borrower';

iii. `Decent, safe, and sanitary (DSS) housing';

iv. `Eligible terms';

v. `Participating broker';

vi. `Program terms'; and

vii. `Regular sale';

b. In the definition of `CONACT or CONACT property', removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "the respective Agency" in
its place;

c. In the definitions of `Ineligible terms' and `Nonprogram (NP) terms',
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and adding
"Rural Development's" in its place;

d. In the definition of `Inventory property', removing "an FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 loan" and adding "a Rural Development loan" in
its place;

e. In the definition of `Nonprogram (NP) property', removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354"; and

f. Removing the definition of "Regular FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 sale", adding a definition for `Regular Agency sale' in alphabetical
order, and revising the definitions of `Suitable property' and `Surplus
property'. The revisions read as follows:
§ 1955.103 Definitions.

* * * * *

Regular Agency sale. Sale made by Rural Deveopment employees or real estate
brokers other than by sealed bid, auction, or negotiation.

* * * * *

Suitable property. Real property that could be used to carry out the objectives
of Rural Development's loan programs with financing provided through that
program.

Surplus property. Property that cannot be used to carry out the objectives of
financing available through the applicable loan program.
§§ 1955.104, 1955.112, 1955.113, 1955.121, 1955.128, 1955.132, 1955.134,
1955.136, and 1955.150 [Amended]

311.Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1955.104;

b. Section 1955.112;

c. Section 1955.113;

d. Section 1955.121;

e. Section 1955.128;

f. Section 1955.132;

g. Section 1955.134;

h. Section 1955.136(a)(2); and

i. Section 1955.150.
§ 1955.105 [Amended]

312.Amend § 1955.105 by:

a. In paragraph (b):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Services"
and adding "RD Services" in its place; and

b. In paragraphs (c) introductory text, (c)(1), (c)(3), and (d), removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development"
in its place.
§ 1955.109 [Amended]

313.Amend § 1955.109 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing the second and third sentences; and

b. In paragraphs (g) and (j), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1955.114 [Amended]

314.Amend § 1955.114 by:

a. In paragraphs (a) introductory text and (a)(1)(v), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place;

b. In paragraph (a)(2), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "unless FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "unless Rural Development"
in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(3)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural
Development office" in its place;

d. In paragraph (a)(4), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding Rural Development" in its place

e. In paragraph (b):

i. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 employee"
and adding "Rural Development employee" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

f. In paragraphs (c) introductroy text and (d), removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1955.115 [Amended]

315.Amend § 1955.115 by:

a. In the introductory text:

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 DSS" and
adding "Rural Development DSS" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-35" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(2):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "Rural Development will" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

d. In paragraphs (a)(3), and (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-35" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1955.116 [Amended]

316.Amend § 1955.116 by:

a. In paragraph (a):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "which FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 has"
and adding "which Rural Development has" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Contact FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "Contact Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place;

c. In paragraph (c):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "through Farmers Home Administration or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "through Rural Development" in its place; and

iii. Removing "the Farmers Home Administration or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its
place; and

d. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1955.117 [Amended]

317.Amend § 1955.117 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 sales" and adding "Rural
Development sales" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b), removing "The FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

d. In paragraphs (e) and (f), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1955.118 [Amended]

318.Amend § 1955.118 by:

a. In paragraphs (b)(1) and (b)(11), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b)(5), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural
Development office" in its place; and

c. In paragraphs (b)(7) and (b)(8)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1955.119 [Amended]

319.Amend § 1955.119 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 will" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development will" in its
place and removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "Form RD" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (c):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "Rural Development will" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 determines"
and adding "Rural Development determines" in its place;

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and
adding "Rural Development's" in its place.
§ 1955.120 [Amended]

320.Amend § 1955.120 by:

a. Removing "non-FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "non-Rural Development" in its place;

b. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever
it occurs and adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

c. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

d. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 official" and
adding "Rural Development official'' in its place.
§ 1955.122 [Amended]

321.Amend § 1955.122 by:

a. In paragraph (a):

i. Removing "of the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "of the Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Form" and
adding "Rural Development Form" in its place; and

iv. Removing "in FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "in Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b), removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "by Rural Development" in its place and removing "Form FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its
place;

c. In paragraph (c)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

d. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural
Development office" in its place; and

e. In paragraph (f), removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "to Rural Development" in its place;

f. In the undesignated paragraph following paragraph (f):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place.

322.Revise § 1955.123(a) to read as follows:
§ 1955.123 Sale procedures (chattel).

(a) Credit sales. Although cash sales are preferred in the sale of chattel,
credit sales may be used advantageously in the sale of chattels to eligible
purchasers and to facilitate sales of high-priced chattels. Credit sales to
eligible purchasers will be in accordance with the provisions of this chapter
for the appropriate program for which a loan would otherwise be made including
eligibility determinations. Preference will be given to a cash offer that is at
least * percent of the higher offer requiring credit. [*Refer to exhibit B of RD
Instruction 440.1 (available in any Rural Development office) for the current
percentage.] Credit sales made to ineligible purchasers will require not less
than a 10 percent downpayment with the remaining balance amortized over a period
not to exceed 5 years. The interest rate for ineligible purchasers of C&BP
chattel will be the current ineligible interest rate for C&BP property set forth
in Exhibit B of RD Instruction 440.1 (available in any Rural Development
office). District Directors and State Directors are authorized to approve or
disapprove sale of C&BP chattel on ineligible terms in accordance with the
respective type of program approval authorities in Exhibit E of Subpart A of
Part 1901 of this chapter (available in any Rural Development office). For other
than C&BP, credit sales to NP purchasers will be handled in accordance with
Subpart J of Part 1951 of this chapter.

* * * * *
§ 1955.124 [Amended]

323.Amend §§ 1955.124 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1955.127 [Amended]

324.Amend § 1955.127 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and by removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural
Development office" in its place.
§ 1955.130 [Amended]

325.Amend § 1955.130 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural
Development office" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and "Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(2), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" wherever it occurs and adding
"Rural Development office" in its place;

d. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place;

e. In paragraph (c) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

f. In paragraph (e) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and "Rural Development" in its
place;

g. In paragraph (e)(1)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.

h. In paragraph (f)(1)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

i. In paragraph (f)(3):

i. Removing "receiving FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "receiving Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "appropriate FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "appropriate Rural Development" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

j. In paragraph (g), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 shall" and adding "Rural Development shall" in its place and removing
"Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs
and adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1955.131 [Amended]

326.Amend § 1955.131 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural
Development office" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (b):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 may not" and
adding "Rural Development may not" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 official"
and adding "Rural Development official" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1955.133 [Amended]

327.Amend § 1955.133 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "if FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "if Rural Development" in its place and removing "Form FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its
place; and

b. In paragraphs (b) and (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1955.135 [Amended]

328.Amend § 1955.135 by:

a. In the introductory text:

i. Removing "Where FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Where Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "between FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "between Rural Development" in its place;

iii. Removing "Forms FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
1955-45 or FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"Forms RD 1955-45 or RD" in its place;

iv. Removing "paid by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "paid by Rural Development" in its place; and

v. Removing "proceeds FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "proceeds Rural Development" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (a), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 credit" and adding "Rural Development credit" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural
Development's" in its place.
§ 1955.138 [Amended]

329.Amend § 1955.138 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place.
§ 1955.139 [Amended]

330.Amend § 1955.139 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(3)(iii), removing "the FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(3)(iv), removing "the FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its
place; and

c. In paragraphs (a)(3)(v) and (vi), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1955.144 [Amended]

331.Amend § 1955.144(b) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and "the Farmers Home Administration or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in their place.
§ 1955.146 [Amended]

332.Amend § 1955.146(a) by:

a. Removing "sold by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "sold by Rural Development" in its place;

b. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
wherever it occurs and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

c. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office"
wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

d. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

e. Removing "Forms FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 1955-40
or FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Forms RD
1955-40 or RD" in its place;

f. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 personnel"
and adding "Rural Development personnel" in its place; and

g. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 may contract"
and adding "Rural Development may contract" in its place.
§ 1955.147 [Amended]

333.Amend § 1955.147 by:

a. In the introductory text:

i. Removing "all FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "all Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will"
wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development will" in its place;

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

iv. Removing "payable to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "payable to Rural Development" in its place; and

v. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural
Development office" in its place; and

d. In paragraphs (d) and (e), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its
place.
PART 1956--DEBT SETTLEMENT Back to Top

334.The authority citation for part 1956 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 31 U.S.C. 3711; 42 U.S.C. 1480.
Subpart C--Debt Settlement--Community and Business Programs Back to Top
§ 1956.102 [Amended]

335.Amend § 1956.102(a) by removing "the Farmers Home Administration or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 (FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354)" and adding "the government" in its place and removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 personnel" and adding "Rural
Development personnel" in their place.

336.Revise § 1956.105(a), (f), (g), and (h) to read as follows:
§ 1956.105 Definitions.

(a) Settlement. The compromise, adjustment, cancellation, or chargeoff of a debt
owed to Rural Development. The term "settlement" is used for convenience in
referring to compromise, adjustment, cancellation, or chargeoff actions,
individually or collectively.

* * * * *

(f) Debtor. The borrower of loan funds under any of Rural Development programs
specified in § 1956.101.

(g) Security. All that serves as collateral for Rural Development loan(s),
including, but not limited to, revenues, tax levies, municipal bonds, and real
and chattel property.

(h) Servicing official. The Rural Development official who is primarily
responsible for servicing the account.

* * * * *
§§ 1956.109, 1956.110, 1956.130, 1956.138, 1956.142, and 1956.148 [Amended]

337.Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "RD" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1956.109(f);

b. Section 1956.110;

c. Section 1956.130;

d. Section 1956.138;

e. Section 1956.142(f); and

f. Section 1956.148.
§ 1956.111 [Amended]

338.Amend § 1956.111 introductory text and paragraph (a) by removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in
its place.
§ 1956.112 [Amended]

339.Amend § 1956.112(d) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1956.139 [Amended]

340.Amend § 1956.139 by:

a. In paragraph (d) introductory text:

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "Compromise Offer--FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Compromise Offer--Rural Development" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Adjustment Offer--FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Adjustment Offer--Rural Development" in its place; and

b. In paragraphs (d)(1) and (e), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1956.143 [Amended]

341.Amend § 1956.143 by:

a. In paragraph (a),

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following definitions:

A. `Debt writedown';

B. `Delinquent debtor';

C. `Eligibility'; and

D. `Operations review'; and

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and
adding "Rural Development's" in its place in the definition of `Net recovery
value';

b. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office"
wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Devleopment office" in its place in the
following places:

i. Paragraph (b) introductory text;

ii. Paragraphs (c)(1), (c)(3)(ii)(B), and (c)(3)(iv)(E)(1);

iii. Paragraphs (e)(1) introductory text, (e)(1)(iii), (e)(2) introductory text,
and (e)(2)(ii)(A);

iv. Paragraphs (f)(1) and (2);

v. Paragraph (g)(1) introductory text; and

vi. Paragraph (h).

c. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

i. Paragraphs (b)(3), (b)(6), and (b)(8);

ii. Paragraphs (c)(3)(i)(A) and (c)(3)(ii)(C);

iii. Paragraphs (e)(1)(i), (e)(2)(i), and (e)(2)(ii)(B); and

iv. Paragraph (g)(1)(ii);

d. In paragraphs (b)(7) and (c)(3)(iv)(B), removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its
place;

e. In paragraph (c)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing "to
FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "to Rural
Development" in its place;

f. In paragraphs (c)(3)(ii)(B) and (c)(3)(iv)(B)(1), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD
Instruction" in its place;

g. In paragraph (c)(3)(iv)(G)(2), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 approval" and adding "Rural
Development approval" in its place;

h. In paragraphs (d)(2), (f)(2), and (g)(3), removing "Form FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

i. In paragraph (e)(1)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354's approval" and adding "Rural Development's approval" in its place
and removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

j. In paragraph (e)(2)(ii)(A):

i. Removing "pay FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "pay Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "inform FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "inform Rural Development" in its place; and

iii. Removing "pay off FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "pay off Rural Development" in its place;

k. In paragraph (f)(1):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and adding
"Rural Development's" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 is" and
adding "Rural Development is" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

l. In paragraph (g)(1) introductory text:

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 becomes" and
adding "Rural Development becomes" in its place; and

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "Rural Development will" in its place; and

m. In paragraph (h), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 determines" and adding "Rural Development determines" in its place.

342.Revise § 1956.145 to read as follows:
§ 1956.145 Disposition of essential Rural Development records.

RD Instruction 2033-A (available in any Rural Development office) identifies an
"essential Rural Development record" as the original of any document or record
which provides evidence of indebtedness or obligation to RD and includes, but is
not limited to: promissory notes, assumption agreements and valuable documents,
such as bonds fully registered as to principal and interest.

(a) Essential Rural Development records evidencing debts settled by compromise,
completed adjustment or cancelled with application will be returned to the
debtor or to the debtors' legal representative. The appropriate legend, such as
"Satisfied by Approved Compromise," and the date of the final action will be
stamped or typed on the original document. This same information plus the date
the original document is returned to the debtor will be shown on a copy to be
placed in the debtor's case folder.

(b) Essential Rural Development records evidencing debts cancelled without
application will be placed in the debtor's case folder and disposed of pursuant
to RD Instruction 2033-A (available in any Rural Development office). However,
if the debtor requests the document(s), they must be stamped "Satisfied by
Approved Cancellation" and returned.

(c) Essential Rural Development records evidencing charged off debts will be
retained in the servicing office and will not be stamped or returned to the
debtor. They will be destroyed six years after chargeoff pursuant to RD
Instruction 2033-A (available in any Rural Development office).
§ 1956.147 [Amended]

343.Amend § 1956.147 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(1), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(4), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354";

c. In paragraph (b), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "owed FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "owed Rural Development"
in its place; and

d. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
PART 1957--ASSET SALES Back to Top

344.The authority citation for part 1957 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

Pub. L. 99-509, sec 2001(b)(1).
Subpart A--Rural Housing Asset Sales Back to Top
§ 1957.1 [Amended]

345.Amend § 1957.1 by:

a. Removing "Farmers Home Administration or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Housing Service (RHS)" in its place;

b. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "RHS" in its place; and

c. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and adding
"RHS's" in its place.
§§ 1957.2 and 1957.6 [Amended]

346.Amend §§ 1957.2 and 1957.6 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RHS" in its place.
PART 1962--PERSONAL PROPERTY Back to Top

347.The authority citation for part 1962 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 42 U.S.C. 1480.
Subpart A--Servicing and Liquidation of Chattel Security Back to Top
§ 1962.1 [Amended]

348.Amend § 1962.1 by removing "Farmers Home Administration or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 (FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354)" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1962.2 [Amended]

349.Amend § 1962.2 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1962.3 [Amended]

350.Amend § 1962.3 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1962.4 [Amended]

351.Amend § 1962.4 by:

a. In the definition of `Acquired chattel property,' removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "the government" in its
place;

b. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following definitions:

i. `Basic security';

ii. `Criminal action';

iii. 'Default'; and

iv. `Liquidation'.

c. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and adding
"Rural Development's" in its place in the following definitions:

i. `Civil action' and

ii. `Repossed property'.

d. Removing "Farmers Home Administration or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in
the definition of `Normal income security'.
§§ 1962.6, 1962.16, 1962.26, 1962.27, 1962.34, 1962.41, 1962.44, and 1962.46
[Amended]

352.Remove "Form FmHA" and "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever they occur and adding "Form RD" in their place in the
following places:

a. Section 1962.6;

b. Section 1962.16;

c. Section 1962.26;

d. Section 1962.27(c) introductory text and (d);

e. Section 1962.34(b)(3);

f. Section 1962.41;

g. Section 1962.44; and

h. Section 1962.46.
§ 1962.8 [Amended]

353.Amend § 1962.8 by removing "protect FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "protect Rural Development" in its place and by
removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"a Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1962.17 [Amended]

354.Amend § 1962.17 by removing "Form FmHA" wherever it occurs and adding "Form
RD" in its place and by removing "The FmHA has" in paragraph (d)(2)(ii) and
adding "Rural Development has" in its place.
§ 1962.18 [Amended]

355.Amend § 1962.18 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 1962.1" and adding "the applicable Agency form" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (b)(1), by:

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 1962-1"
and adding "the applicable Agency form" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 431-2" and
adding "RD 431-2" in its place; and

iii. Removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "to Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1962.19 [Amended]

356.Amend § 1962.19 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(1)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

d. In paragraph (b)(1)(iii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 holds" and adding "Rural Development holds" in its place and
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and adding
"Rural Development's" in its place; and

e. In paragraph (b)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1962.27 [Amended]

357.Amend § 1962.27 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(4), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 has" and adding "Rural Development has" in its place and removing
"borrower non FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"borrower nor Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (c)(1) and (c)(2) "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place; and

d. In paragraph (e), removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "to Rural Development" in its place and removing "Form FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding
"Form RD" in its place.
§ 1962.29 [Amended]

358.Amend § 1962.29 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(1):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "accepted by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "accepted by Rural Development" in its place; and

iii. Removing "paid by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354,
the County Supervisor may pay them as a petty purchase or as the bill of a
creditor of FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 in accordance
with FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instructions 2024-E,
copies of which are available in any FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 office." and adding "paid by Rural Development, the field office may
pay them in accordance to RD Instruction 2024-A, Exhibit D, Program Loan Cost
Expenses." in its place;

b. In paragraphs (a)(2) and (a)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its
place;

c. In paragraph (b) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place
and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

d. In paragraph (b)(4), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place.
§ 1962.34 [Amended]

359.Amend § 1962.34 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural Development office" in its place and
removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 410-1,
"Application for FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
Services," and adding "Form RD 410-1, "Application for RD Services," in its
place;

b. In paragraph (a)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(2):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "RD office" in its place; and
§ 1962.40 [Amended]

360.Amend § 1962.40(e)(1)(ii) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place.
§ 1962.41 [Amended]

361.Amend § 1962.41 by removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and "Form FmHA" wherever they occur and adding "Form RD" in their
place.
§ 1962.42 [Amended]

362.Amend § 1962.42 by:

a. In paragraphs (b)(2) and (b)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354";

b. In paragraph (c) introductory text, removing "by FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "by Rural Development" in its place and
removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever
it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

c. In paragraph (c)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 employee" and adding "Rural Development employee" in its place;

d. In paragraph (c)(3), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place, and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" wherever it occurs
and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

e. In paragraphs (c)(4)(ii) and (c)(6)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

f. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "RD" in its place in the following places:

i. Paragraphs (c)(5)(i) introductory text, (c)(5)(i)(A), (c)(5)(i)(B), and
(c)(5)(ii);

ii. Paragraph (c)(6)(ii) introductory text;

iii. Paragraph (c)(6)(ii)(A); and

iv. Paragraph (c)(7);

g. In paragraph (c)(8):

i. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

iii. Removing "and FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "and Rural Development" in its place; and

h. In paragraph (d), removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "a Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1962.45 [Amended]

363.Amend § 1962.45 by removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and by removing "by FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "by Rural Development" in
its place.
§ 1962.49 [Amended]

364.Amend § 1962.49 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

i. The introductory text;

ii. Paragraphs (b)(1)(v), (b)(2)(i), and (b)(2)(ii);

iii. Paragraphs (b)(3) introductory text and (b)(3)(i) through (b)(3)(iv);

iv. Paragraph (c) introductory text; and

v. Paragraphs (e)(2) introductory text, (e)(2)(i), and (e)(3) introductory text;

b. In paragraph (a):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 staff" and
adding "Rural Development staff" in its place;

c. In paragraph (b) introductory text:

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and adding
"Rural Development's" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "interests of FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "interests of Rural Development" in its place;

e. In paragraph (b)(1)(vi), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

f. In paragraph (c)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place and removing "wh=n
applicable" and adding "when applicable" in its place;

g. In paragraph (c)(3)(i):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 455-1" and
adding "RD 455-1" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 455-2" and
adding "RD 455-2" in its place;

iii. Removing "Forms FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 employee"
and adding "Rural Development employee" in its place; and

v. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 employees"
and adding "Rural Development employees" in its place;

h. In paragraphs (c)(3)(ii) introductory text and (e)(2)(ii), removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding
"RD" in its place;

i. In paragraph (c)(3)(ii)(A), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place and
removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"by Rural Development" in its place;

j. In paragraph (c)(3)(ii)(B), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

k. In paragraph (d), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 field office" wherever it occurs and
adding "Rural Development field office" in its place;

l. In paragraph (e) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 1951-9, Annual "Statement of Loan Account," and adding
"RD 1951-9, "Annual Statement of Loan Account," in its place; and

m. In paragraph (e)(1), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 field office" wherever it occurs and
adding "Rural Development field office" in its place.
PART 1980--GENERAL Back to Top

365.The authority citation for part 1980 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989.

Subpart E also issued under 7 U.S.C. 1932(a).
Subpart E--Business and Industrial Loan Program Back to Top
§ 1980.401 [Amended]

366.Amend § 1980.401(d) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.

367.Revise § 1980.405 to read as follows:
§ 1980.405 Rural areas.

The business financed with a B&I loan must be located in a rural area. Loans to
borrowers with facilities located in both rural and non-rural areas will be
limited to the amount necessary to finance the facility located in the eligible
rural area. Cooperatives that are headquartered in a non-rural area may be
eligible for a B&I loan if the loan is used for a project or venture that is
located in a rural area. Rural areas are any areas other than a city or town
that has a population of greater than 50,000 inhabitants; and the urbanized area
contiguous and adjacent to such a city or town, as defined by the U.S. Bureau of
the Census. For the purpose of this section:

(a) The population figure is obtained from the most recent decennial Census of
the United States (decennial Census). If the applicable population figure cannot
be obtained from the most recent decennial Census, RD will determine the
applicable population figure based on available population data; and

(b) An urbanized area means a densely populated territory as defined in the most
recent decennial Census or other Agency-accepted data source if not defined in
the most recent decennial Census.
§ 1980.411 [Amended]

368.Amend § 1980.411 by:

a. In paragraphs (a)(7) and (a)(11) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural
Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(12):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever
it occurs and adding "to Rural Development" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State" and
adding "Rural Development State" in its place; and

c. In paragraph (a)(13), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1980.412 [Amended]

369.Amend § 1980.412 by removing in the Administrative text at the end of the
section "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354".
§ 1980.413 [Amended]

370.Amend § 1980.413(a) introductory text by removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place.
§ 1980.414 [Amended]

371.Amend § 1980.414 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "to FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "to
Rural Development" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (b), removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "to Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1980.419 [Amended]

372.Amend § 1980.419 by removing from paragraph C. of the Admnistrative text
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 National Office" and
adding "Rural Development National Office" in its place and by removing "Form
FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in
its place.
§ 1980.420 [Amended]

373.Amend § 1980.420 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (d) introductory text:

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 informs" and
adding "Rural Development informs" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 determines"
and adding "Rural Development determines" in its place.
§ 1980.423 [Amended]

374.Amend § 1980.423 by:

a. In paragraphs (a) introductory text and (a)(2), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural
Development review" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(3), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 conditional Commitment For Guarantee," and adding "Form RD 449-14,
"Conditional Commitment for Guarantee," in its place and removing "Form FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 449-14" and adding "Form RD
449-14" in its place;

c. In paragraphs (a)(5), (a)(6) introductory text, and (b)(1), removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding
"Rural Development review" in its place;

d. In paragraph (b)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office" and adding "Rural
Development office" in its place; and

e. In the Administrative text at the end of the section, removing "Form FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place
and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loan" and
adding "Rural Development loan" in its place.
§ 1980.424 [Amended]

375.Amend § 1980.424 by:

a. In paragraphs (a) and (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (b) and (c), removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "a Rural Development" in its place; and

c. In the Administrative text at the end of the section, in its introductory
text and paragraphs A.3 and 5, B.2 and 4, and C, removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its
place.
§§ 1980.432 and 1980.433 [Amended]

376.Amend §§ 1980.432 and 1980.433 by removing in the Administrative text at the
end of the sections "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1980.434 [Amended]

377.Amend § 1980.434 by removing in the Administrative text at the end of the
section "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Official" and
adding "Rural Development official" in its place.
§ 1980.442 [Amended]

378.Amend § 1980.442 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "and Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1980.443 [Amended]

379.Amend § 1980.443 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

i. In paragraphs (a)(1), (a)(4)(i) introductory text, (a)(4)(i)(A)(4),
(a)(4)(i)(B), (a)(4)(i)(C), and (a)(4)(ii); and

ii. In paragraphs (b)(1), (b)(2) introductory text, (b)(2)(i), (b)(5), (b)(6),
and (b)(7)(iii); and

b. In the Administrative text at the end of the section:

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" from
paragraph A introductory text and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 at its" from
paragraph A.3 and adding "Rural Development at its" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 official"
from paragraph A.3 and adding "Rural Development official" in its place.
§ 1980.444 [Amended]

380.Amend § 1980.444(b) and (e) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1980.451 [Amended]

381.Amend § 1980.451 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "desiring FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 assistance" and adding "desiring assistance" in its place;
and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State" and
adding "Rural Development State" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

iii. Removing "between FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "between Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (c):

i. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

iv. Removing "SBA and FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "the Small Business Administration and the U.S. Department of Agriculture
Rural Development (Business and Industrial Loans)" in its place;

d. In paragraphs (d) introductory text, (d)(1), (d)(3) introductory text,
(d)(3)(iii) introductory text, and (d)(3)(iv)(A), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural
Development" in its place;

e. In paragraph (d)(3)(v):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354-assisted" and
adding "Rural Development-assisted" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loans" and
adding "Rural Development loans" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 funds" and
adding "Rural Development funds" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will
consider" and adding "Rural Development will consider" in its place;

f. Revising paragraph (d)(3)(vi);

g. In paragraph (e) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

h. In paragraph (f)(2), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

i. In paragraph (f)(3):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 449-4"
wherever it occurs and adding "RD 449-4" in its place;

ii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place; and

iii. Removing "result in FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "result in Rural Development" in its place;

j. In paragraph (g), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place, and
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and adding
"Rural Development's" in its place;

k. In paragraph (h), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 will submit Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
449-22" and adding "Rural Development will submit Form RD 449-22" in its place;

l. In paragraphs (i)(1), (i)(2), (i)(3), and (i)(10), removing "Form FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form
RD" in its place;

m. In paragraphs (i)(7), (i)(9), (i)(13)(viii), (i)(13)(x), and (i)(15),
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"Rural Development" in its place;

n. In paragraph (i)(13) introductory text, removing "FmHA" wherever it occurs
and adding "RD" in its place;

o. In paragraph (i)(18)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 solicits" and adding "Rural Development solicits" in its place and
removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"Form RD" in its place;

p. In paragraph (i)(18)(ii):

i. Removing "If FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "If Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "Rural Development will" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

q. In paragraph (i)(19), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

r. In paragraphs (j) and (k), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

s. In the Administrative text at the end of the section:

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs in paragraphs A.3 through 5, A.6(a) through (c), and B.3(b)
and (c), and adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 with" in
paragraphs A.3 and 4 and adding "Rural Development with" in its place;

iii. Removing "whom FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph A.4 and adding "whom Rural Development" in its place;

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
wherever it occurs in paragraphs A.5 and B.5 and adding "RD Instruction" in its
place;

v. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 449-4" in
paragraph A.6(c) and the note to paragraph A.6 and adding "RD 449-4" in its
place;

vi. Removing "Forms FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
the note to paragraph A.6 and adding "Forms RD" in its place;

vii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
449-29, "Project Summary--Business Industrial Loan Division," in paragraph
B.3.(b) and adding "A Project Summary" in its place;

viii. Removing "Copy of FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
in paragraph B.3.(d) and adding "Copy of Rural Development" in its place;

ix. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" in
paragraph B.5 and adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

x. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 employees" in
paragraph B.5 and adding "Rural Development employees" in its place;

xi. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" in
paragraph B.5 and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

xii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 position"
in paragraph B.5 and adding "Rural Development position" in its place;

xiii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 urges" in
paragraph B.6 and adding "Rural Development urges" in its place;

xiv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 audit" in
paragraph B.6 and adding "Rural Development audit" in its place;

xv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs in the Description of Record or Form Number and Title table at the end of
the Administrative text section and adding "RD" in its place; and

xvi. Removing "449-29" in the Description of Record or Form Number and Title
table at the end of the Administrative text section and adding "449-29
(obsolete)" in its place.

The revision reads as follows:
§ 1980.451 Filing and processing applications.

* * * * *

(d) * * *

(3) * * *

(vi) Indexation. When current annual data are not available to determine a
State's nonmetropolitan household income for purposes of the calculations
described in paragraph (d)(3)(iii) of this section, indexation of census data is
necessary. The State Director will use the figure from the 5-year data from the
American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other Census Bureau data,
increased by a factor representing the increase since the year of that census in
the Consumer Price Index ("CPI-U"). That factor shall be furnished annually by
the National Office, Rural Development.

* * * * *
§ 1980.452 [Amended]

382.Amend § 1980.452 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 evaluation"
from the section heading and adding "Rural Development evaluation" in its place;

b. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will"
wherever it occurs in the introductory text and adding "Rural Development will"
in its place;

c. Removing "If FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever
it occurs in the introductory text and adding "If Rural Development" in its
place;

d. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs in the introductory text and adding "Form RD" in its place;

e. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State" in the
introductory text, and adding "Rural Development State" in its place; and

f. In the Administrative text at the end of the section:

i. Removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State" in
paragraph D. introductory text, and adding "a Rural Development State" in its
place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs in paragraphs D. introductory text, D.6 introductory text,
D.6.a, b, and d, and d.7, and adding "Form RD" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 employees"
in paragraph D. introductory text and adding "Rural Development employees" in
its place;

iv. Removing "non-FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph D.2 and adding "non-Rural Development" in its place;

v. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
in paragraphs D.2 and D.6.d and e, and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

vi. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office" in
paragraphs D.2 and D.6.d and e, and "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural Development office" in their place;

vii. Removing "the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State"
in paragraphs D. introductory text and D.3 and adding "the Rural Development
State" in its place;

viii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 programs"
wherever it occurs in paragraph D.3 and adding "Rural Development programs" in
its place;

ix. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 as a" in
paragraph D.3 and adding "Rural Development as a" in its place;

x. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 case" in
paragraph D.6 introductory text and adding "Rural Development case" in its
place; and

xi. Removing "Legislative Affairs and Public Information staff in the National
Office" in paragraph D.6.d and adding "Legislative and Public Affairs Staff in
the Rural Development National Office" in its place.
§ 1980.453 [Amended]

383.Amend § 1980.453 by:

a. In paragraph (a):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State" and
adding "Rural Development State" in its place; and

iii. Removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "to Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

c. In the Administrative text at the end of the section:

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 449-29"
and adding "the Project Summary" in its place; and

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

iii. Removing "2. A copy of FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 State Loan Review Board Minutes" and adding "3. A copy of Rural
Development State Loan Review Board Minutes" in its place.
§ 1980.454 [Amended]

384.Amend § 1980.454 by:

a. In paragraph (a):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State" and
adding "Rural Development State" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

iii. Removing "provide FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "provide Rural Development" in its place; and

iv. Removing "approved by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "approved by Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "Rural Development will" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "approved by the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 National Office" and adding "approved by the National Office" in its
place;

c. In paragraph (c), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing
"intent of FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"intent of Rural Development" in its place;

d. In paragraphs (e) and (f), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its
place; and

e. In the Administrative text at the end of the section:

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "Inspection Reports" in paragraph A.2 and adding "Inspection
Report" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 personnel"
in paragraph C. and adding "Rural Development personnel" in its place; and

iv. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph F. and adding "by Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1980.469 [Amended]

385.Amend § 1980.469 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 of" and adding "Rural Development (RD) of" in its place and removing
"Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form
RD" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (a)(1), (c) introductory text, and (c)(1), removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in
its place; and

c. In the Administrative text at the end of the section:

i. Removing "Refer to appendix G of this subpart (available in any FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office)" in the introductory text and
adding "Refer to RD Instruction 1980-E, Appendix G, Liquidation and Property
Management Guide (available in any RD office)" in its place;

ii. Removing "which FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph B.1 and adding "which Rural Development" in its place;

iii. Removing "approved by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" in paragraph B.1 and adding "approved by Rural Development" in its
place;

iv. Removing "the time FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs in paragraphs B.2 and C.4 and adding "the time Rural
Development" in its place;

v. Removing "occurs FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph B.2 and adding "occurs Rural Development" in its place;

vi. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
in paragraph B.3 and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

vii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" in
paragraph B.3 and adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

viii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 staff" in
paragraph B.3 and adding "Rural Development staff" in its place;

ix. Removing "If FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraphs B.3 and 5 and adding "If Rural Development" in its place;

x. Removing "claim to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs in paragraphs B.3 and 4 and adding "claim to Rural
Development" in its place;

xi. Removing "guaranteed by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" in paragraph B.3 and adding "guaranteed by Rural Development" in its
place;

xii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 was
deceived" in paragraph B.6 and adding "Rural Development was deceived" in its
place;

xiii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 could
then" in paragraph B.7 and adding "Rural Development could then" in its place;

xiv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 personnel"
in paragraph C.2 and adding "Rural Development personnel" in its place;

xv. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraphs C.3.(d) and C.4 and adding "Form RD" in its place;

xvi. Removing "noted by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
in paragraph C.4 and adding "noted by Rural Development" in its place;

xvii. Removing "statements for FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" in paragraph C.5 and adding "statements for Rural Development" in its
place;

xviii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 in turn"
in paragraph C.5 and adding "Rural Development in turn" in its place;

xix. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" in
paragraph C.5 and adding "Rural Development's" in its place; and

xx. Removing "borrower and FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" in paragraph C.6 and adding "borrower, and Rural Development" in its
place.
§ 1980.470 [Amended]

386.Amend the Administrative text at the end of § 1980.470 by:

a. Removing "Refer to appendix G of this subpart (available in any FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office)" from the introductory text
and adding "Refer to RD Instruction 1980-E, Appendix G, Liquidation and Property
Management Guide (available in any Rural Development office)" in its place;

b. Removing "by the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph A. and adding "by the Rural Development" in its place;

c. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph A. and adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

d. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraphs B. and D. and adding "Form RD" in its place;

e. Removing "risks of the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
in paragraph B. and adding "risks of Rural Development" in its place;

f. Removing "the lender and FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" in paragraph B. and adding "the lender and Rural Development" in its
place;

g. Removing "when FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph D. and adding "when Rural Development" in its place;

h. Removing "will FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 endorse"
in paragraph D. and adding "will Rural Development endorse" in its place; and

i. Removing "assist FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph F. and adding "assist Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1980.471 [Amended]

387.Amend § 1980.471 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "Refer to appendix G of this subpart
(available in any FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office)"
and adding "Refer to RD Instruction 1980-E, Appendix G, Liquidation and Property
Management Guide (available in any Rural Development office)" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (a)(1) and (a)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

c. In the Administrative text at the end of the section:

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 personnel" in
paragraph A. and adding "Rural Development personnel" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" in
paragraph B. and adding "Rural Development will" in its place;

iii. Removing "between FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph B. and adding "between Rural Development" in its place;

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 consider" in
paragraph B. and adding "Rural Development consider" in its place;

v. Removing "When FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
liquidates," in paragraph B. and adding "When Rural Development liquidates," in
its place;

vi. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs in paragraphs B. and E. and adding "Form RD" in its place;

vii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 is" in
paragraph D. and adding "Rural Development is" in its place;

viii. Removing "499-30" in paragraph E. and adding "449-30" in its place;

ix. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 to" in
paragraph F. and adding "by Rural Development to" in its place; and

x. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 guaranteed
loan" in paragraph F. and adding "Rural Development guaranteed loan" in its
place.
§ 1980.472 [Amended]

388.Amend § 1980.472 by removing "Refer to appendix G of this subpart (available
in any FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office)" and adding
"Refer to RD Instruction 1980-E, Appendix G, Liquidation and Property Management
Guide (available in any Rural Development office)" in its place.
§ 1980.473 [Amended]

389.Amend § 1980.473 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1980.475 [Amended]

390.Amend § 1980.475 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(6), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's opinion, FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Rural Development's opinion, Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

d. In the Administrative text at the end of the section:

i. Removing "Refer to appendix G of this subpart (available in any FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office)" in the introductory text and
adding "Refer to RD Instruction 1980-E, Appendix G, Liquidation and Property
Management Guide (available in any Rural Development office)" in its place;

ii. Removing "that FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph A. and adding "that Rural Development" in its place;

iii. Removing "advising FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
in paragraph F. and adding "advising Rural Development" in its place;

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 servicing"
wherever it occurs in paragraphs F. and H. and adding "Rural Development
servicing" in its place; and

v. Removing "actions FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph H. and adding "actions Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1980.476 [Amended]

391.Amend § 1980.476 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"Rural Development" in its place wherever it occurs in the following places:

i. Paragraph (a);

i. Paragraphs (e) introductory text, (e)(1), (e)(2), (g)(2)(i), and (g)(2)(iii);

ii. Paragraph (h);

iii. Paragraph (i);

iv. Paragraph (j);

v. Paragraph (l);

vi. Paragraph (m) introductory text; and

vii. Paragraph (n);

b. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"Form RD" in its place;

c. In paragraph (p), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing
"Form 449-30" and adding "Form RD 449-30" in its place; and

d. In the Administrative text at the end of the section:

i. Removing "Refer to appendix G of this subpart (available in any FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office)" and adding "Refer to RD
Instruction 1980-E, Appendix G, Liquidation and Property Management Guide
(available in any Rural Development office)" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 file" in
paragraph B. and adding "Rural Development file" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph B. wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1980.481 [Amended]

392.Amend § 1980.481 introductory text by removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in
its place.
§ 1980.488 [Amended]

393.Amend § 1980.488(a) and (b), and the administrative text at the end of the
section by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1980.490 [Amended]

394.Amend § 1980.490 by:

a. In paragraphs (d)(1) through (d)(4), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in
its place;

b. In paragraph (f)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place;

c. In paragraph (f)(2):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "Rural Development will" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 449-29"
and adding "the Project Summary" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

d. In paragraph (f)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 will" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development will" in its
place and removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
1980-48" and adding "Form 1980-48" in its place;

e. In paragraph (f)(4):

i. Removing "from FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "from Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
1980-23, "Request for Business and Industry Interest Buydown Payment," and
adding "Form RD 1980-24, "Request Interest Assistance/Interest Rate Buydown
Subsidy Payment to Guaranteed Loan Lender," in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 servicing
office" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development servicing office" in
its place;

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 regulations"
and adding "Rural Development regulations" in its place; and

v. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 1980-48"
and adding "Form 1980-48" in its place;

f. In paragraph (g), removing "When FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "When Rural Development" in its place and removing "Form
FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 1980-23" and adding "Form
RD 1980-24" in its place;

g. In paragraphs (n) introductory text, (n)(4), and (n)(5), removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

h. In paragraphs (p)(4) introductory text and (p)(5)(iii), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place; and

i. In paragraph (p)(4)(ii), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 1980-25, "Farmer Programs Applications," or FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 449-1" and adding "Form RD 449-1" in
its place.

395.Revise § 1980.495 to read as follows:
§ 1980.495 RD forms and guides.

The following RD forms and guides, as applicable, are used in connection with
processing B&I, D&D, and DARBE loan guarantees; they are incorporated in this
subpart and made a part hereof:

(a) Form RD 449-1. "Application for Loan and Guarantee" is referred to as
"Appendix A," or successor form,

(b) The "Certificate of Incumbency and Signature" or successor form,

(c) "Guidelines for Loan Guarantees for Alcohol Fuel Production Facilities" is
referred to as "Appendix C."

(d) "Alcohol Production Facilities Planning, Performing, Development and Project
Control" is referred to as "Appendix D."

(e) "Environmental Assessment Guidelines" is referred to as "Appendix E."

(f) Form RD 449-14, "Conditional Commitment for Guarantee," or successor form.

(g) "Liquidation and Property Management Guide" as found in RD Instruction
1980-E Appendix G.

(h) "Suggested Format for the Opinion of the Lender's Legal Counsel" is referred
to as "Appendix H."

(i) "Instructions for Loan Guarantees for Drought and Disaster Relief" and Forms
RD 1980-68, "Lender's Agreement--Drought and Disaster Guaranteed Loans,"
1980-69, "Loan Note Guarantee--Drought and Disaster Guaranteed Loans," and
1980-70, "Assignment Guarantee Agreement--Drought and Disaster Guaranteed
Loans," or their successor forms.

(j) [Reserved]

(k) "Regulations for Loan Guarantees for Disaster Assistance for Rural Business
Enterprises" and Forms RD 1980-71, "Lender's Agreement--Disaster Assistance for
Rural Business Enterprises Guaranteed Loans," 1980-72 "Loan Note
Guarantee--Disaster Assistance for Rural Business Enterprises Guaranteed Loans,"
and 1980-73 "Assignment Guarantee Agreement--Disaster Assistance for Rural
Business Enterprises Guaranteed Loans" or their successor forms.
§ 1980.497 [Amended]

396.Amend § 1980.497 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "Refer to appendix G of this subpart
(available in any FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office)"
and adding "Refer to RD Instruction 1980-E, Appendix G, Liquidation and Property
Management Guide (available in any Rural Development office)" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (a), (b) introductory text, (c), and (d)(1), removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding
"Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraphs (b)(2) introductory text and (b)(3), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in
its place;

d. In paragraphs (d)(2) and (d)(7) through (d)(9), removing "Form FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;
and

e. In paragraph (f):

i. Removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "to Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "BENEFIT OF FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "benefit of RURAL DEVELOPMENT" in its place; and

iii. Removing "UNDER FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "UNDER RURAL DEVELOPMENT" in its place.
§ 1980.498 [Amended]

397.Amend § 1980.498 by:

a. In paragraphs (k) introductory text, (k)(4), and (k)(5), removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

b. In paragraph (m)(5) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

c. In paragraph (m)(5)(iii), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 410-1, "Application for FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 Services," or Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 449-1" and adding "Form RD 449-1" in its place.
Appendices A and B to Subpart E of Part 1980 [Removed and Reserved] Back to Top

398.Appendices A and B to Subpart E of Part 1980 are removed and reserved.
Appendix D to Subpart E of Part 1980 [Amended] Back to Top

399.Amend Appendix D to Subpart E of Part 1980 by removing:

a. "the Farmers Home Administration or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 (FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354)" in paragraph
(I)(B) and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs in
paragraphs (I)(B)(2)(a), (II)(A)(2)(g)(ii), (III)(A)(2), (III)(E) introductory
text, (III)(E)(2), (III)(G), (IV)(A), and (IV)(B)(1) and adding "Rural
Development" in its place; and

c. "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in paragraph
(IV)(B)(3) and adding "Form RD" in its place.
Appendix E to Subpart E of Part 1980 [Amended] Back to Top

400.Amend Appendix E to Subpart E of Part 1980 by removing:

a. "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's position" in
paragraph (I) and adding "Rural Development's position" in its place;

b. "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 action" in
paragraph (II) and adding "a Rural Development action" in its place; and

c. "the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 action" wherever
it occurs in paragraph (II) and adding "the Rural Development action" in its
place;

d. "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 project" in paragraph
(IV)(2) and adding "Rural Development project" in its place;

e. "or FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in paragraph
(XIII) and adding "or Rural Development" in its place; and

f. "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in paragraph
(XVII) and adding "by Rural Development" in its place.
Appendix F to Subpart E of Part 1980 [Removed and Reserved] Back to Top

401.Appendix F to subpart E of Part 1980 is removed and reserved.

402.Amend Appendix I to Subpart E of Part 1980 by:

a. Removing ", and appear in the Federal Register following the body of this
appendix as Exhibits A, B, and C in the following order" in paragraph A.
introductory text;

b. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraphs X.D and X.F and adding "Form RD" in its place;

c. Removing "will be used" in paragraphs A.(1) through (3), IV., and E.1 and 2,
and adding "or successor form will be used" in its place;

d. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will not" in
paragraph D. introductory text, and adding "Rural Development will not" in its
place;

e. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph D.(2) and adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

f. Removing "are FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph J. and adding "are Rural Development" in its place;

g. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 has" in
paragraph J. and adding "Rural Development has" in its place; and

h. Removing Exhibits A through C.
Appendix K to Subpart E of Part 1980 [Amended] Back to Top

403.Amend Appendix K to Subpart E of Part 1980 by:

a. Removing ", and appear in the Federal Register following the body of this
appendix as exhibits A, B, and C in the following order" in the introductory
text;

b. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs in paragraphs A.(1) through (3) and G. and adding "Form RD"
in its place;

c. Removing "will be used" in paragraphs A.(1) thorugh (3) and adding "or
successor form will be used" in its place;

d. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 insruction" wherever
they occur in paragraphs B. through F., H., J., and K. and adding "RD
Instruction" in their place;

e. Removing "other FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354-type
farm loan" in paragraph C. and adding "other Rural Development-type farm loan"
in its place;

f. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" in
paragraph D. and adding "Rural Development will" in its place;

g. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph D. and adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

h. Removing "will FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph D. and adding "will Rural Development" in its place;

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" in
paragraph F. and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

j. Removing "Guarantee DARBE," issued on" in paragraph G. and adding "Guarantee
DARBE, " (or successor form) issued on" in its place;

k. Removing "are FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph J. and adding "are Rural Development" in its place;

l. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 guaranteed
loans" in paragraph J. and adding "Rural Development guaranteed loans" in its
place;

m. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 has" and
adding "Rural Development has" in paragraph J. in its place; and

n. Removing Exhibits A through C.
Exhibit G to Subpart E of Part 1980 [Amended] Back to Top

404.Amend the Note to Exhibit G to Subpart E of Part 1980 by removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in
its place.
CHAPTER XXXV--RURAL HOUSING SERVICE, DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Back to Top
PART 3550--DIRECT SINGLE FAMILY HOUSING LOANS AND GRANTS Back to Top

405.The authority citation for part 3550 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 42 U.S.C. 1480.
Subpart C--Section 504 Origination and Section 306C Water and Waste Disposal
Grants Back to Top
§ 3550.103 [Amended]

406.Amend § 3550.103(g) by removing "FmHA" and adding "RD" in its place.

407.In § 3550.116, revise paragraph (c) to read as follows:
§ 3550.116 Definitions applicable to WWD grants only.

* * * * *

(c) Rural areas. Includes unincorporated areas and any city or town with a
population not in excess of 10,000 inhabitants. The population figure is
obtained from the most recent decennial Census of the United States (decennial
Census). If the applicable population figure cannot be obtained from the most
recent decennial Census, RD will determine the applicable population figure
based on available population data.

* * * * *
PART 3560--DIRECT MULTI-FAMILY HOUSING LOANS AND GRANTS Back to Top

408.The authority citation for part 3560 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

42 U.S.C. 1480.
Subpart A--General Provisions and Definitions Back to Top
§ 3560.11 [Amended]

409.In § 3560.11, revise the definition of "Rural area" to read as follows:
§ 3560.11 Definitions.

* * * * *

Rural area. An area classified as a rural area prior to October 1, 1990, (even
if within a Metropolitan Statistical Area), and any area deemed to be a `rural
area' under any other provision of law at any time during the period beginning
January 1, 2000, and ending December 31, 2010, shall continue to be so
classified until the receipt of data from the decennial census in the year 2020
if such area has a population exceeding 10,000, but not in excess of 35,000, is
rural in character, and has a serious lack of mortgage credit for low- and
moderate-income families.

* * * * *
Subpart B--Direct Loan and Grant Origination Back to Top
§ 3560.57 [Amended]

410.Amend § 3560.57(c) by removing "most recent census data, or" and adding
"most recent decennial Census of the United States, or" in its place.
PART 3570--COMMUNITY PROGRAMS Back to Top

411.The authority citation for part 3570 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989.

412.Revise § 3570.51(h) to read as follows:
§ 3570.51 General.

* * * * *

(h) The income data used to determine median household income must be that which
accurately reflects the income of the population to be served by the proposed
facility. The median household income of the service area and the
nonmetropolitan median household income for the State will be determined using
5-year income data from the American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other
Census Bureau data. If there is reason to believe that the ACS or other Census
Bureau data does not accurately represent the median household income within the
area to be served, this will be documented and the applicant may furnish, or RD
may obtain, additional information regarding such median household income data.
Information must consist of reliable data from local, regional, State, or
Federal sources or from a survey conducted by a reliable impartial source.

* * * * *

413.In § 3570.53, revise the definition of "Rural and rural area" to read as
follows:
§ 3570.53 Definitions.

* * * * *

Rural and rural area. For fiscal year 1999, the terms "rural" and "rural area"
include a city or town with a population of 20,000 or less inhabitants. There is
no limitation placed on population in open rural areas. After fiscal year 1999,
the terms "rural" and "rural area" include a city, town, or unincorporated area
that has a population of 50,000 inhabitants or less, other than an urbanized
area immediately adjacent to a city, town, or unincorporated area that has a
population in excess of 50,000 inhabitants. The population figures are obtained
from the most recent decennial Census of the United States (decennial Census).
If the applicable population figures cannot be obtained from the most recent
decennial Census, RD will determine the applicable population figures based on
available population data.

* * * * *
PART 3575--GENERAL Back to Top

414.The authority citation for part 3575 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301, 7 U.S.C. 1989.
Subpart A--Community Programs Guaranteed Loans Back to Top

415.In § 3575.2, revise the definition of "Rural and rural area" to read as
follows:
§ 3575.2 Definitions.

* * * * *

Rural and rural area. The terms "rural" and "rural area" mean a city, town, or
unincorporated area that has a population of 50,000 inhabitants or less, other
than an urbanized area immediately adjacent to a city, town, or unincorporated
area that has a population in excess of 50,000 inhabitants. The population
figure is obtained from the most recent decennial Census of the United States
(decennial Census). If the applicable population figure cannot be obtained from
the most recent decennial Census, RD will determine the applicable population
figure based on available population data.

* * * * *
CHAPTER XLII--RURAL BUSINESS-COOPERATIVE SERVICE AND RURAL UTILITIES SERVICE,
DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Back to Top
PART 4274--DIRECT AND INSURED LOANMAKING Back to Top

416.The authority citation for part 4274 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1932 note; 7 U.S.C. 1989.

417.In § 4274.302(a), remove the defintion of "Rural or rural area" and add the
definition of "Rural area" in alphabetical order to read as follows:
§ 4274.302 Definitions and abbreviations.

(a) * * *

Rural area. All territory of a State that is not within the outer boundary of
any city having a population of 25,000 or more. The population figure is
obtained from the most recent decennial Census of the United States (decennial
Census). If the applicable population figure cannot be obtained from the most
recent decennial Census, RD will determine the applicable population figure
based on available population data.

* * * * *

418.In § 4274.344, revise paragraphs (c)(2) introductory text and (c)(2)(vi)
introductory text to read as follows:
§ 4274.344 Filing and processing applications for loans.

* * * * *

(c) * * *

(2) Employment. For computations under this paragraph, income data should be
5-year income data from the American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other
Census Bureau data, updated according to changes in the consumer price index. If
there is reason to believe that the ACS or other Census Bureau data does not
accurately represent the median household income of the service area, the
reasons will be documented and the borrower may furnish, or RD may obtain,
additional information regarding such median household income data. Information
must consist of reliable data from local, regional, State or Federal sources or
from a survey conducted by a reliable impartial source. The poverty line used
will be as defined in section 673 (2) of the Community Services Block Grant Act
(42 U.S.C. 9902(2)). Unemployment data used will be that published by the Bureau
of Labor Statistics, U.S. Department of Labor.

* * * * *

(vi) The population of the service area according to the most recent decennial
Census was lower than that recorded by the previous decennial Census (or as
equivalently determined using another data source if the other data source was
used in determining whether the area was rural) by the following percentage:

* * * * *
PART 4279--GUARANTEED LOANMAKING Back to Top

419.The authority citation for part 4279 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1932(a); and 7 U.S.C. 1989.
Subpart A--General Back to Top

420.In § 4279.2, revise the definition of "Poor" to read as follows:
§ 4279.2 Definitions and abbreviations.

* * * * *

Poor. A community or area is considered poor if either the county, city, or
census tract where the community or area is located has a median household
income at or below the poverty line for a family of four; has a median household
income below the nonmetropolitan median household income for the State; or has a
population of which 25 percent or more have income at or below the poverty line.
The determination of "poor" will be based on 5-year data from the American
Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other Census Bureau data. If there is
reason to believe that the ACS or other Census Bureau data does not accurately
represent the median household income of the community or area, the reasons will
be documented and the borrower may furnish, or RD may obtain, additional
information regarding such median household income data. Information must
consist of reliable data from local, regional, State or Federal sources or from
a survey conducted by a reliable impartial source.

* * * * *
PART 4280--LOANS AND GRANTS Back to Top

421.The authority citation for part 4280 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 904c; 7 U.S.C. 8107.
Subpart A--Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant Program Back to Top

422.In § 4280.3, remove the definition of "Rural area" and add the definition of
"Rural or rural area" in alphabetical order to read as follows:
§ 4280.3 Definitions.

* * * * *

Rural or rural area. See 7 U.S.C. 1991(a)(13)(A) and (D) et seq.

* * * * *

423.Revise § 4280.42(b)(7) to read as follows:
§ 4280.42 Application evaluation and selection.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(7) Decline in population for the county where the Project is physically
located. If there has been a decline in population in the county where the
Project will be located over the time period covered by the two most recent
decennial Censuses to the present (or equivalent time frame if using a data
source other than the decennial Census), Rural Development will award 10 points.

* * * * *
Subpart B--Rural Energy for America Program General Back to Top
§ 4280.103 [Amended]

424.Amend § 4280.103 by removing "the latest decennial census" in the
introductory text to the definition of "Rural or rural area" and adding "the
most recent decennial Census" in its place.
Subpart D--Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program Back to Top

425.In § 4280.302(a), revise the first sentence of the definition of "Rural or
rural area" to read as follows:
4280.302 Definitions and abbreviations.

(a) * * *

Rural or rural area. Any area of a State not in a city or town that has a
population of more than 50,000 inhabitants, according to the most recent
decennial Census of the United States (decennial Census), and the contiguous and
adjacent urbanized area, and any area that has been determined to be "rural in
character" by the Under Secretary for Rural Development, or as otherwise
identified in this definition.

* * *

* * * * *
§ 4280.316 [Amended]

426.Amend § 4280.316(b)(1)(v) by removing "the latest applicable decennial
census" and adding "the most recent decennial Census" in its place.
PART 4284--GRANTS Back to Top

427.The authority citation for part 4284 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301 and 7 U.S.C. 1989.

Subpart F also issued under 7 U.S.C. 1932(e).

Subpart G also issued under 7 U.S.C. 1926(a)(11).

Subpart J also issued under 7 U.S.C. 1621 note.

Subpart K also issued under 7 U.S.C. 1621 note.
Subpart A--General Requirements for Cooperative Service Grant Programs Back to
Top
§ 4284.3 [Amended]

428.Amend § 4284.3 by removing "the latest decennial census" in the definition
of "rural and rural area" and adding "the most recent decennial Census" in its
place.
Subpart G--Rural Business Opportunity Grants Back to Top

429.In § 4284.603, revise the definitions of "long-term" and "rural and rural
area" to read as follows:
§ 4284.603 Definitions.

* * * * *

Long-term. The period of time covered by the three most recent decennial
Censuses of the United States to the present.

* * * * *

Rural and rural area. Any area other than a city or town that has a population
of greater than 50,000 inhabitants including the urbanized area contiguous and
adjacent to such a city or town. The population figure used must be in
accordance with the most recent decennial Census of the United States.

* * * * *
PART 4288--PAYMENT PROGRAMS Back to Top

430.The authority citation for part 4288 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989.
Subpart A--Repowering Assistance Payments to Eligible Biorefineries Back to Top
§ 4288.2 [Amended]

431.Amend § 4288.2 by removing "the latest decennial census" in the introductory
text of the definition of "Rural or rural area" and adding "the most recent
decennial Census" in its place.
PART 4290--RURAL BUSINESS INVESTMENT COMPANY ("RBIC") PROGRAM Back to Top

432.The authority citation for part 4290 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

7 U.S.C. 1989 and 209cc et seq.
Subpart B--Definition of Terms Used in Part 4290 Back to Top

433.In § 4290.50, revise the introductory text of the definition of "Rural Area"
and revise the definition of "Urban Area" to read as follows:
§ 4290.50 Definition of terms.

* * * * *

Rural Area means any area of a State not in a city or town that has a population
of more than 50,000 inhabitants, according to the most recent decennial Census
of the United States (decennial Census), or in the urbanized area contiguous and
adjacent to a city or town that has a population of more than 50,000
inhabitants, and any area that has been determined to be "rural in character" by
the Under Secretary for Rural Development, or as otherwise identified in this
definition.

* * * * *

Urban Area means an area containing a city (or its equivalent), or any
equivalent geographic area determined by the Census Bureau and adopted by the
Secretary for purposes of this definition (about which the Secretary will
publish a document in the Federal Register from time to time), which had a
population of over 150,000 in the most recent decennial Census and the urbanized
areas containing or adjacent to that city, both as determined by the Bureau of
the Census for the most recent decennial Census.

* * * * *
end regulatory text

Dated: January 15, 2015.

Lisa Mensah,

Under Secretary, Rural Development.

Dated: January 23, 2015.

Michael Scuse,

Under Secretary, Farm and Foreign Agricultural Services.


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               2 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 24, 2015 Tuesday

Rural Development Regulations-Update to FmHA References and to Census References

LENGTH: 61764  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Federal Register, Government of USA has issued the following news
release:


Action

Direct Final Rule.
Summary

Rural Development (RD) is amending its regulations by updating references to the
Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) and clarifying and updating references to the
census data. These actions will provide consistency in terminology between
program regulations. In addition, clarifying and updating references to census
data is needed to account for changes to the decennial Census, which, starting
with the 2010 decennial Census is no longer reporting income and unemployment
data. Additional revisions are being implemented to show the regulations that do
not apply to the Farm Service Agency (FSA) and to remove outdated or unnecessary
language.
Unified Agenda
Allocation Formulas

3 actions from August 3rd, 2000 to August 2003

August 3rd, 2000
        NPRM
        65 FR 47695
    October 2nd, 2000
        NPRM Comment Period End
    August 2003
        Final Action


Table of Contents Back to Top

DATES:
    ADDRESSES:
    FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT:
    SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:
    Classification
    Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance
    Executive Order 12372, Intergovernmental Review of Federal Programs
    Executive Order 12988, Civil Justice Reform
    Environmental Impact Statement
    Unfunded Mandates Reform Act
    Regulatory Flexibility Act
    Executive Order 13132, Federalism
    Executive Order 13175, Consultation and Coordination With Indian Tribal
Governments
    Paperwork Reduction Act
    E-Government Act Compliance
    I. Background and Discussion
    II. Discussion of Changes
    A. Farmers Home Administration (FmHA)
    B. Census References
    C. FSA Related Changes
    D. Outdated and/or Unnecessary Text in Those Parts and Subparts That Contain
Either Reference to Census Bureau or FmHA
    E. Other
    List of Subjects
    CHAPTER XVII--RURAL UTILITIES SERVICE, DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE
    PART 1709--ASSISTANCE TO HIGH ENERGY COST COMMUNITIES
    Subpart B--RUS High Energy Cost Grant Program
    Subpart C--Bulk Fuel Revolving Fund Grant Program
    PART 1714--PRE-LOAN POLICIES AND PROCEDURES FOR INSURED ELECTRIC LOANS
    Subpart A--General
    PART 1735--GENERAL POLICIES, TYPES OF LOANS, LOAN
REQUIREMENTS-TELECOMMUNICATIONS PROGRAM
    Subpart A--General
    Subpart B--Loan Purposes and Basic Policies
    PART 1737--PRE-LOAN POLICIES AND PROCEDURES COMMON TO INSURED AND GUARANTEED
TELECOMMUNICATIONS LOANS
    PART 1738--RURAL BROADBAND ACCESS LOANS AND LOAN GUARANTEES
    Subpart A--General
    PART 1739--BROADBAND GRANT PROGRAM
    PART 1740--PUBLIC TELEVISION STATION DIGITAL TRANSITION GRANT PROGRAM
    Subpart A--Public Televsion Station Digital Transition Grant Program
    PART 1774--SPECIAL EVALUATION ASSISTANCE FOR RURAL COMMUNITIES AND
HOUSEHOLDS PROGRAM
    Subpart A--General Provisions
    PART 1775--TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE GRANTS
    Subpart A--General Provisions
    PART 1776--HOUSEHOLD WATER WELL SYSTEM GRANT PROGRAM
    Subpart A--General
    PART 1777--SECTION 306C WWD LOANS AND GRANTS
    PART 1778--EMERGENCY AND IMMINENT COMMUNITY WATER ASSISTANCE GRANTS
    PART 1779--WATER AND WASTE DISPOSAL PROGRAMS GUARANTEED LOANS
    PART 1780--WATER AND WASTE LOANS AND GRANTS
    Subpart A--General Policies and Requirements
    Subpart B--Loan and Grant Application Processing
    PART 1781--RESOURCE CONSERVATION AND DEVELOPMENT (RCD) LOANS AND WATERSHED
(WS) LOANS AND ADVANCES
    PART 1783--REVOLVING FUNDS FOR FINANCING WATER AND WASTEWATER PROJECTS
(REVOLVING FUND PROGRAM)
    Subpart A--General
    CHAPTER XVIII--RURAL HOUSING SERVICE, RURAL BUSINESS-COOPERATIVE SERVICE,
RURAL UTILITIES SERVICE, AND FARM SERVICE AGENCY, DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE
    PART 1806--INSURANCE
    Subpart A--Real Property Insurance
    Subpart B--National Flood Insurance
    PART 1810--INTEREST RATES, TERMS, CONDITIONS, AND APPROVAL AUTHORITY
    Subpart A--Interest Rates, Amortization, Guarantee Fee, Annual Charge, and
Fixed Period
    PART 1822--Rural Housing Loans and Grants
    Subpart G--Rural Housing Site Loan Policies, Procedures, and Authorizations
    PART 1900--GENERAL
    Subpart C--Applicability of Federal Law
    Subpart D--Processing and Servicing Rural Development Assistance to
Employees, Relatives, and Associates
    PART 1901--PROGRAM-RELATED INSTRUCTIONS
    Subpart K--Certificates of Beneficial Ownership and Insured Notes
    PART 1902--SUPERVISED BANK ACCOUNTS
    Subpart A--Supervised Bank Accounts of Loan, Grant, and Other Funds
    PART 1910--GENERAL
    Subpart B--Credit Reports
    Subpart C--Commercial Credit Reports
    PART 1924--CONSTRUCTION AND REPAIR
    Subpart A--Planning and Performing Construction and Other Development
    Exhibit B to Subpart A [Amended]
    Exhibit C to Subpart A [Amended]
    Exhibit D to Subpart A [Amended]
    Exhibit H to Subpart A [Amended]
    Exhibit I to Subpart A [Amended]
    Exhibit J to Subpart A [Amended]
    Exhibit J to Subpart A [Amended]
    Exhibit J to Subpart A [Amended]
    Exhibit J to Subpart A [Amended]
    Exhibit K to Subpart A [Amended]
    Exhibit L to Subpart A [Amended]
    Subpart C--Planning and Performing Site Development Work
    Subpart F--Complaints and Compensation for Construction Defects
    PART 1925--TAXES
    Subpart C--Planning and Performing Site Development Work
    PART 1927--TITLE CLEARANCE AND LOAN CLOSING
    Subpart B--Real Estate Title Clearance and Loan Closing
    PART 1940--GENERAL
    Subpart I--Truth in Lending-Real Estate Settlement Procedures
    Subpart L--Methodology and Formulas for Allocation of Loan and Grant Program
Funds
    Subpart T--System for Delivery of Certain Rural Development Programs
    PART 1942--ASSOCIATIONS
    Subpart A--Community Facility Loan
    Subpart C--Fire and Rescue and Other Small Community Facilities Projects
    Subpart G--Rural Business Enterprise Grants and Television Demonstration
Grants
    PART 1944--HOUSING
    Subpart B--Housing Application Packaging Grants
    Subpart I--Self-Help Technical Assistance Grants
    Subpart K--Technical and Supervisory Assistance Grants
    Subpart N--Housing Preservation Grants
    PART 1948--RURAL DEVELOPMENT
    Subpart B--Section 601 Energy Impacted Area Development Assistance
    PART 1950--GENERAL
    Subpart C--Servicing Accounts of Borrowers Entering the Armed Forces
    PART 1951--SERVICING AND COLLECTIONS
    Subpart A--Account Servicing Policies
    Exhibit A to Subpart A of Part 1951--Notice to Agency Borrowers
    Subpart D--Final Payment of Loans
    Subpart E--Servicing of Community and Direct Business Programs Loans and
Grants
    Subpart F--Analyzing Credit Needs and Graduation of Borrowers
    Exhibit B to Subpart F [Amended]
    Subpart R--Rural Development Loan Servicing
    PART 1955--PROPERTY MANAGEMENT
    Subpart A--Liquidation of Loans Secured by Real Estate and Acquisition of
Real and Chattel Property
    Subpart B--Management of Property
    Exhibit A to Subpart B of Part 1955--Memorandum of Understanding Between the
Federal Emergency Management Agency and Rural Development
    Subpart C--Disposal of Inventory Property
    PART 1956--DEBT SETTLEMENT
    Subpart C--Debt Settlement--Community and Business Programs
    PART 1957--ASSET SALES
    Subpart A--Rural Housing Asset Sales
    PART 1962--PERSONAL PROPERTY
    Subpart A--Servicing and Liquidation of Chattel Security
    PART 1980--GENERAL
    Subpart E--Business and Industrial Loan Program
    Appendices A and B to Subpart E of Part 1980 [Removed and Reserved]
    Appendix D to Subpart E of Part 1980 [Amended]
    Appendix E to Subpart E of Part 1980 [Amended]
    Appendix F to Subpart E of Part 1980 [Removed and Reserved]
    Appendix K to Subpart E of Part 1980 [Amended]
    Exhibit G to Subpart E of Part 1980 [Amended]
    CHAPTER XXXV--RURAL HOUSING SERVICE, DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE
    PART 3550--DIRECT SINGLE FAMILY HOUSING LOANS AND GRANTS
    Subpart C--Section 504 Origination and Section 306C Water and Waste Disposal
Grants
    PART 3560--DIRECT MULTI-FAMILY HOUSING LOANS AND GRANTS
    Subpart A--General Provisions and Definitions
    Subpart B--Direct Loan and Grant Origination
    PART 3570--COMMUNITY PROGRAMS
    PART 3575--GENERAL
    Subpart A--Community Programs Guaranteed Loans
    CHAPTER XLII--RURAL BUSINESS-COOPERATIVE SERVICE AND RURAL UTILITIES
SERVICE, DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE
    PART 4274--DIRECT AND INSURED LOANMAKING
    PART 4279--GUARANTEED LOANMAKING
    Subpart A--General
    PART 4280--LOANS AND GRANTS
    Subpart A--Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant Program
    Subpart B--Rural Energy for America Program General
    Subpart D--Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program
    PART 4284--GRANTS
    Subpart A--General Requirements for Cooperative Service Grant Programs
    Subpart G--Rural Business Opportunity Grants
    PART 4288--PAYMENT PROGRAMS
    Subpart A--Repowering Assistance Payments to Eligible Biorefineries
    PART 4290--RURAL BUSINESS INVESTMENT COMPANY ("RBIC") PROGRAM
    Subpart B--Definition of Terms Used in Part 4290

DATES: Back to Top

This rule will become effective April 27, 2015 without further action unless the
Agency receives significant written adverse comments or written notices of
intent to submit adverse comments on or before March 26, 2015. If the Agency
receives significant adverse comments or notices, the Agency will publish a
timely notice in the Federal Register withdrawing those provisions on which
adverse comment were received.
ADDRESSES: Back to Top

You may submit adverse comments or notice of intent to submit adverse comments
to this rule by any of the following methods:

Federal eRulemaking Portal: http://www.regulations.gov. Follow the instructions
for submitting comments.
    Mail: Submit written comments via the U.S. Postal Service to the Branch
Chief, Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, U.S. Department of
Agriculture, STOP 0742, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-0742.

    Hand Delivery/Courier: Submit written comments via Federal Express Mail, or
other courier service requiring a street address, to the Branch Chief,
Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, U.S. Department of Agriculture, 300
7th Street SW., 7th Floor, Washington, DC 20024.

All written comments will be available for public inspection during regular work
hours at the 300 7th Street SW., 7th Floor address listed above.
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Back to Top

Kenneth Meardon, Policy Advisor, Rural Business-Cooperative Service, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, STOP 3201, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington,
DC 20250-3225; email: ken.meardon@wdc.usda.gov; telephone (202) 260-8296.
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Back to Top

Classification Back to Top

This rule has been determined to be not significant for purposes of Executive
Order 12866 and has not been reviewed by the Office of Management and Budget.
Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance Back to Top

RD's programs affected by this rulemaking are shown in the Catalog of Federal
Domestic Assistance (CFDA) with numbers as indicated:

10.350--Technical Assistance to Cooperatives

10.352--Value-Added Producer Grants (4284)

10.405--Farm Labor Housing Loans and Grants (3560)

10.410--Very Low to Moderate Income Housing Loans (Section 502 Rural Housing
Loans) (3550)

10.415--Rural Rental Housing Loans

10.420--Rural Self-Help Technical Assistance

10.427--Rural Rental Assistance Payments (3560)

10.433--Rural Housing Preservation Grants

10.438--Rural Rental Housing Program--Guaranteed Loans

10.441--Technical and Supervisory Assistance Grants

10.448--Rural Housing Service Multi-Family Housing Rural Housing Voucher
Demonstration Program (3560)

10.759--Special Evaluation Assistance for Rural Communities and Households
Program (SEARCH) (1774)

10.760--Water and Waste Disposal Systems for Rural Communities (1779, 1780)

10.761--Technical Assistance and Training Grants (1775)

10.762--Solid Waste Management Grants (1775)

10.763--Emergency Community Water Assistance Grants (1778)

10.766--Community Facilities Loans and Grants (3570, 3575)

10.767--Intermediary Relending Program (4274)

10.768--Business and Industry Guaranteed Loan Program (4279)

10.769--Rural Business Enterprise Grant Program

10.770--Water and Waste Disposal Loans and Grants (Section 306C) (1777)

10.771--Rural Cooperative Development Grants

10.773--Rural Business Opportunity Grant Program

10.781--Water and Waste Disposal Systems for Rural Communities--ARRA (1780)

10.782--Appropriate Technology Transfer for Rural Areas (4284)

10.850--Rural Electrification Loans and Loan Guarantees (1714)

10.851--Rural Telephone Loans and Loan Guarantees (1735)

10.854--Rural Economic Development Loans and Grants (4280)

10.857--State Bulk Fuel Revolving Fund Grants

10.858--RUS Denali Commission Grants and Loans

10.859--Assistance to High Energy Cost--Rural Communities (1709)

10.860--Rural Business Investment Program (4290)

10.861--Public Television Station Digital Transition Grant Program (1740)

10.862--Water and Waste Disposal Systems for Rural Communities (1776)

10.863--Community Connect Grant Program (1739)

10-864--Grant Program to Estabish a Fund for Financing Water and Wastewater
Projects (1783)

10.865--Biorefinery Assistance (4279)

10.866--Repowering Assistance Program (4288)

10.867--Bioenergy Program for Advanced Biofuels (4288)

10.868--Rural Energy for America Program (4280)

10.870--Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program

10.871--Small Socially-Disadvantaged Producer Grants (4284)

10.886--Rural Broadband Access Loans and Loan Guarantees (1738)

All active CFDA programs can be found at www.cfda.gov under "Department of
Agriculture, Rural Development." Programs not listed in this section or not
listed on the CFDA Web site but are still being serviced by RD will nevertheless
be covered by the requirements of this action.
Executive Order 12372, Intergovernmental Review of Federal Programs Back to Top

This action is not subject to the provisions of Executive Order 12372, which
requires intergovernmental consultation with State and local officials.
Executive Order 12988, Civil Justice Reform Back to Top

This rule has been reviewed under Executive Order 12988, Civil Justice Reform.
RD has determined that this rule meets the applicable standards provided in
section 3 of the Executive Order. Additionally, (1) all state and local laws and
regulations that are in conflict with this rule will be preempted; (2) no
retroactive effect will be given to the rule; and (3) administrative appeal
procedures, if any, must be exhausted before litigation against the Department
or its agencies may be initiated, in accordance with the regulations of the
National Appeals Division of USDA at 7 CFR part 11.
Environmental Impact Statement Back to Top

This document has been reviewed in accordance with 7 CFR part 1940, subpart G,
"Environmental Program." RD has determined that this action does not constitute
a major Federal action significantly affecting the quality of the human
environment and, in accordance with the National Environmental Policy Act (NEPA)
of 1969, 42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq., an Environmental Impact Statement is not
required.
Unfunded Mandates Reform Act Back to Top

This rule contains no Federal mandates (under the regulatory provisions of Title
II of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995) for State, local, and Tribal
governments or the private sector. Thus, this rule is not subject to the
requirements of sections 202 and 205 of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of
1995.
Regulatory Flexibility Act Back to Top

Under section 605(b) of the Regulatory Flexibility Act, 5 U.S.C. 605(b), RD
certifies that this rule will not have a significant economic impact on a
substantial number of small entities because the action will not affect a
significant number of small entities as defined by the Regulatory Flexibility
Act (5 U.S.C. 501). RBS made this determination based on the fact that this
action only impacts internal Agency procedures for determining how much of
available program funds are allocated to each state. Small entities will not be
impacted to a greater extent than large entities.
Executive Order 13132, Federalism Back to Top

The policies contained in this rule do not have any substantial direct effect on
states, on the relationship between the national government and the states, or
on the distribution of power and responsibilities among the various levels of
government. Nor does this rule impose substantial direct compliance costs on
state and local governments. Therefore, consultation with states is not
required.
Executive Order 13175, Consultation and Coordination With Indian Tribal
Governments Back to Top

This executive order imposes requirements on RD in the development of regulatory
policies that have Tribal implications or preempt tribal laws. RD has determined
that the rule does not, to our knowledge, have a substantial direct effect on
one or more Indian Tribe(s) or on either the relationship or the distribution of
powers and responsibilities between the Federal Government and Indian Tribes.
Thus, this rule is not subject to the requirements of Executive Order 13175. If
a Tribe determines that this rule has implications of which RD is not aware and
would like to engage with RD on this rule, please contact RD's Native American
Coordinator at (202) 690-1681 or AIAN@wdc.usda.gov
Paperwork Reduction Act Back to Top

There are no reporting and recordkeeping requirements associated with this rule.

E-Government Act Compliance Back to Top

RD is committed to complying with the E-Government Act, to promote the use of
the Internet and other information technologies, to provide increased
opportunities for citizens to access Government information and services
electronically.
I. Background and Discussion Back to Top

RD is amending numerous RD regulations in two broad areas--references to the
Farmners Home Administration and references to Bureau of Census data. For those
RD regulations affected by these two areas, RD is also making several additional
changes by updating the text with regard to applicability of the regulations to
the FSA; removing or updating outdated text, as applicable; and removing
unnecessary text.
II. Discussion of Changes Back to Top
A. Farmers Home Administration (FmHA)

Many RD regulations still contain references to the Farmers Home Administration,
or FmHA, which was the predecessor agency to both RD and FSA.

FmHA references most frequently encountered in RD regulations are in reference
to forms, instructions, and addresses. RD is either removing references that are
no longer necessary or updating the FmHA references to reflect the appropriate
entity, as applicable. New references will be to RD, Agency, to the specific RD
agency (Rural Business-Cooperative Service, Rural Housing Service, Rural
Utilities Service), to the "government," or to the United States, depending on
the context of the regulation. Where necessary in individual RD regulations,
definitions have been changed or added to reflect the new reference(s).
B. Census References

Many RD regulations refer to census data as the source to be used for various
popluation-, income-, and unemployment-related data. RD is amending those
portions of its regulations that reference U.S. Bureau of Census (Census Bureau)
and its data primarily due to changes in the data being reported by the Census
Bureau in the decennial Census.

Other changes are being implemented to further consistency among RD programs in
referencing sources to be used for population-related data requirements and
provisions and to provide clarification of how provisions are implemented.
Finally, RD is removing outdated or unnecessary text.

The following paragraphs discuss these changes.

1. Census Bureau data. RD allocates the funding for a number of its programs
using formulas that rely on data supplied by the Census Bureau, frequently as
found in the decennial Census. Most RD regulations refer to this as "using the
latest census data available" or similar language.

Starting with the 2010 census, however, the Census Bureau no longer reports
income data in the decennial Census. Thus, RD needs to identify an alternative
source for income-related data.

After examining several alternative data sources, RD determined that income data
published by the Census Bureau in the American Community Survey (ACS), as found
in the 5-year survey component of the ACS, provides the best source of data for
estimates of state-level income and poverty data, even though such are no longer
being published in the decennial Census. RD is also aware that the data
contained in the ACS may not meet the needs of a specific program and that the
ACS may at some point in the future be replaced or discontinued. For these
reasons, RD is using "5-year income data from the American Community Survey
(ACS) or, if needed, other Census Bureau data" to indicate the source of the
data to be used.

In some instances, RD regulations refer to using other data sources for
income-related data if the ACS or Census Bureau data are outdated. RD is
retaining that concept where it currently exists, but modifying the language to
address the revision noted in the preceding paragraph.

2. Consistency and clarification. As described below, RD is making several
changes to create consistency between the RD programs.

a. Whenever a regulation is directing the use of the decennial Census as the
data source, RD is using "the most recent decennial Census of the United States
(decennial Census)" consistently throughout the RD regulations. This change
brings consistency among the three RD agencies and their regulations.

b. RD regulations apply not only to what most people understand as the 50 states
of the United States, but also to the U.S. Virgin Islands, Puerto Rico, Guam,
American Samoa, the Marshall Islands, etc. The decennial Census does not report
population for most of these territories. Some, but not all, of the RD
regulations clearly identify how population data are to be obtained for these
other areas. To make this consistent, RD is revising text to make clear in all
its regulations the data sources to be used. Specifically, if the decennial
Census does not provide the applicable population information, then RD will
determine the applicable population data based on available population data.
C. FSA Related Changes

When they were operating as the Farmers Home Adminstration, RD and FSA shared
many regulations. With RD and FSA now separate entities, many of the regulations
in 7 CFR no longer apply to FSA. Some of these regulations have already been
identified as no longer being applicable to FSA. There are a few regulations,
however, that still need to be identified as no being applicable to FSA and RD
is adding text to that effect. The regulations are: 7 CFR 1900 subpart A, 7 CFR
1902 subpart A, and 7 CFR 1910 subpart B.
D. Outdated and/or Unnecessary Text in Those Parts and Subparts That Contain
Either Reference to Census Bureau or FmHA

Once RD identified those CFR parts that need updating with regard to references
to FmHA and the Census Bureau, RD also identified a number of other outdated or
unnecessary material, and thus is revising such material. In brief, these
changes:

Remove reference to Rand McNally and Company as an alternative source of
population data (7 CFR 1735.2, 7 CFR 1737.2);
    Remove references to a Federal Communications Commission Web site and to a
Census Tiger Map (7 CFR 1740.8(b)(1)(i) and (c)(1);
    Remove a series of Agency forms from 7 CFR 1980, Subpart E and their
conforming references. Specifically, RD will no longer publish in the CFR RD
forms identified as: (1) Appendix A, (2) Appendix B, (3) Appendix F, (4)
Exhibits A through C to Appendix I to Subpart E of Part 1980, and (5) Exhibits A
through C to Appendix K to Subpart E of Part 1980. The applicable forms will
continue to be available in RD offices and through RD's Web site;
    Remove reference to the year 2000 as it currently modifies "Census block" in
7 CFR 1709(b);
    Remove the first paragraph in the definition of Rural and rural area in 7
CFR 3575.1. This paragraph references Fiscal Year 1999 and is thus obsolete; and

    Update the reference to the Legislative Affairs and Public Information Staff
(LAPIS) with the Legislative and Public Affairs Staff (LAPAS) (7 CFR parts 1942,
1944, 1948, and 1980).

E. Other

For the Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant (REDLG) program, RD is
modifying both the definition of Rural or rural area" (7 CFR 4280.3) and the
scoring criterion associated with the decline in population for the county where
the project is physically located (7 CFR 4280.42(b)(7)).

RD is modifying the definition of "Rural or rural area" for REDLG to make the
definition consistent with the definition for "rural or rural area" found in the
Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP), whose definition is more
comprehensive and consistent with other definitions with Rural
Business-Cooperative Service programs.

RD is modifying the identified scoring criterion by adding reference to making
the calculation using the an "equivalent time frame" in those instances where
data is used from a data source other than the decennial Census.
List of Subjects Back to Top
7 CFR Part 1709

Administrative practice and procedure
    Electric utilities
    Grant programs--energy
    Rural areas

7 CFR Part 1714

Electric power
    Loan programs--energy
    Rural areas

7 CFR Part 1735

Loan programs--communications
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements
    Rural areas
    Telephone

7 CFR Part 1737

Loan programs--communications
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements
    Rural areas

7 CFR Part 1738

Broadband
    Loan programs--communications
    Rural areas
    Telecommunications
    Telephone

7 CFR Part 1739

Broadband
    Grant programs--Communications
    Rural areas
    Telecommunications
    Telephone

7 CFR Part 1740

Grant programs--Digital televisions; Communications
    Rural areas
    Television

7 CFR Part 1774

Community development
    Grant programs
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements
    Rural areas
    Waste treatment and disposal
    Water supply

7 CFR Part 1775

Business and industry
    Community development
    Community facilities
    Grant programs--housing and community development
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements
    Rural areas
    Waste treatment and disposal
    Water supply
    Watersheds

7 CFR Part 1776

Agriculture
    Community development
    Community facilities
    Credit
    Grant programs--housing and community development
    Nonprofit organizations
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements
    Rural areas
    Waste treatment and disposal
    Water pollution control
    Water resources
    Water supply
    Watersheds

7 CFR Part 1777

Community development
    Community facilities
    Grant programs--housing and community development
    Loan programs--housing and community development
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements
    Rural areas
    Waste treatment and disposal
    Water supply
    Watersheds

7 CFR Part 1778

Community development
    Community facilities
    Grant programs--Housing and Community development
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements
    Rural areas
    Waste treatment and disposal
    Water supply
    Watersheds

7 CFR Part 1779

Loan programs--housing and community development
    Rural areas
    Waste treatment and disposal
    Water supply

7 CFR Part 1780

Community development
    Community facilities
    Grant programs--housing and community development
    Loan programs--housing and community development
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements
    Rural areas
    Waste treatment and disposal
    Water supply
    Watersheds

7 CFR Part 1781

Community development
    Community facilities
    Loan programs--housing and community development
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements
    Rural areas
    Waste treatment and disposal
    Water supply
    Watersheds

7 CFR Part 1783

Business and industry
    Community development
    Community facilities
    Grant programs--housing and community development
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements
    Rural areas
    Waste treatment and disposal
    Water supply
    Watersheds

7 CFR Part 1806

Agriculture
    Flood insurance
    Loan programs--agriculture
    Loan programs--housing and community development
    Low and moderate income housing
    Rural areas

7 CFR Part 1810

Agriculture
    Loan programs--agriculture
    Loan programs--Housing and community development
    Low and moderate income housing
    Rural areas

7 CFR Part 1822

Loan programs--Housing and community development
    Low and moderate income housing
    Nonprofit organizations
    Rural areas

7 CFR Part 1900

Administrative practice and procedure
    Authority delegations (Government agencies)
    Conflict of interests
    Government employees
    Grant programs--agriculture
    Grant programs--housing and community development
    Loan programs--agriculture
    Loan programs--housing and community development
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements
    Rural areas

7 CFR Part 1901

Agriculture
    Civil rights
    Fair housing
    Grant programs--agriculture
    Grant programs--housing and community development
    Grant programs--Indians
    Historic preservation
    Indians
    Intergovernmental relations
    Loan Programs--agriculture
    Loan programs--housing and community development
    Marital status discrimination
    Minimum wages
    Religious discrimination
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements
    Rural areas
    Sex discrimination

7 CFR Part 1902

Accounting; Banks
    banking; Grant programs--agriculture
    Grant programs--housing and community development; Loan
programs--agriculture; Loan programs--housing and community development
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements

7 CFR Part 1910

Agriculture
    Credit
    Loan programs--agriculture
    Loan programs--housing and community development
    Low and moderate income housing
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements

7 CFR Part 1924

Agriculture
    Administrative practice and procedures
    Claims
    Credit
    Grant programs--housing and community development
    Housing Standards
    Loan programs-agriculture
    Low and moderate income housing
    Manufactured homes
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements
    Rural areas

7 CFR Part 1925

Agriculture
    Loan programs--agriculture
    Loan programs--housing and community development
    Low and moderate income housing
    Rural areas
    Taxes

7 CFR Part 1927

Agriculture
    Loan programs--agriculture
    Loan programs--housing and community development
    Low and moderate income housing
    Rural areas

7 CFR Part 1940

Agriculture
    Environmental protection
    Flood plains
    Grant programs--agriculture
    Grant programs-housing and community development
    Loan programs-agriculture
    Loan programs--housing and community development
    Low and moderate income housing
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements
    Rural areas
    Truth in lending

7 CFR Part 1942

Business and industry
    Community facilities
    Fire prevention
    Grant programs--business
    Grant programs--housing and community development
    Grant programs--Indians
    Indians
    Loan programs--agriculture
    Loan programs-housing and community development
    Loan programs--Indians
    Loan programs--natural resources
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements
    Rural areas
    Waste treatment and disposal
    Water supply
    Watersheds

7 CFR Part 1944

Administrative practice and procedure
    Aged
    Cooperatives
    Fair housing
    Grant programs--housing and community development
    Home improvement
    Individuals with disabilities
    Loan programs--housing and community development
    Low and moderate income housing
    Manufactured homes
    Migrant labor
    Rent subsidies
    Reporting requirements
    Rural areas

7 CFR Part 1948

Coal
    Community facilities
    Grant programs--housing and community development
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements
    Rural areas
    Uranium

7 CFR Part 1950

Accounting
    Loan programs--agriculture
    Loan programs--housing and community development
    Military personnel
    Rural areas

7 CFR Part 1951

Accounting
    Claims
    Community facilities
    Credit
    Disaster assistance
    Government employees
    Grant programs--housing and community development
    Housing
    Income taxes
    Loan programs--agriculture
    Loan programs--housing and community development
    Low and moderate income housing
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements
    Rural areas
    Wages

7 CFR Part 1955

Agriculture
    Drug traffic control
    Government property
    Loan programs--agriculture
    Loan programs--housing and community development
    Low and moderate income housing
    Rural areas

7 CFR Part 1956

Accounting
    Business and industry
    Claims
    Loan programs--agriculture
    Loan programs--housing and community development
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements
    Rural areas

7 CFR Part 1957

Loan programs--housing and community development
    Low and moderate income housing
    Rural areas

7 CFR Part 1962

Agriculture
    Bankruptcy
    Drug traffic control
    Government property
    Loan programs--agriculture
    Loan programs--housing and community development
    Rural areas

7 CFR Part 1980

Agriculture
    Business and industry
    Community facilities
    Credit
    Disaster assistance
    Livestock
    Loan programs--agriculture
    Loan programs--business
    Loan programs--housing and community development
    Low and moderate income housing
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements
    Rural areas

7 CFR Part 3550

Administrative practice and procedure
    Environmental impact statements
    Fair housing
    Grant programs--housing and community development
    Housing
    Loan programs--housing and community development
    Low and moderate income housing
    Manufactured homes
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements
    Rural areas

7 CFR Part 3560

Accounting
    Administrative practice and procedure
    Aged
    Conflict of interests
    Government property management
    Grant programs--Housing and community development
    Insurance
    Loan programs--Agriculture
    Loan programs--Housing and community development
    Low and moderate income housing
    Migrant labor
    Mortgages
    Nonprofit organizations
    Public housing
    Rent subsidies
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements
    Rural areas

7 CFR Part 3570

Administrative practice and procedure
    Fair Housing
    Grant programs--housing and community development
    ousing
    Low and moderate income housing
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements
    Rural areas

7 CFR Part 3575

Loan programs--agriculture

7 CFR Part 4274

Community development
    Loan programs--business
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements
    Rural areas

7 CFR Part 4279

Loan programs--business
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements
    Rural areas

7 CFR Part 4280

Loan programs--Business and industry
    Economic development
    Energy
    Energy efficiency improvements
    Feasibility studies
    Grant programs
    Guaranteed loan programs
    Renewable energy systems
    Rural areas

7 CFR Part 4284

Business and industry
    Community development
    Community facilities
    Grant programs--housing and community development
    Loan programs--housing and community development
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements
    Rural areas
    Waste treatment and disposal
    Water supply

7 CFR Part 4288

Administrative practice and procedure
    Energy--advanced biofuel
    Renewable biomass
    Reporting and recordkeeping

7 CFR Part 4290

Community development
    Government securities
    Grant programs--business
    Securities
    Small businesses

For the reasons discussed above, Rural Development is amending chapters XVII,
XVIII, XXXV, and XLII of title 7, of the Code of Federal Regulations as follows
CHAPTER XVII--RURAL UTILITIES SERVICE, DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Back to Top
begin regulatory text
PART 1709--ASSISTANCE TO HIGH ENERGY COST COMMUNITIES Back to Top
end regulatory text

1.The authority citation for part 1709 continues to read as follows:
Authority: Back to Top

5 U.S.C. 301, 7 U.S.C. 901 et seq.
begin regulatory text
Subpart B--RUS High Energy Cost Grant Program Back to Top
§ 1709.107 [Amended]

2.Amend § 1709.107(b) by removing "2000 Census block" and adding "Census block
according to the most recent decennial Census of the United States (decennial
Census)" in its place.

3.Revise § 1709.123(c)(2) to read as follows:
§ 1709.123 Evaluation criteria and weights.

* * * * *

(c) * * *

(2) Rurality. Priority consideration may be given to proposals that serve
smaller rural communities. Applications will be scored based on the population
of the largest incorporated cities, towns or villages or census designated
places included within the grant's proposed target area as determined using the
population figures from the most recent decennial Census. If the applicable
population figure cannot be based on the most recent decennial Census, RD will
determine the applicable population figure based on available population data.

* * * * *
Subpart C--Bulk Fuel Revolving Fund Grant Program Back to Top

4.Revise § 1709.210(c)(3) to read as follows:
§ 1709.210 Application process.

* * * * *

(c) * * *

(3) Assessment of needs and potential beneficiaries. The application must
provide estimates of the number, location and population of potentially eligible
areas in the State and their estimated fuel needs and costs. The section must
also describe the criteria used to identify eligible areas, including the
characteristics that make fuel deliveries by surface transport impossible or
impracticable. The description of beneficiary communities should provide a
detailed breakdown of the density profile of the area to be served by eligible
projects. Indicate to what extent persons in eligible areas live outside of
communities of 2,500 persons or more, communities of 5,000 or more or outside of
communities of 20,000 or more. All population estimates should be based on the
most recent decennial Census of the United States. If the applicable population
estimate cannot be based on the most recent decennial Census, RD will determine
the applicable population figure based on available population data. All
representations should be supported with exhibits such as maps, summary tables
and references to official information sources.

* * * * *
PART 1714--PRE-LOAN POLICIES AND PROCEDURES FOR INSURED ELECTRIC LOANS Back to
Top

5.The authority citation for part 1714 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

7 U.S.C. 901 et seq.; 1921 et seq.; and 6941 et seq.
Subpart A--General Back to Top

6.Revise the second and third sentences in § 1714.5(d) to read as follows:
§ 1714.5 Determination of interest rates on municipal rate loans.

* * * * *

(d) * * * The method used to determine this rate is set forth in the regulations
of the Rural Housing Service at 7 CFR 1942.17(f)(1) and (4). Pursuant to the RUS
rule, the interest rates are set using as guidance the average of the Bond Buyer
Index for the four weeks prior to the first Friday of the last month before the
beginning of the quarter. * * *

7.Revise § 1714.7(b)(2)(i) and (ii) to read as follows:
§ 1714.7 Interest rate cap.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(2) * * *

(i) To qualify under the consumer income test, the borrower must include in its
loan application information about the location of its residential consumers.
The borrower must provide to RUS, based on the most recent data available at the
time of loan application, either the number of consumers in each county it
serves or the number of consumers in each census tract it serves. Using 5-year
income data from the American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other Census
Bureau data, RUS will compare, on a weighted average basis, the average per
capita and median household income of the counties or census tracts served by
the borrower with state figures.

(ii) If there is reason to believe that the ACS or other Census Bureau data does
not accurately represent the economic conditions of the borrower's consumers,
the reasons will be documented and the borrower may furnish, or RD may obtain,
additional information regarding such economic conditions. Information must
consist of reliable data from local, regional, State, or Federal sources or from
a survey conducted by a reliable impartial source. The Administrator has the
sole discretion to determine whether such data submitted by the borrower is
sufficient to determine whether the borrower qualifies under the consumer income
test.

* * * * *
PART 1735--GENERAL POLICIES, TYPES OF LOANS, LOAN
REQUIREMENTS-TELECOMMUNICATIONS PROGRAM Back to Top

8.The authority citation for part 1735 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

7 U.S.C. 901 et seq., 1921 et seq., and 6941 et seq.
Subpart A--General Back to Top

9.In § 1735.2, revise the definition of "Rural area" to read as follows:
§ 1735.2 Definitions.

* * * * *

Rural area means any area of the United States, its territories and insular
possessions (including any area within the Federated States of Micronesia, the
Republic of the Marshall Islands, and the Republic of Palau) not included within
the boundaries of any incorporated or unincorporated city, village or borough
having a population exceeding 5,000 inhabitants. The population figure is
obtained from the most recent decennial Census of the United States (decennial
Census). If the applicable population figure cannot be obtained from the most
recent decennial Census, RD will determine the applicable population figure
based on available population data. For purposes of the "rural area" definition,
the character of an area is determined as of a time the initial loan for the
system is made.

* * * * *
Subpart B--Loan Purposes and Basic Policies Back to Top

10.Revise § 1735.10(g) to read as follows:
§ 1735.10 General.

* * * * *

(g) For the purpose of paragraph (a)(2) of this section, rural areas means any
area that is not located within a city, town, or incorporated area that has a
population of greater than 20,000 inhabitants or within an urbanized area
contiguous and adjacent to a city or town that has a population of greater than
50,000 inhabitants. For the purpose of the definition of rural area,

(1) The population figure is obtained from the most recent decennial Census of
the United States (decennial Census). If the applicable population figure cannot
be obtained from the most recent decennial Census, RD will determine the
applicable population figure based on available population data; and

(2) An urbanized area means a densely populated territory as defined in the most
recent decennial Census.
PART 1737--PRE-LOAN POLICIES AND PROCEDURES COMMON TO INSURED AND GUARANTEED
TELECOMMUNICATIONS LOANS Back to Top

11.The authority citation for part 1737 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

7 U.S.C. 901 et seq., 1921 et seq.; Pub. L. 103-354, 108 Stat. 3178 (7 U.S.C.
6941 et.seq.).

12.In § 1737.2, revise the definition of "Rural area" to read as follows:
§ 1737.2 Definitions.

* * * * *

Rural area means any area of the United States, its territories and possessions
(including any area within the Federated States of Micronesia, the Republic of
the Marshall Islands, and the Republic of Palau) not included within the
boundaries of any incorporated or unincorporated city, village or borough having
a population exceeding 5,000 inhabitants. The population figure is obtained from
the most recent decennial Census of the United States. If the applicable
population figure cannot be obtained from the most recent decennial Census, RD
will determine the applicable population figure based on available population
data. For purposes of the "rural area" definition, the character of an area is
determined as of a time the initial loan for the system is made.

* * * * *
PART 1738--RURAL BROADBAND ACCESS LOANS AND LOAN GUARANTEES Back to Top

13.The authority citation for part 1738 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

Pub. L. 107-171, 7 U.S.C. 901 et seq.
Subpart A--General Back to Top

14.In § 1738.2(a), revise the definition of "Rural area" to read as follows:
§ 1738.2 Definitions.

(a) * * *

Rural area means any area, as confirmed by the most recent decennial Census of
the United States (decennial Census), which is not located within:

(i) A city, town, or incorporated area that has a population of greater than
20,000 inhabitants; or

(ii) An urbanized area contiguous and adjacent to a city or town that has a
population of greater than 50,000 inhabitants. For purposes of the definition of
rural area, an urbanized area means a densely populated territory as defined in
the most recent decennial Census.

* * * * *
PART 1739--BROADBAND GRANT PROGRAM Back to Top

15.The authority citation for part 1739 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

Title III, Pub. L. 108-199, 118 Stat. 3.

16.In § 1739.3, revise the definition of "Rural area" to read as follows:
§ 1739.3 Definitions.

* * * * *

Rural area means any area, as confirmed by the most recent decennial Census of
the United States (decennial Census), which is not located within:

(1) A city, town, or incorporated area that has a population of greater than
20,000 inhabitants; or

(2) An urbanized area contiguous and adjacent to a city or town that has a
population of greater than 50,000 inhabitants. For purposes of the definition of
rural area, an urbanized area means a densely populated territory as defined in
the most recent decennial Census.

* * * * *
PART 1740--PUBLIC TELEVISION STATION DIGITAL TRANSITION GRANT PROGRAM Back to
Top

17.The authority citation for part 1740 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2005; Title III: Rural Development Programs;
Rural Utilities Service; Distance Learning, Telemedicine, and Broadband Program;
Pub. L. 108-447.
Subpart A--Public Televsion Station Digital Transition Grant Program Back to Top

§ 1740.8 [Amended]

18.Amend § 1740.8 by:

a. In paragraph (b)(1)(i), removing "http://www.fcc.gov/fcc-bin/audio/tvq.html"
and removing ", overlaid on a Census Tiger Map. The map also shows counties
covered" and

b. In paragraph (c)(1), removing the last sentence.
PART 1774--SPECIAL EVALUATION ASSISTANCE FOR RURAL COMMUNITIES AND HOUSEHOLDS
PROGRAM Back to Top

19.The authority citation for part 1774 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

7 U.S.C. 1926(a)(2)(C).
Subpart A--General Provisions Back to Top

20.In § 1774.2, revise the definitions of "Financially distressed area" and
"Rural area" to read as follows:
§ 1774.2 Definitions.

* * * * *

Financially distressed area. An area is considered financially distressed if the
median household income of the area to be served is either below the poverty
line or below 80 percent of the statewide non-metropolitan median household
income according to the 5-year income data from the American Community Survey
(ACS) or, if needed, other Census Bureau data. If there is reason to believe
that the ACS or other Census Bureau data does not accurately represent the
median household income of the area to be served, the reasons will be documented
and the borrower may furnish, or RD may obtain, additional information regarding
such median household income data. Information must consist of reliable data
from local, regional, State or Federal sources or from a survey conducted by a
reliable impartial source.

* * * * *

Rural area. For the purposes of this SEARCH program, any area not in a city or
town with a population of 2,500 or fewer, according to the most recent decennial
Census of the United States (decennial Census). If the applicable population
figure cannot be obtained from the most recent decennial Census, RD will
determine the applicable population figure based on available population data.

* * * * *
PART 1775--TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE GRANTS Back to Top

21.The authority citation for part 1775 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 16 U.S.C. 1005.
Subpart A--General Provisions Back to Top

22.In § 1775.2, revise the definition of "Rural area" to read as follows:
§ 1775.2 Definitions.

* * * * *

Rural area. Any area not in a city or town with a population in excess of
10,000, according to the most recent decennial Census of the United States. If
the applicable population figure cannot be obtained from the most recent
decennial Census, RD will determine the applicable population figure based on
available population data.

* * * * *
PART 1776--HOUSEHOLD WATER WELL SYSTEM GRANT PROGRAM Back to Top

23.The authority citation for part 1776 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

7 U.S.C. 1926e.
Subpart A--General Back to Top

24.In § 1776.3, revise the definition of "Eligible individual" to read as
follows:
§ 1776.3 Definitions.

* * * * *

Eligible individual means an individual who is a member of a household the
members of which have a combined income (for the most recent 12-month period for
which the information is available) that is not more than 100 percent of the
median nonmetropolitan household income for the State or territory in which the
individual resides, according to 5-year income data from the American Community
Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other Census Bureau data. If there is reason to
believe that the ACS or other Census Bureau data does not accurately represent
the median nonmetropolitan household income for the State or territory in which
the individual resides, the reasons will be documented and the applicant may
furnish, or RD may obtain, additional information regarding such median
household income data. Information must consist of reliable data from local,
regional, State or Federal sources or from a survey conducted by a reliable
impartial source.

* * * * *
PART 1777--SECTION 306C WWD LOANS AND GRANTS Back to Top

25.The authority citation for part 1777 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 16 U.S.C. 1005.

26.In § 1777.4, revise the definition of "Rural areas" to read as follows:
§ 1777.4 Definitions.

* * * * *

Rural areas. Includes unincorporated areas and any city or town with a
population not in excess of 10,000 inhabitants located in any of the 50 States,
the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the Western Pacific Territories, Marshall
Islands, Federated States of Micronesia, Republic of Palau, and the U.S. Virgin
Islands. The population figure is obtained from the most recent decennial Census
of the United States. If the applicable population figure cannot be obtained
from the most recent decennial Census, RD will determine the applicable
population figure based on available population data.

* * * * *

27.Revise § 1777.12(a)(1) to read as follows:
§ 1777.12 Eligibility.

(a) * * *

(1) Per capita income of the residents is not more than 70 percent of the most
recent national average per capita income, as determined by 5-year income data
from the American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other Census Bureau
data. If there is reason to believe that the ACS or other Census Bureau data
does not accurately represent the per capita income of the residents, the
reasons will be documented and the borrower/applicant may furnish, or RD may
obtain, additional information regarding such per capita income data.
Information must consist of reliable data from local, regional, State or Federal
sources or from a survey conducted by a reliable impartial source, and

* * * * *
PART 1778--EMERGENCY AND IMMINENT COMMUNITY WATER ASSISTANCE GRANTS Back to Top

28.The authority citation for part 1778 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301, 7 U.S.C. 1989; 16 U.S.C. 1005.

29.In § 1778.4, revise the definition of "Rural areas" to read as follows:
§ 1778.4 Definitions.

* * * * *

Rural areas. Includes any area not in a city or town with a population in excess
of 10,000 inhabitants located in any of the fifty States, the Commonwealth of
Puerto Rico, the Western Pacific Territories, Marshall Islands, Federated States
of Micronesia, Republic of Palau, and the U.S. Virgin Islands. The population
figure is obtained from the most recent decennial Census of the United States
(decennial Census). If the applicable population figure cannot be obtained from
the most recent decennial Census, RD will determine the applicable population
figure based on available population data.

* * * * *

30.Revise § 1778.10(a)(1) and (2) to read as follows:
§ 1778.10 Restrictions.

(a) * * *

(1) Assist any city or town with a population in excess of 10,000 inhabitants.
The population figure is obtained from the most recent decennial Census. If the
applicable population figure cannot be obtained from the most recent decennial
Census, RD will determine the applicable population figure based on available
population data. Facilities financed by RUS may be located in non-rural areas.
However, loan and grant funds may be used to finance only that portion of the
facility serving rural areas, regardless of facility location.

(2) Assist a rural area that has a median household income in excess of the
statewide nonmetropolitan median household income as determined by 5-year income
data from the American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other Census Bureau
data. If there is reason to believe that the ACS or other Census Bureau data
does not accurately represent the median household income of the rural area, the
reasons will be documented and the applicant may furnish, or RD may obtain,
additional information regarding such median household income data. Information
must consist of reliable data from local, regional, State or Federal sources or
from a survey conducted by a reliable impartial source.

* * * * *
§ 1778.13 [Amended]

31.Amend § 1778.13(b) by removing "decennial census of the United States" and
adding "decennical Census" in its place.
PART 1779--WATER AND WASTE DISPOSAL PROGRAMS GUARANTEED LOANS Back to Top

32.The authority citation for part 1779 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 16 U.S.C. 1005.

33.In § 1779.2, revise the definition of "Rural and rural area" to read as
follows:
§ 1779.2 Definitions.

* * * * *

Rural and rural area. Any area not in a city or town with a population in excess
of 10,000 inhabitants. The population figure is obtained from the most recent
decennial Census of the United States (decennial Census). If the applicable
population figure cannot be obtained from the most recent decennial Census, RD
will determine the applicable population figure based on available population
data.

* * * * *
PART 1780--WATER AND WASTE LOANS AND GRANTS Back to Top

34.The authority citation for part 1780 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 16 U.S.C. 1005.
Subpart A--General Policies and Requirements Back to Top

35.Revise the second, third, and fourth sentences of § 1780.1(b) to read as
follows:
§ 1780.1 General.

* * * * *

(b) * * * The median household income of the service area and the
nonmetropolitan median household income of the State will be determined from
income data from 5-year income data from the American Community Survey (ACS) or,
if needed, other Census Bureau data. If there is reason to believe that the ACS
or other Census Bureau data does not accurately represent the median household
income within the area to be served, the reasons will be documented and the
applicant may furnish, or RD may obtain, additional information regarding such
median household income data. Information must consist of reliable data from
local, regional, State or Federal sources or from a survey conducted by a
reliable impartial source. * * *

36.In § 1780.3, revise the definition of "Rural and rural areas" to read as
follows:
§ 1780.3 Definitions and grammatical rules of construction.

* * * * *

Rural and rural areas means any area not in a city or town with a population in
excess of 10,000 inhabitants. The population figure is obtained from the most
recent decennial Census of the United States (decennial Census). If the
applicable population figure cannot be obtained from the most recent decennial
Census, RD will determine the applicable population figure based on available
population data.

* * * * *

37.Revise § 1780.18(c)(2)(ii) to read as follows:
§ 1780.18 Allocation of program funds.

* * * * *

(c) * * *

(2) * * *

(ii) The data sources for each criterion identified in paragraph (c)(2) of this
section are specified in paragraphs (c)(2)(ii)(A) through (C) of this section.
Each criterion is assigned a specific weight according to its relevance in
determining need. The percentage representing each criterion is multiplied by
the weight factor and summed to arrive at a State factor (SF). The SF cannot
exceed 0.05, as follows:

SF = (criterion in paragraph (b)(2)(i)(A) of this section × 50 percent) +
(criterion in paragraph (b)(2)(i)(B) × 25 percent) + (criterion in paragraph
(b)(2)(i)(C) of this section × 25 percent)

(A) For the criterion specified in paragraph (b)(2)(i)(A) of this section, the
most recent decennial Census data.

(B) For the criterion specified in paragraph (b)(2)(i)(B) of this section,
5-year income data from the American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other
Census Bureau data.

(C) For the criterion specified in paragraph (b)(2)(i)(C) of this section, the
most recent Bureau of Labor Statistics data.

* * * * *
Subpart B--Loan and Grant Application Processing Back to Top

38.Revise § 1780.49(b)(2) to read as follows:
§ 1780.49 Rural or Native Alaskan villages.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(2) Rural or Native Alaskan village. A rural or Native Alaskan community which
meets the definition of a village under State statutes and does not have a
population in excess of 10,000 inhabitants according to the most recent
decennial Census.

* * * * *
PART 1781--RESOURCE CONSERVATION AND DEVELOPMENT (RCD) LOANS AND WATERSHED (WS)
LOANS AND ADVANCES Back to Top

39.The authority citation for part 1781 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 16 U.S.C. 1005.
§ 1781.2 [Amended]

40.Amend the first sentence of § 1781.2(a) by removing ", successor to the
Farmers's Home Administration" in the first sentence.
PART 1783--REVOLVING FUNDS FOR FINANCING WATER AND WASTEWATER PROJECTS
(REVOLVING FUND PROGRAM) Back to Top

41.The authority citation for part 1783 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

7 U.S.C. 1926 (a)(2)(B).
Subpart A--General Back to Top

42.In § 1783.3, revise the definition of "Rural and rural area" to read as
follows:
§ 1783.3 What definitions are used in this regulation?

* * * * *

Rural and rural area means a city, town or unincorporated area that has a
population of no more than 10,000 inhabitants. The population figure is obtained
from the most recent decennial Census of the United States (decennial Census).
If the applicable population figure cannot be obtained from the most recent
decennial Census, RD will determine the applicable population figure based on
available population data.

* * * * *
CHAPTER XVIII--RURAL HOUSING SERVICE, RURAL BUSINESS-COOPERATIVE SERVICE, RURAL
UTILITIES SERVICE, AND FARM SERVICE AGENCY, DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Back to
Top
PART 1806--INSURANCE Back to Top

43.The authority citation for part 1806 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 42 U.S.C. 1480.
Subpart A--Real Property Insurance Back to Top
§ 1806.1 [Amended]

44.Amend § 1806.1 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "Rural Housing Service (RHS). Any references
herein to the Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its employees are intended
to mean FSA or RHS, as applicable, and their employees." and adding "Rural
Housing Service (RHS), herein referred to as the "Agency." in its place;

b. In paragraphs (b) and (d), removing "the FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

c. In paragraph (e), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing
"interest of the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "interest of RD" in its place.
§ 1806.2 [Amended]

45.Amend § 1806.2 by:

a. In paragraph (b)(5)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (b)(6) introductory text and (b)(6)(i), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

c. In paragraphs (b)(9) and (b)(10) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "the
Agency" in their place;

d. In paragraph (b)(11) introductory text:

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 has" and
adding "the Agency has" in its place; and

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "the Agency will" in its place;

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

d. In paragraph (b)(11)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place;

e. In paragraph (b)(11)(iii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 is" and adding "the Agency is" in its place and removing
"Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form
RD" in its place;

f. In paragraph (b)(11)(iv) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "The Agency" in its place;

g. In paragraph (b)(11)(iv)(A), removing "United States of America (Farmers Home
Administration or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354)" and adding
"United States of America (Rural Development)" in its place and removing "naming
FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "naming the
Agency" in its place;

h. In paragraph (b)(11)(iv)(B), removing "United States of America (Farmers Home
Administration or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354)" and adding
"United States of America (Rural Development)" in its place and removing "by
FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "by the
Agency" in its place;

i. In paragraph (b)(11)(iv)(C), removing "the Farmers Home Admnistration or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place;

j. In paragraph (c), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing
"in which the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"in which the Agency" in its place;

k. In paragraph (d)(1) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

l. In paragraph (d)(1)(iii)(B), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "the" in its place;

m. In paragraph (d)(2), removing "against the FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "against the Agency" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 mortgage" and adding
"Agency mortgage" in its place; and

n. In paragraph (e), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 loan" and adding "Agency loan" in its place and removing "for FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loans" and adding "for the Agency
loans" in its place.
§ 1806.3 [Amended]

46.Amend § 1806.3 by:

a. In paragraphs (a)(1), (b), and (c)(1)(v), removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Agency" in their
place;

b. In paragraph (c)(1)(vii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Agency" in their place; and

c. In paragraph (c)(1)(viii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Agency" in their place.
§ 1806.4 [Amended]

47.Amend § 1806.4 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(2)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in their place;

b. In paragraph (a)(4), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

c. In paragraph (b)(1), removing "upon demand to FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "upon demand to the Agency" in its place
and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

d. In paragraph (b)(2)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "the Agency" in their place.
§ 1806.5 [Amended]

48.Amend § 1806.5 by:

a. In paragraphs (a) introductory text and (i)(2)(ii), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(1), removing "the FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 " and adding "the Agency" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 was" and adding "the Agency was" in its place;

d. In paragraphs (a)(2), (b)(1), and (b)(2) introductory text, removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 " and adding "Agency" in its
place;

e. In paragraph (b)(2)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354's" and adding "the Agency's" in its place and removing "jointly to
the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "jointly
to the Agency" in its place;

f. In paragraph (c)(1)(iii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place;

g. In paragraphs (c)(1)(iv) and (e)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

h. In paragraph (g) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Agency" in its place;

i. In paragraphs (g)(2) and (h), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 " and adding "Agency" in its place; and

j. In paragraph (i)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 official" and adding "Agency official" in its place and removing
"whether FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"whether the Agency" in its place.
§ 1806.6 [Amended]

49.Amend § 1806.6 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "the Agency" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(1) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(1)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

d. In paragraph (a)(1)(iii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Agency" in their place;

e. In paragraph (a)(1)(v), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 account" and adding
"Agency account" in its place;

f. In paragraph (a)(1)(vii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

g. In paragraph (c)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 as mortgagee" and adding "Agency as mortgagee" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction" and adding
"RD Instruction" in its place; and

h. In paragraph (c)(3), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "from the FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "from the Agency" in
its place.
Subpart B--National Flood Insurance Back to Top
§ 1806.21 [Amended]

50.Amend § 1806.21(a) by removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development and
Farm Service Agency, herein referred to as the "Agency"," in its place.
§ 1806.22 [Amended]

51.Amend § 1806.22 by:

a. In the paragraph heading of paragraph (b), removing "Farmers Home
Administration or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "The
Agency" in its place; and

b. In the first sentence of paragraph (b), removing "the FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 National Office" and adding "the National
Office" in its place.
§ 1806.23 [Amended]

52.Amend § 1806.23(a) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place.
§ 1806.25 [Amended]

53.Amend § 1806.25 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "The Agency" in its place and

b. In paragraph (c)(4), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place.
PART 1810--INTEREST RATES, TERMS, CONDITIONS, AND APPROVAL AUTHORITY Back to Top

54.The authority citation for part 1810 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

7 U.S.C. 1989; 14 U.S.C. 1480; 7 CFR 2.23; 7 CFR 2.70.
Subpart A--Interest Rates, Amortization, Guarantee Fee, Annual Charge, and Fixed
Period Back to Top
§ 1810.1 [Amended]

55.Amend § 1810.1 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the Agency (Rural Business-Cooperative Service and Rural
Housing Service of the U.S. Department of Agriculture)" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (b), removing "Farmers Home Administration or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "U.S. Department of Agriculture" in
its place.
§ 1810.2 [Amended]

56.Amend § 1810.2(b) and (c) by removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "the Agency" in their place.
PART 1822--Rural Housing Loans and Grants Back to Top

57.The authority citation for part 1822 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

42 U.S.C. 1480; 5 U.S.C. 301; 7 CFR 2.23; 7 CFR 2.70.
Subpart G--Rural Housing Site Loan Policies, Procedures, and Authorizations Back
to Top
§ 1822.261 [Amended]

58.Amend § 1822.261 by removing "assistance to FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development (RD)" in its place and
removing "with an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
employee" and adding "with an RD employee" in its place.
§ 1822.264 [Amended]

59.Amend § 1822.264(b) by removing "The Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RHS" in its place.
§ 1822.265 [Amended]

60.Amend § 1822.265(a) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354".
§ 1822.266 [Amended]

61.Amend § 1822.266(e)(4) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1822.267 [Amended]

62.Amend § 1822.267 by:

a. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

b. In paragraph (d), removing "using a form entitled, "((Rural Housing Site)
Loan to Nonprofit Corporation)" available at all FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 offices";

c. In paragraph (e), removing ", and certain information in a guide entitled
"Planning and Developing Building Sites" available at all FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 offices";

d. In paragraph (h), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

e. In paragraph (i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

f. In paragraph (k)(2), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

g. In paragraph (l)(2) introductory text, removing "Form FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

h. In paragraph (l)(2)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

i. In paragraph (l)(4), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

j. In paragraph (l)(5), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "The government's" in its place.
§ 1822.268 [Amended]

63.Amend § 1822.268(a) by:

a. Removing "charged by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "charged by Rural Development" in its place;

b. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

c. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "RD office" in its place.
§ 1822.270 [Amended]

64.Amend § 1822.270(a) introductory text by removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 loan" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1822.271 [Amended]

65.Amend § 1822.271 by:

a. In paragraph (b)(3)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place and

b. In paragraph (e), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs in the column labeled "Form No." and adding "RD" in
its place.
§ 1822.274 [Amended]

66.Amend § 1822.274 by:

a. In paragraph (b) first sentence, removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 1927-1 (state), Real Estate Mortgage -for ___," will"
and adding "Form RD 3550-14, "Real Estate Mortgage or Deed of Trust for
(state)," will" in its place and in the first paragraph of the quoted material
in the third sentence by removing "basis for the FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "basis for Rural Development" in its place;
and

b. In paragraph (c)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1822.275 [Amended]

67.Amend § 1822.275(a) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1822.278 [Amended]

68.Amend § 1822.278(g) by:

a. In the first sentence, removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 1927-1 (state), Real Estate ___for___(Direct Loan)," will"
and adding "Form RD 3550-14, "Real Estate Mortgage or Deed of Trust for
(state)," will" in its place; and

b. In the first paragraph of the quoted material in the third sentence, removing
"basis for the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"basis for Rural Development" in its place.
PART 1900--GENERAL Back to Top

69.The authority citation for part 1900 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 7 U.S.C. 6991, et seq.; 42 U.S.C. 1480;
Reorganization Plan No. 2 of 1953 (5 U.S.C. App.).
§ 1900.1 [Amended]

70.Amend § 1900.1 by:

a. Removing "the Farmers Home Administration or its successor Agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

b. Adding "This subpart is inapplicable to Farm Service Agency, Farm Loan
Programs." at the end of the section.
§ 1900.2 [Amended]

71.Amend § 1900.2 introductory text and paragraph (g) by removing "the Farmers
Home Administration or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever
it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1900.3 [Amended]

72.Amend § 1900.3 by removing "the Farmers Home Administration or its successor
Agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural
Development" in its place.
§ 1900.5 [Amended]

73.Amend § 1900.5 by removing "the FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1900.6 [Amended]

74.Amend § 1900.6(a) and (b) by removing "Farmers Home Administration or its
successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place.
§ 1900.7 [Amended]

75.Amend § 1900.7 by removing "Administrator of the Farmers Home Administration
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Under Secretary
for Rural Development" in its place.
Subpart C--Applicability of Federal Law Back to Top
§ 1900.101 [Amended]

76.Amend § 1900.101 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "Agency" and adding "Rural Development" in
its place;

b. In paragraph (a), removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its
successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place; and

c. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1900.102 [Amended]

77.Amend § 1900.102 by removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law
103-354" and "Farmers Home Administration or its successor Agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever they occur and adding "Rural Development" in their place.
Subpart D--Processing and Servicing Rural Development Assistance to Employees,
Relatives, and Associates Back to Top

78.Revise the heading of Subpart D to read as set forth above.

79.Revise § 1900.151(a) introductory text and (b) to read as follows:
§ 1900.151 General.

(a) The Standards of Ethical Conduct for Employees of the Executive Branch
requires the maintenance of high standards of honesty, integrity, and
impartiality by employees. To reduce the potential for employee conflict of
interest, any processing, approval, servicing or review activity, including
access through automated information systems, is conducted only by authorized
Rural Development employees who:

* * * * *

(b) No provision of this subpart takes precedence over individual program
requirements or restrictions relating to eligibility for Rural Development
assistance to Rural Development employees, members of families of employees,
close relatives, or business or close personal associates of employees.

* * * * *
§ 1900.152 [Amended]

80.Amend § 1900.152 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"Rural Development" wherever it occurs in its place in the following
definitions:

i. `Applicant or borrower';

ii. `Assistance';

iii. `Employee'; and

iv. `Recipient'; and

b. Removing "an FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "a Rural Development" in its place in the definition of `Conflict of
Interest'.

81.Revise § 1900.153 to read as follows:
§ 1900.153 Identifying and reporting an employee relationship.

(a) Responsibility of applicant. When an application for assistance is filed,
the processing official asks if there is any known relationship or association
with a Rural Development employee. The applicant is required to disclose the
requested information under pertinent program regulations.

(b) Responsibility of the Rural Development employee. A Rural Development
employee who knows he or she is related to or associated with an applicant or
recipient, regardless of whether the relationship or association is known to
others, is required to notify the Rural Development official who is processing
or servicing the assistance, in writing. RD Guide Letter 1900-D-1 (available in
any RD office) may be used as the notice. If the appropriate official is not
known, the State Director should be notified. Regardless of whether the
relationship or association is defined in § 1900.152, if the employee believes
there may be a potential conflict of interest, the Rural Development official
who is processing or servicing the assistance may be notified and special
handling requested. An employee's request that the case receive special handling
is usually honored.

(c) Responsibility of the Rural Development official. When any relationship or
association is identified, the Rural Development official completes and submits
RD Guide Letter 1900-D-2 to the State Director (or Administrator, under
paragraph (e) of this section or § 1900.155(a)). When completed, RD Guide Letter
1900-D-3 is returned by the State Director, the processing official;

(d) Relationship or association established after application for Rural
Development assistance. If a relationship or association is established after an
application has been filed or assistance has been provided, both recipient and
employee are required to notify the Rural Development official as described in
paragraphs (a) and (b) of this section.

(e) Relationship or association with a State Office, Finance Office or National
Office employee. If an identified relationship or association is with an
employee at a State Office (other than a State Director), Finance Office or
National Office, the processing/servicing official completes and submits RD
Guide Letter 1900-D-2 to the State Director in the normal manner. The State
Director reviews the information, determines the need for special handling,
designates the processing/servicing official, completes and submits RD Guide
Letter 1900-D-3 to the Administrator for written concurrence. When the
Administrator's concurrence is received, the State Director returns completed RD
Guide Letter 1900-D-3 to the original official who completes the action
described in paragraph (c) of this section.

(f) Relationship or association with a State Director. If an identified
relationship or association is with a State Director, the processing/servicing
official completes and submits RD Guide Letter 1900-D-2 to the Administrator.
The Administrator reviews, determines the need for special handling, designates
the processing/servicing official, completes and returns RD Guide Letter
1900-D-3 to the original official who completes the action described in
paragraph (c) of this section.

(g) Change in relationship or association, status of Rural Development
assistance, or employee's duty station. If the relationship or association has
changed, the application denied or the assistance otherwise terminated, or Rural
Development employee's duty station changed, the designated processing/servicing
official completes RD Guide Letter 1900-D-2 with the new information and submits
it. The review process takes place as described in paragraphs (a) through (e) of
this section to determine if processing/servicing activity may return to normal
or requires another change. If the assistance is denied or otherwise terminated,
the designated official notifies the original official.
§ 1900.155 [Amended]

82.Amend § 1900.155(a) by removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1900.156 [Amended]

83.Amend § 1900.156(g) by removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
PART 1901--PROGRAM-RELATED INSTRUCTIONS Back to Top

84.The authority citation for part 1901 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 42 U.S.C. 1480.
Subpart K--Certificates of Beneficial Ownership and Insured Notes Back to Top
§ 1901.501 [Amended]

85.Amend § 1901.501 by removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its
successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place.

86.Revise § 1901.503(a)(2) through (a)(7), (a)(9), (a)(10), (a)(12), (a)(13),
(a)(15) through (a)(17), (a)(19), and (b)(1) through (b)(6) to read as follows:
§ 1901.503 Definitions.

(a) * * *

(2) Certificate. A certificate of beneficial ownership issued by Rural
Development under this subpart.

(3) Director, Finance Office. The Director or the Insured Loan Officer of the
Finance Office of Rural Development.

(4) Rural Development. The United States acting through the Rural Housing
Service, the Rural Utilities Service, or the Rural Business-Cooperative Service
or their successor agencies.

(5) Finance Office. The office which maintains the Rural Development finance
records. It is located at 1520 Market Street, St. Louis, Missouri 63103. (Phone:
314-425-4400)

(6) Fixed period. Any time interval (preceding an option period) during which
the insured holder is not entitled to require Rural Development to purchase the
insured note, as specified in the insurance agreement.

(7) Insurance agreement. The entire contract evidencing and setting forth the
terms and conditions of Rural Development insurance of the payment for the
insured note. The insurance agreement with respect to any particular loan may be
evidenced by Form RD 440-5, "Insurance Endorsement (Insured Loan)," RD 440-30,
"Insurance Endorsement (Insure Loans)," or any other form or forms prescribed by
the National Office and executed by an authorized official of Rural Development.
It may include such provisions as, for example, an agreement of Rural
Development to purchase or repurchase the loan, or to make supplementary
payments from the insurance fund.

* * * * *

(9) Insured holder. The current owner of an insured note other than Rural
Development, according to the records of Rural Development as insurer of the
note.

(10) Insured note. Any promissory note or bond evidencing an insured loan
regardless of whether it is held by Rural Development in the insurance fund, by
a private holder, or by Rural Development as trustee.

* * * * *

(12) National Office. The Administrator or other authorized officer of Rural
Development in Washington, DC.

(13) Option period. Any period during which the insured holder has the optional
right to require Rural Development to purchase the insured note, as specified in
the insurance agreement.

* * * * *

(15) Private buyer. A buyer of an insured note other than Rural Development.

(16) Private holder. An insured holder other than Rural Development.

(17) Repurchase agreement. A provision in the insurance agreement obligating
Rural Development to buy the insured note at the option of the holders.

* * * * *

(19) State Director. The State Director of Rural Development for the State in
which is located the real estate improved, purchased, or refinanced with the
loan evidenced by the insured note.

(b) * * *

(1) Reserve bank. The Federal Reserve Bank of New York (and any other Federal
Reserve Bank which agrees to issue securities in book-entry form) as fiscal
agent of the United States acting on behalf of Rural Development and, when
indicated, acting in its individual capacity.

(2) Rural Development security. A certificate representing beneficial ownership
of notes, bonds, debentures, or other similar obligations held by Rural
Development under the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act and title V of
the Housing Act of 1949, issued in the form of a definitive Rural Development
security or a book-entry Rural Development security.

(3) Definitive Rural Development security. A Rural Development security in
engraved on printed form.

(4) Book-entry Rural Development security. A Rural Development security in the
form of an entry made as prescribed in this subpart on the records of a Reserve
bank.

(5) Pledge. A pledge of, or any other security interest in, Rural Development
securities as collateral for loans or advances, or to secure deposits of public
moneys or the performance of an obligation.

(6) Date of call. The date fixed in the official notice of call published in the
Federal Register on which Rural Development will make payment of the security
before maturity in accordance with its terms.

* * * * *
§ 1901.504 [Amended]

87.Amend § 1901.504 by removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law
103-354 financing" and adding "Rural Development financing" in its place and by
removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354's fiscal agents"
and adding "Rural Development's fiscal agents" in its place.
§ 1901.505 [Amended]

88.Amend § 1901.505 section heading and paragraphs (a)(1), (a)(2), and (b) by
removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1901.506 [Amended]

89.Amend § 1901.506 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" each time it
appears and adding "Rural Development" in the following places:

i. The section heading;

ii. Paragraphs (a)(1), (a)(2), (a)(3);

iii. Paragraphs (b)(1) introductory text, (b)(2), (b)(3), (b)(4), (b)(5);

iv. Paragraphs (c)(1) introductory text, (c)(1)(i), (c)(1)(iv), (c)(2), (c)(3),
(c)(4), (c)(5);

v. Paragraphs (d) paragraph heading, (d)(1), (d)(2);

vi. Paragraph (e) paragraph heading and text;

vii. Paragraph (f)(1);

viii. Paragraph (g) paragraph heading and text;

ix. Paragraph (h)(1); and

b. In paragraph (f)(2), removing "the Farmers Homes Administration or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and "Farmers Homes Administration or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in
their place.

90.Amend § 1901.507 by:

a. Revising the section heading to read as set forth below;

b. In paragraphs (b)(1) and (b)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (c)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

d. In paragraph (d)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

e. Removing in paragraph (d)(2) "Farmers Home Administration or its successor
Agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

f. In paragraph (d)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

g. Revising paragraph (e) to read as follows:
§ 1901.507 Certificates of beneficial ownership by the Rural Development Finance
Office.

* * * * *

(e) Assignments. Assignments of certificates should be executed by the owner or
the owner's authorized representative in the presence of an officer authorized
to certify assignments. Registered certificates may be assigned to a specified
transferee or to Rural Development for redemption or for exchange for other
certificates offered at maturity. Assignments to "United States, Rural
Development," "Farmers Home Administration for Transfer," or "Rural Development
for Exchange" will not be accepted unless supplemented by specific instructions
by or in behalf of the owner. If an alteration or erasure has been made in an
assignment, a new assignment from the assignor should be obtained. Otherwise, an
affidavit or explanation by the person responsible for the alteration or erasure
should be submitted for consideration.

* * * * *
§ 1901.508 [Amended]

91.Amend § 1901.508 by:

a. In the introductory text and in paragraphs (a)(1) through (a)(4), removing
"FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and
adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b)(1)(i), removing "Form FmHA or its successor Agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

c. In paragraph (b)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law
103-354 is requested" and adding "Rural Development is requested" in its place
and removing "Form FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

d. In paragraph (b)(3), removing "Form FmHA or its successor Agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "made to FmHA or its
successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "made to Rural
Development" in its place;

e. In paragraph (b)(4):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "records of FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "records of Rural Development" in its place; and

iii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

f. In paragraph (b)(5):

i. Removing "by FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever
it occurs and adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "However, FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "However, Rural Development" in its place; and

g. In the heading to paragraph (c) and in paragraphs (c)(1) introductory text,
(c)(2), and (d), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1901.509 [Amended]

92.Amend § 1901.509 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law
103-354's" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (b) introductory text, (b)(1) introductory text, and
(b)(1)(iii), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (b)(5):

i. Removing "and FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "and Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "to FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "to Rural Development" in its place; and

iii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place; and

d. In paragraph (b)(6), removing "the Farmers Home Administration or its
successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place; and

e. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
PART 1902--SUPERVISED BANK ACCOUNTS Back to Top

93.The authority citation for part 1902 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 7 U.S.C. 6991, et seq.; 42 U.S.C. 1480;
Reorganization Plan No. 2 of 1953 (5 U.S.C. App.).
Subpart A--Supervised Bank Accounts of Loan, Grant, and Other Funds Back to Top
§ 1902.1 [Amended]

94.Amend § 1902.1 introductory text by adding at the end of the section "This
subpart is inapplicable to Farm Service Agency, Farm Loan Programs."
§ 1902.4 [Amended]

95.Amend § 1902.4 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "government" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (b)(2):

i. Removing "the FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "Rural Development will" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1902.9 [Amended]

96.Amend § 1902.9 in the heading of paragraph (a) by removing "FmHA or its
successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place.
§ 1902.10 [Amended]

97.Amend § 1902.10 by:

a. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (c), removing "Form FmHA or its successor Agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1902.15 [Amended]

98.Amend § 1902.15 by:

a. In the introductory text:

i. Removing "When FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "When Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354's" and
adding "Rural Development's" in its place.

b. In paragraphs (a) and (c)(1)(i) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its
successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place;

c. In paragraph(c)(1)(i)(B), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public
Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in their place;

d. In paragraph (c)(1)(i)(C), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its
place;

e. In paragraph (c)(1)(ii):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354 indebtedness"
and adding "Rural Development indebtedness" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354 borrower"
and adding "Rural Development borrower" in its place; and

iii. Removing "the FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

f. In paragraphs (c)(1)(iii) and (c)(2)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor
Agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1902.16 [Amended]

99.Amend § 1902.16 by:

a. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354s" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (d) by removing "of FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354's" and adding "due to Rural Development" in its place.
PART 1910--GENERAL Back to Top

100.The authority citation for part 1910 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 42 U.S.C. 1480.
Subpart B--Credit Reports Back to Top

100.Section 1910.51 is revised to read as follows:
§ 1910.51 Purpose.

This subpart prescribes the policies and procedures of Rural Development for
individual and joint type credit reports. Credit reports will be ordered to
determine the eligibility of applicants requesting Rural Development loans. A
nonrefundable fee will be charged the applicant. This subpart is inapplicable to
Farm Service Agency, Farm Loan Programs.
Subpart C--Commercial Credit Reports Back to Top

101.Revise the first sentence of § 1910.101 to read as follows:
§ 1910.101 Preface.

This subpart (§§ 1910.101 through 1910.150) describes the procedure to be used
by Rural Development in obtaining commercial credit reports. * * *
PART 1924--CONSTRUCTION AND REPAIR Back to Top

102.The authority citation for part 1924 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 42 U.S.C. 1480.
Subpart A--Planning and Performing Construction and Other Development Back to
Top
§ 1924.1 [Amended]

103.Amend § 1924.1 by removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place.
§§ 1924.3, 1924.4, 1924.5, 1924.6, 1924.8, 1924.9, 1924.10, and 1924.13
[Amended]

102.Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and add "Agency" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1924.3;

b. Section 1924.4(d), (f), and (p);

c. Section 1924.5(d)(1) introductory text wherever it occurs, (d)(1)(iv),
(d)(1)(v), (f)(1)(i), (f)(1)(iii)(C)(4), (f)(2)(iii), (f)(2)(xii) wherever it
occurs, (g)(3), and (i)(4);

d. Section 1924.6(a)(6), (a)(8), (a)(10)(ii) wherever it occurs, and
(a)(11)(iv);

e. Section 1924.8(e);

f. Section 1924.9(b)(7);

g. Section 1924.10(c)(1) wherever it occurs; and

h. Section 1924.13(a) introductory text, (a)(1), (a)(3), (a)(5)(i)(B) wherever
it occurs, (a)(5)(ii)(C), (a)(5)(vi), (b)(2)(v), (e)(1) introductory text
wherever it occurs, (e)(1)(iii)(B)(2), (e)(2)(i)(B), (e)(2)(ii)(A), and
(e)(2)(vii).
§§ 1924.5, 1924.6, 1924.9, 1924.10, 1924.11, 1924.12, and 1924.13 [Amended]

103.Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and add "RD" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1924.5(b) wherever it occurs, (f)(1)(iii)(F), (f)(2)(i), (g)(1)
introductory text, and (g)(2);

b. Section 1924.6(a)(10)(iv) wherever it occurs, (a)(11)(iii), (a)(12)(ii),
(a)(12)(iii) wherever it occurs, (a)(12)(v)(A), (a)(12)(vi)(C)(2)(i),
(a)(12)(vi)(C)(2)(ii), (b)(3)(i) wherever it occurs, (b)(3)(ii)(C), and
(b)(3)(ii)(G);

c. Section 1924.9(c) wherever it occurs;

d. Section 1924.10(a)(4), (c)(2)(i), and (c)(2)(ii);

e. Section 1924.11(c);

f. Section 1924.12(a), (d)(1), and (d)(2); and

g. Section 1924.13(e)(1)(ii) introductory text wherever it occurs and (e)(2)(x).

§§ 1924.4, 1924.5, 1924.6, 1924.9, and 1924.13 [Amended]

104.Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and add "the Agency" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1924.4(h)(1), (h)(8), and (n);

b. Section 1924.5(d)(1)(i)(E)(1), (f)(1)(ii), (f)(1)(iii)(C), (f)(2)
introductory text, (f)(2)(vii), and (f)(2)(viii);

c. Section 1924.6(a)(2)(vi), (a)(3)(iii)(B), (a)(3)(iv)(D), (a)(3)(iv)(F),
(a)(11)(iv) wherever it occurs, (a)(12)(v)(C) wherever it occurs,
(a)(12)(vi)(C)(1)(ii), and (b)(3)(ii)(F);

d. Section 1924.9(d) and (e); and

e. Section 1924.13(a)(5)(i)(F), (a)(5)(iii)(C), (b)(2) wherever it occurs,
(e)(1)(i)(D), (e)(1)(i)(E), (e)(1)(iii)(B)(3), (e)(1)(vi)(A) wherever it occurs,
(e)(1)(vii)(A)(4), (e)(1)(vii)(B)(3), (e)(2)(i)(D), (e)(2)(ii)(C),
(e)(2)(iii)(C), (e)(2)(ix)(A) wherever it occurs, and (e)(2)(ix)(B).
§ 1924.5 [Amended]

105.Amend § 1924.5 by:

a. In paragraph (d)(1)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (f) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354's" and adding "the Agency's" in its place;

c. In paragraph (f)(1)(iii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "The Agency" in its place;

d. In paragraph (f)(2)(iii):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 for" and
adding "Agency for" in its place;

ii. Removing "that FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will"
and adding "the Agency will" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

e. In paragraph (h) introductory text:

i. Removing "of FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "of the Agency" in its place; and

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 forms" and
adding "RD forms" in its place; and

f. in paragraph (i)(5), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "The Agency" in its place.
§ 1924.6 [Amended]

106.Amend § 1924.6 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(1), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "(including FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354)" and adding "(including the
Agency)" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(3)(ii), removing "(including FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354)" and adding "(including the Agency)" in its place and
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will be" and
adding "The Agency will be" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(3)(iii)(A):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 prior" and
adding "the Agency prior" in its place;

ii. Removing "the owner and FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the owner and the Agency" in its place;

iii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by the Agency" in its place; and

iv. Removing "all FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "all Agency" in its place.

d. In paragraph (a)(11)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 employee" and adding "Agency employee" in its place and removing
"Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form
RD" in its place;

e. In paragraph (a)(12)(v)(B), removing "provide FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "provide the Agency" in its place and
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 official"
wherever it occurs and adding "Agency official" in its place;

f. In paragraph (a)(12)(vi)(B):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loan" and
adding "Agency loan" in its place;

ii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever
it occurs and adding "by the Agency" in its place;

iii. Removing "of FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "of the Agency" in its place; and

iv. Removing "the owner and FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the owner and the Agency" in its place; and

g. In paragraph (a)(12)(vi)(C) introductory text:

i. Removing "the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loan" and
adding "Agency loan" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "the Agency will" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1924.9 [Amended]

107.Amend § 1924.9 by:

a. In paragraph (a):

i. Removing "Rural Development office" and adding "Agency office" in its place;

ii. Removing "RHS or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 inpections"
wherever it occurs and adding "Agency inspections" in its place; and

iii. Removing "RHS or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 has" and
adding "the Agency has" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (b)(2), removing "the FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place.
§ 1924.10 [Amended]

108.Amend § 1924.10(a)(3) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354's security" and adding "the Agency's security" in its place and
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 security" and
adding "Agency security" in its place.
§ 1924.12 [Amended]

109.Amend § 1924.12 by:

a. In paragraph (b):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "the owner and FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the owner and the Agency" in its place; and

iii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by the Agency" in its place;

b. In paragraph (c), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Agency office" in
its place; and

c. In paragraph (d)(4), removing "notifies FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "notifies the Agency" in its place and removing
"Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form
RD" in its place.
§ 1924.13 [Amended]

110.Amend § 1924.13 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(4)(iii), removing "The Farmers Home Administration or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "The Agency" in its place
and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Approval
Official" and adding "Agency Approval Official" in its place;

b. In paragraph (e)(1)(ii)(F):

i. Removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever
it occurs and adding "to the Agency" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
regulations" and adding "Agency regulations" in its place;

c. In paragraph (e)(1)(ii)(G), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 offices" and adding "Agency offices" in its place, and
removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever
it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

d. In paragraph (e)(1)(ii)(H), removing "The Farmers Home Administration or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "The Agency" in its place
and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Official"
and adding "Agency Official" in its place;

e. In paragraph (e)(1)(iv):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 with" and
adding "the Agency with" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 offices"
and adding "Agency offices" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 personnel"
and adding "Agency personnel" in its place;

f. In paragraph (e)(1)(v) introductory text:

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office"
wherever it occurs and adding "Agency office" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "the Agency will" in its place;

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 contractor"
and adding "Agency contractor" in its place;

v. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 contracts"
and adding "Agency contracts" in its place; and

vi. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 personnel"
and adding "Agency personnel" in its place;

g. In paragraph (e)(1)(v)(A), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "to FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "to the Agency" in its
place;

h. In paragraph (e)(1)(v)(B):

i. Removing "the owner and FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the owner and the Agency" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

iii. Removing "prior to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "prior to the Agency" in its place; and

iv. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by the Agency" in its place;

i. In paragraph (e)(1)(v)(C):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by the Agency" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Agency office" in its place;

j. In paragraph (e)(1)(v)(D), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 regulations" and adding "Agency
regulations" in its place;

k. In paragraph (e)(1)(v)(E):

i. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by the Agency" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 reserves"
and adding "The Agency reserves" in its place;

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

iv. Removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever
it occurs and adding "to the Agency" in its place;

l. In paragraph (e)(1)(v)(G):

i. Removing "Forms FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Forms RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 1944-31" and
adding "RD 1944-31" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office"
wherever it occurs and adding "Agency office" in its place;

m. In paragraph (e)(1)(v)(I):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Agency office" in its place;

n. In paragraph (e)(1)(vi) introductory text, removing "Form FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form
RD" in its place and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 as shown" and adding "the Agency as shown" in its place;

o. In paragraph (e)(2)(i)(G), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "by FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "by the Agency" in its
place;

p. In paragraph (e)(2)(i)(H), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "to FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "to the Agency" in its
place;

q. In paragraph (e)(2)(viii) introductory text:

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Agency office" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 contractor"
and adding "Agency contractor" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 contracts"
and adding "Agency contracts" in its place;

r. In paragraph (e)(2)(viii)(A):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 regulations"
and adding "Agency regulations" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 reserves"
and adding "The Agency reserves" in its place;

iv. Removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "to the Agency" in its place;

v. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Agency office" in its place; and

vi. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by the Agency" in its place;

s. In paragraph (e)(2)(viii)(B):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 must" and
adding "the Agency must" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by the Agency" in its place;

t. In paragraph (e)(2)(viii)(D):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Agency office" in its place; and

u. In paragraph (e)(2)(ix):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 District" and
adding "Agency District" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

iii. Removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "to the Agency" in its place;

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
Representative" and adding "Agency Representative" in its place; and

v. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 does not" and
adding "the Agency does not" in its place.
Exhibit B to Subpart A [Amended] Back to Top

111.Amend Exhibit B to Subpart A of Part 1924 by:

a. In the introductory text:

i. Removing "of FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "of the Agency" in its place;

ii. Removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place; and

iii. Removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "an Agency" in its place;

b. In paragraph I.B, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

c. In paragraph III.B:

i. Removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "an Agency" in its place;

ii. Removing "local FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "local Agency" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

d. In paragraph IV, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place;

e. In paragraph V introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

f. In paragraph V.D introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place;

g. In paragraph V.E, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

h. In paragraph V.H, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

i. In paragraph V.J, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

j. In paragraph VI.A introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

k. In paragraph VI.A.3, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

l. In paragraph VII.C introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

m. In paragraph IX, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 will" and adding "The Agency will" in its place and removing "of the
FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "of the
Agency" in its place;

n. In paragraph X.B, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

o. In paragraph X.C, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

p. In Attachment 1 to Exhibit B by:

i. In the introductory text, removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place and
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"Agency" in its place;

ii. In paragraph A.10, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

iii. In paragraph B.4(c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "U.S. Department of Agriculture," in its place;

q. In Attachment 2 to Exhibit B by:

i. In the second introductory paragraph, removing "Farmers Home Administration
(FmHA) or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in
its place;

ii. In paragraph 2, removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "by the Agency" in its place;

iii. In paragraph 3, removing "local FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "local Agency" in its place;

iv. In paragraph 3, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

v. In paragraph 3, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Thermal" and adding "Agency Thermal" in its place;

vi. In paragraph 6 and the second undesginated concluding paragraph, removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 personnel" and adding "RD
personnel" in its place;

vii. In paragraph 6, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 State" and adding "Agency State" in its place; and

viii. In paragraph 6, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 inspection" and adding "RD inspection" in its place; and

r. In Attachment 5 to Exhibit B by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Agency" in its place.
Exhibit C to Subpart A [Amended] Back to Top

112.Amend Exhibit C to Subpart A of Part 1924 by:

a. In paragraphs II.A introductory text and V.B introductory text, removing "any
FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and
adding "any Agency" in its place;

b. In paragraphs IV introductory text and IV.A introductory text, removing "Form
FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

c. In paragraph IV.A.1, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 form" and adding "RD form" in its place.
Exhibit D to Subpart A [Amended] Back to Top

113.Amend Exhibit D to Subpart A of Part 1924 by removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Agency" in its
place in the following places:

a. Paragraph IV.A;

b. Paragraph IV.C.1.a;

c. Paragraph IV.C.1.b;

d. Paragraph IV.C.2.b; and

e. Paragraph V.A.
Exhibit H to Subpart A [Amended] Back to Top

114.Amend Exhibit H to Subpart A of Part 1924 by:

a. In paragraph II, removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

b. In paragraph IV.B, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 requires" and adding "the Agency requires" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 County" and adding
"Agency County" in its place;

c. In paragraph IV.C, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 requires" and adding "the Agency requires" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 County" and adding
"Agency County" in its place;

d. In paragraph IV.D, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Agency" in its place; and

e. In paragraph IV.E, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place.
Exhibit I to Subpart A [Amended] Back to Top

115.Amend Exhibit I to Subpart A of Part 1924 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "the Agency" in its place in the following places:

i. Paragraph 300-3; and

ii. Paragraph 302-2.5; and

b. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Agency" in its place in the following places:

i. Paragraph 302-2.3;

ii Paragraph 303-1.
Exhibit J to Subpart A [Amended] Back to Top

116.Amend Exhibit J to Subpart A of Part 1924, Part A by:

a. In Section I:

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 field" and
adding "Agency field" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 housing" and
adding "Agency housing" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 may" and
adding "The Agency may" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "The Agency will" in its place;

b. In Section II introductory text by:

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 has" and
adding "The Agency has" in its place;

ii. Removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "to the Agency" in its place; and

iii. Removing "of FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "of Agency" in its place;

c. In Section II.B:

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 field" and
adding "Agency field" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loan" and
adding "Agency loan" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354/MPS" and
adding "Agency/MPS" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 in that" and
adding "the Agency in that" in its place;

d. In Section III:

i. In the definition of `Manufactured Home" removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354's" and adding "the Agency's" in its place; and

ii. In the definition of `Permanent Perimeter Enclosure' removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 adopted" and adding "Agency adopted"
in its place;

e. In Section IV, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place;

f. In Section V:

i. In the introductory text, removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "by the Agency" in its place;

ii. In Section V.2, removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "by the Agency" in its place and removing "to FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "to the Agency" in its
place; and

iii. In Section V.2.B introductory text, removing "by FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "by the Agency" in its place and
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 regulations" and
adding "Agency regulations" in its place;
Exhibit J to Subpart A [Amended] Back to Top

117.Amend Exhibit J to Subpart A of Part 1924, Part B by:

a. In Section I.C removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "the Agency's" in its place;

b. In Section I.I, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

c. In Section II.A introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354/MPS" and adding "Agency/MPS" in its place and removing
"to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "to the
Agency" in its place;

d. In Section II.A.1, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354/MPS" and adding "Agency/MPS" in its place and removing "to FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "to the Agency" in its
place;

e. In Section II.A.2, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

f. In Section II.A.4, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

g. In Section II.A.6, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 adopted" and adding "Agency adopted" in its place and removing "to FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "to the Agency" in
its place;

h. In Section II.A.8, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "the Agency's" in its place;

i. In Section II.C.1, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354/MPS" wherever it occurs and adding "Agency/MPS" in its place;

j. In Section II.C.2, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354/MPS" and adding "Agency/MPS" in its place;

k. In Section III.A, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354/MPS" and adding "Agency/MPS" in its place;

l. In Section III.C, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

m. In Section IV.A.1, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354/MPS" and adding "Agency/MPS" in its place; and

n. In Section IV.C.2, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354/MPS" and adding "Agency/MPS" in its place and removing "by FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "by the Agency" in its
place;
Exhibit J to Subpart A [Amended] Back to Top

118.Amend Exhibit J to Subpart A of Part 1924, Part C by:

a. In Section I introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place;

b. In Section I.B, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Agency" in its place;

c. In Section I.C:

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 County" and
adding "Agency County" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354/MPS" and
adding "Agency/MPS" in its place; and

iii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by the Agency" in its place; and

d. In Section V.A, removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place.
Exhibit J to Subpart A [Amended] Back to Top

119.Amend Exhibit J to Subpart A of Part 1924, Part D, Inspection of Development
Works, Section II.D by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "the Agency's" in its place.
Exhibit K to Subpart A [Amended] Back to Top

120.Amend Exhibit K to Subpart A of Part 1924 by:

a. In Section I, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place;

b. In Section II, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" wherever it occurs and adding "the Agency's" in its place and
removing "between FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "between the Agency" in its place; and

c. In Section III, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place.
Exhibit L to Subpart A [Amended] Back to Top

121.Amend Exhibit L to Subpart A of Part 1924 by:

a. In Section I introductory text, removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA)
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its
place;

b. In Section I.A, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place;

c. In Section I.B, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place;

d. In Section I.C, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place;

e. In Section II.B, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "the Agency" in its place;

f. In Section III.E, removing "if FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "if the Agency" in its place and removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 inspections" wherever it occurs and
adding "Agency inspections" in its place;

g. In Section IV.A(6), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

h. In Section IV.B(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

i. In Section IV.B(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place; and

j. In Attachment 1, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place.
Subpart C--Planning and Performing Site Development Work Back to Top
§§ 1924.103 and 1924.119 [Amended]

122.Amend §§ 1924.103 and 1924.119 by removing "FmHA" and adding "RD" in its
place and by removing "(available in any RHS field office)" wherever it occurs.
Subpart F--Complaints and Compensation for Construction Defects Back to Top
§ 1924.251 [Amended]

123.Amend § 1924.251 by removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place.
§§ 1924.252, 1924.253, 1924.258, 1924.260, 1924.261, 1924.262, 1924.265,
1924.266, 1924.274, and 1924.276 [Amended]

124.Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and add "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1924.252;

b. Section 1924.253;

c. Section 1924.258;

d. Section 1924.260;

e. Section 1924.261;

f. Section 1924.262;

g. Section 1924.265;

h. Section 1924.266;

i. Section 1924.274; and

j. Section 1924.276.
§ 1924.259 [Amended]

125.Amend § 1924.259 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "a format specified by FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 (available in any FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 office)" and adding "a Rural Development approved
format" in its place and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 will" and adding "Rural Development will" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 using a format specified by FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 (available in any FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 office)" and adding "Rural Development using a Rural Development
approved format" in its place;

c. In paragraphs (c), (d), and (e) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural
Development" in its place;

d. In paragraph (e)(2) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354's findings" and adding "the findings" in its place; and

e. In paragraphs (e)(2)(i), (e)(2)(ii), (e)(3), and (e)(4), removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding
"Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1924.271 [Amended]

126.Amend § 1924.271 by removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "to Rural Development" in its place and by removing
"(available in any FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
office)".
§ 1924.273 [Amended]

127.Amend § 1924.273 by removing "(available in any FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 office)".
PART 1925--TAXES Back to Top

128.The authority citation for part 1925 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 42 U.S.C. 1480.
Subpart C--Planning and Performing Site Development Work Back to Top
§ 1925.2 [Amended]

129.Amend § 1925.2 by removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place.
§ 1925.3 [Amended]

130.Amend § 1925.3(c) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1925.4 [Amended]

131.Amend § 1925.4 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Agency" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
PART 1927--TITLE CLEARANCE AND LOAN CLOSING Back to Top

132.The authority citation for part 1927 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 42 U.S.C. 1480.
Subpart B--Real Estate Title Clearance and Loan Closing Back to Top
§ 1927.52 [Amended]

133.Amend § 1927.52 by removing the definition of "FSA" and revising the
definitions of "Agency", "National Office", "RHS", and "State Office" to read as
follows:
§ 1927.52 Definitions.

Agency. The Rural Housing Service (RHS) or its successor agency.

* * * * *

National Office. The National Headquarters Office of RHS.

* * * * *

RHS. The Rural Housing Service, an agency of the United States Department of
Agriculture, or its successor agency.

* * * * *

State Office. This term refers to the Rural Development State Director.

* * * * *
PART 1940--GENERAL Back to Top

134.The authority citation for part 1940 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; and 42 U.S.C. 1480.
Subpart I--Truth in Lending-Real Estate Settlement Procedures Back to Top
§ 1940.401 [Amended]

135.Amend § 1940.401 by:

a. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (d)(4)(iii), removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 to the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
County Office" and adding "by Rural Development to the Rural Development County
Office" in its place.
§ 1940.406 [Amended]

136.Amend § 1940.406 by removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place.
Subpart L--Methodology and Formulas for Allocation of Loan and Grant Program
Funds Back to Top
§ 1940.551 [Amended]

137.Amend § 1940.551 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "Administrator of the Farmers Home Administration
(FmHA) or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"Administrator for the Rural Business-Cooperative Service or the Administrator
for the Rural Housing Service, as applicable," in its place; and

b. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§§ 1940.552, 1940.557, 1940.578, and 1940.585 [Amended]

138.Amend §§ 1940.552(e), 1940.577(b)(2), 1940.578(k), and 1940.585(g) by
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place.

139.Revise § 1940.560(b)(3) to read as follows:
§ 1940.560 Guaranteed Rural Rental Housing Program.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(3) State's percentage of National average cost per unit. The data source for
the criterion specified in paragraph (b)(1) of this section is the most recent
decennial Census of the United States (decennial Census). The data source for
the criterion specified in paragraph (b)(2) of this section is 5-year income
data from the American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other Census Bureau
data. The data source for the criterion specified in paragraph (b)(3) of this
section is the cost per unit data using the applicable maximum per unit dollar
amount limitations under section 207(c) of the National Housing Act, which can
be obtained from the Department of Housing and Urban Development. The percentage
representing each criterion is multiplied by the weight assigned and totaled to
arrive at a State factor.

State Factor = (criterion No. 1 × weight of 40%) + (criterion No. 1 × weight of
40%) + (criterion No. 1 × weight of 20%)

* * * * *

140.In § 1940.563, revise paragraph (b)(4) and add paragraph (b)(5) to read as
follows:
§ 1940.563 Section 502 non-subsidized guaranteed Rural Housing (RH) loans.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(4) State's percentage of the national number of rural renter households paying
more than 35 percent of income for rent. The data source for each criterion is
specified in paragraph (b)(5) of this section. Each criterion is assigned a
specific weight according to its relevance in determining need. The percentage
representing each criterion is multiplied by the weight factor and summed to
arrive at a basic State factor (SF) as follows:

SF = (criterion 1 × weight of 30%) + (criterion 2 × weight of 10%) + (criterion
3 × weight of 30%) + (criterion 4 × weight of 30%)

(5) The data source for the criteria specified in paragraphs (b)(1) and (b)(2)
of this section is the most recent decennial Census. The data source for the
criteria specified in paragraph (b)(3) and (b)(4) of this section is 5-year
income data from the American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other Census
Bureau data.

* * * * *

141.In § 1940.564, revise paragraph (b)(4) and add paragraph (b)(5) to read as
follows:
§ 1940.564 Section 502 subsidized guaranteed Rural Housing loans.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(4) State's percentage of the national number of rural renter households paying
more than 35 percent of income for rent. The data source for each criterion is
specified in paragraph (b)(5) of this section. Each criterion is assigned a
specific weight according to its relevance in determining need. The percentage
representing each criterion is multiplied by the weight factor and summed to
arrive at a basic State factor (SF) as follows:

SF = (criterion 1 × weight of 30%) + (criterion 2 × weight of 10%) + (criterion
3 × weight of 30%) + (criterion 4 × weight of 30%)

(5) The data source for the criteria specified in paragraphs (b)(1), (b)(2), and
(b)(4) of this section is the most recent decennial Census. The data source for
the criterion specified in paragraph (b)(3) of this section is 5-year income
data from the American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other Census Bureau
data.

* * * * *

142.Revise § 1940.566(b)(2) to read as follows:
§ 1940.566 Section 504 Housing Repair loans.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(2) State's percentage of the National number of rural households below 50
percent of area median income. The data source for the first criterion is the
most recent decennial Census data. The data source for the second criterion is
5-year income data from the American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other
Census Bureau data. Each criterion is assigned a specific weight according to
its relevance in determining need. The percentage representing each criterion is
multiplied by the weight factor and summed to arrive at a basic State factor
(SF).

SF = (criterion No. 1 × weight of 50%) + (criterion No. 2 × weight of 50%)

* * * * *

143.Revise § 1940.567(b)(3) to read as follows:
§ 1940.567 Section 504 Housing Repair grants.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(3) State's percentage of the National number of rural households below 50
percent of area median income. The data source for the first two of these
criteria is the most recent decennial Census data. The data source for the third
criterion is the 5-year data from the American Community Survey (ACS) or, if
needed, other Census Bureau data. Each criterion is assigned a specific weight
according to its relevance in determining need. The percentage representing each
criterion is multiplied by the weight factor and summed to arrive at a basic
State factor (SF).

SF = (criterion No. 1 × weight of 33 1/3%) + (criterion No. 2 × weight of 33
1/3%) + (criterion No. 3 × weight of 33 1/3%)

* * * * *

144.Revise § 1940.575(b)(3) to read as follows:
§ 1940.575 Section 515 Rural Rental Housing (RRH) loans.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(3) State's percentage of National rural families with incomes below the poverty
level. The data source for the first two of these criterion is the most recent
decennial Census data. The data source for the third criterion is the 5-year
data from the American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other Census Bureau
data. Each criterion is assigned a specific weight according to its relevance in
determining need. The percentage representing each criterion is multiplied by
the weight assigned and summed to arrive at a State factor (SF).

SF = (criterion No. 1 × weight of 33 1/3%) + (criterion No. 2 × weight of 33
1/3%) + (criterion No. 3 × weight of 33 1/3%)

* * * * *

145.Revise § 1940.585(b)(2) to read as follows:
§ 1940.585 Community Facility loans.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(2) The data source for the first criterion is the most recent decennial Census
data. The data source for the second criterion is the 5-year data from the
American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other Census Bureau data. The
data source for the third criterion is the most recent Bureau of Labor
Statistics data. Each criterion is assigned a specific weight according to its
relevance in determining need. The percentage representing each criterion is
multiplied by the weight factor and summed to arrive at a State factor (SF). The
SF cannot exceed 0.05.

SF = (criterion (b)(1)(i) × 50 percent) + (criterion (b)(1)(ii) × 25 percent) +
(criterion (b)(1)(iii) × 25 percent)

* * * * *

146.Amend § 1940.591 by:

a. Revising paragraph (b)(2); and

b. In paragraph (g), removing "(available in any FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 office)."

The revision reads as follows:
§ 1940.591 Community Program Guaranteed loans.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(2) The data source for the first criterion is the most recent decennial Census
data. The data source for the second criterion is the 5-year data from the
American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other Census Bureau data. The
data source for the third criterion is the most recent Bureau of Labor
Statistics data. Each criterion is assigned a specific weight according to its
relevance in determining need. The percentage representing each criterion is
multiplied by the weight factor and summed to arrive at a State factor (SF). The
SF cannot exceed 0.05.

SF = (criterion (b)(1)(i) × 50 percent) + (criterion (b)(1)(ii) × 25 percent) +
(criterion (b)(1)(iii) × 25 percent)

* * * * *

147.Revise § 1940.592(b)(2) to read as follows:
§ 1940.592 Community facilities grants.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(2) The data source for the first criterion is the most recent decennial Census
data. The data source for the second criterion is the 5-year data from the
American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other Census Bureau data. Each
criterion is assigned a specific weight according to its relevance in
determining need. The percentage representing each criterion is multiplied by
the weight factor and summed to arrive at a State factor (SF).

SF (criterion (b)(1)(i) × 50 percent) + (criterion (b)(1)(ii) × 50 percent)

* * * * *
Subpart T--System for Delivery of Certain Rural Development Programs Back to Top

§ 1940.951 [Amended]

148.Amend § 1940.951 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place; and

b. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1940.953 [Amended]

149.Amend § 1940.953 by:

a. In the definition of `Administrator', removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Business--Cooperative Service, Rural
Housing Service, or Rural Utilities Service" in its place; and

b. In the defintion of `State Director', removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§§ 1940.956, 1940.957, 1940.960, and 1940.969 [Amended]

150.Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and add "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1940.956;

b. Section 1940.957(d);

c. Section 1940.960(a); and

d. Section 1940.969.
§ 1940.961 [Amended]

151.Amend § 1940.961 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(1), removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction"
in its place and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
State" and adding "RD State" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

c. In paragraph (d)(1), removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction"
in its place.
§ 1940.965 [Amended]

152.Amend § 1940.965 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1940.968 [Amended]

153.Amend § 1940.968 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (c) and (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (h)(4), removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction"
in its place and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
office" and adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

d. In paragraph (i)(2)(vii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

e. In paragraph (i)(3)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

f. In paragraph (i)(3)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

g. In paragraph (i)(3)(iii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

h. In paragraph (i)(3)(iv), removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD
Instruction" in its place and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

i. In paragraph (j)(2):

i. Removing "Exhibit A (available from any FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354RD State Office), shall be attached to and become a permanent
part of Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 1940-A and
the following paragraphs will appear in the comment section of that form:" and
adding "Exhibit A of this subpart (available from any Rural Development State
Office) shall be attached to and become a permanent part of Form RD 1940-1 and
the following paragraphs will appear in the comment section of that form:" in
its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 7 CFR part
1940" and adding "7 CFR part 1940" in its place; and

iii. Removing "approved by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "approved by Rural Development" in its place;

j. In paragraph (j)(4), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will retain" and adding
"Rural Development will retain" in its place;

k. In paragraph (j)(6), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

l. In paragraphs (j)(7) and (l), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
PART 1942--ASSOCIATIONS Back to Top

154.The authority citation for part 1942 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989.
Subpart A--Community Facility Loan Back to Top
§ 1942.1 [Amended]

155.Amend § 1942.1 by:

a. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Agency's" in its place;

b. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

c. In pragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Agency" in its place.
§ 1942.2 [Amended]

156.Amend § 1942.2:

a. In paragraph (a)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD's" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(2)(iv), removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "by RD" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 funding" and adding "Agency funding" in its place and removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will issue" and adding "the Agency
will issue" in its place;

d. In paragraph (a)(4), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in their place;

e. In paragraph (c)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place; and

f. In paragraphs (d) and (e), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its
place.
§ 1942.3 [Amended]

157.Amend § 1942.3 by:

a. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

b. Removing "422-10" and adding "442-10" in its place; and

c. Removing "by the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by the RD" in its place.
§ 1942.5 [Amended]

158.Amend § 1942.5 by:

a. In paragraph (a) introductory text, removing "Ordinarily FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "The Rural Development" in
its place and removing "by the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "by the Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(1)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place and removing
"(Public Resolution)" and adding "(Public Bodies)" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(1)(ii):

i. Removing "approved by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
by written" and adding "approved by written" in its place;

ii. Removing "approved by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
shall" and adding "approved by RD shall" in its place;

iii. Removing "If FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 makes
the loan" and adding "If (insert agency name) makes the loan" in its place;

iv. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

v. Removing "submitted to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "submitted to RD" in its place; and

vi. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 reserves"
and adding "Rural Development reserves" in its place;

d. In paragraphs (b)(1)(ii)(E) and (c)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

e. In paragraph (d) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural Development office" in its
place and removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "Form RD" in its place;

f. In paragraphs (d)(1) and (d)(2), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

g. In paragraph (d)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Field Office terminal" and adding "automated terminal" in its place and
removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever
it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

h. In paragraph (d)(5):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Field" and
adding "Rural Development Field" in its place;

ii. Removing "the Legislative Affairs and Public Information Staff in the
National Office" and adding "the Legislative and Public Affairs Staff in the
Rural Development National Office" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

i. In paragraph (d)(6), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

j. In paragraph (d)(7) introductory text, removing "Form FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Field" and adding "Rural
Development Field" in its place; and

k. In paragraph (d)(7)(iii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1942.6 [Amended]

159.Amend § 1942.6 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1942.8 [Amended]

160.Amend § 1942.8:

a. In paragraph (d), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

b. In paragraph (g), removing "review of FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354's" and adding "review of Rural Developments's" in its place;
and

c. In paragraph (h), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 personnel" and adding "Rural Development personnel" in its place and
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction" and
adding "RD Instruction" in its place.
§ 1942.16 [Amended]

161.Amend § 1942.16 introductory text by removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding
"RD Instruction" in its place and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural Development office" in its place.
§ 1942.17 [Amended]

162.Amend § 1942.17 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"Rural Development" in its place wherever it occurs in the following places:

i. Paragraph (a);

ii. Paragraphs (b)(2)(i), (b)(3), and (b)(4);

iii. Paragraphs (c)(1), (c)(2) introductory text, and (c)(2)(iv) introductory
text;

iv. Paragraphs (d)(1)(iv)(B), (d)(1)(iv)(G) introductory text,
(d)(1)(iv)(G)(2)(ii), (d)(1)(v) introductory text, (d)(1)(v)(C), and
(d)(1)(v)(D);

v. Paragraphs (e)(1) introductory text, (e)(1)(ii), and (e)(4);

vi. Paragraph (f)(6);

vii. Paragraph (f)(7) introductory text and (f)(7)(i)(D);

viii. Paragraph (g) introductory text;

ix. Paragraphs (h) introductory text, (h)(1)(ii)(B), (h)(2)(ii)(A)(2),
(h)(2)(ii)(B), (h)(2)(iii) introductory text, (h)(2)(iii)(C), and (h)(3)
introductory text;

x. Paragraphs (j)(3)(i)(A) through (D), (j)(3)(ii)(A), (j)(4) introductory text,
(j)(4)(iii)(C), (j)(5), (j)(7), (j)(9), (j)(10)(ii), (j)(10)(iv), and (j)(11);

xi. Paragraphs (k) introductory text, (k)(1)(iv), (k)(4), and (k)(5);

xii. Paragraphs (m)(3) through (m)(6);

xiii. Paragraphs (n)(1), (n)(2)(xiii), (n)(3)(ii), and (n)(6);

xiv. Paragraph (o)(3);

xv. Paragraphs (p)(2) introductory text, (p)(2)(iii), and (p)(3)(i) through
(iii);

b. Revising paragraphs (b)(1)(i)(A), (b)(1)(i)(B), (b)(2)(iii), and (b)(2)(iv);

c. In paragraph (b)(5), removing in the paragraph heading "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354"; and removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 shall" and adding "The Government shall" in its place;

d. In paragraph (c)(2)(iii)(E), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 funds" and adding "Rural Devleopment funds" in its place and
removing "between FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and
adding "between Rural Development's" in its place;

e. In paragraph (d)(1)(v)(E):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 may" and
adding "Rural Development may" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's
authorization" and adding "Rural Development's authorization" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
authorization" and adding "Rural Development authorization" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 approval"
and adding "Rural Development approval" in its place;

f. In paragraph (f)(5), removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction"
in its place and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
office" and adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

g. In paragraph (f)(6), revising the third, fourth, and fifth sentences;

h. In paragraphs (g)(1) introductory text and (g)(1)(i), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "the
United States" in its place;

i. In paragraph (g)(1)(ii) introductory text:

i. Removing "acceptable to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "acceptable to the United States" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 portion" and
adding "United States portion" in its place;

iii. Removing "include FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "include United States" in its place;

iv. Removing "the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State
Director" and adding "the State Director" in its place; and

v. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 must" and
adding "The United States must" in its place;

j. In paragraph (g)(1)(iv), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354";

k. In paragraph (g)(2)(iii)(A)(7):

i. Removing "Farmers Home Adminstration or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

l. In paragraph (g)(3)(i) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

m. In paragraphs (g)(3)(i)(B) and (D), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "the United States" in
its place;

n. In paragraph (g)(3)(iii)(A)(3):

i. Removing "Farmers Home Adminstration or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

o. In paragraph (h)(2)(i)(B)(2), removing "the Farmers Home Administration or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in
its place;

p. In paragraph (j)(3) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354's" and adding "RD's" in its place;

q. In paragraph (j)(3)(ii)(B):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "acceptable to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "acceptable to Rural Development" in its place; and

iii. Removing "determined by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "determined by Rural Development" in its place;

r. Revising paragraph (j)(3)(iii);

s. In paragraph (j)(4)(i) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its
place;

t. In paragraph (j)(4)(i)(A), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "give FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "give Rural
Development" in its place;

u. In paragraph (j)(4)(i)(B) introductory text, removing "Form FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form
RD" in its place and removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

v. In paragraph (j)(4)(i)(B)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its
place and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and
adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

w. In paragraph (j)(6)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

x. In paragraph (k)(7), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 financial" and adding "Agency financial" in its place and removing "The
FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State Director" and adding
"The State Director" in its place;

y. In paragraph (k)(8), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

z. In paragraph (l)(1):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 concurrence"
and adding "Agency concurrence" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354/EPA" and
adding "Agency/EPA" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 and EPA" and
adding "RD and EPA" in its place;

aa. In paragraph (l)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place;

bb. In paragraphs (l)(4) and (m)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

cc. In paragraph (m)(2):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will
tentatively" and adding "RD will tentatively" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loan" and
adding "agency loan" in its place;

iii. Removing "from FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "from Rural Development" in its place;

iv. Removing "where FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "where Rural Development" in its place;

v. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will notify"
and adding "Rural Development will notify" in its place; and

vi. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loans" and
adding "Rural Development loans" in its place;

dd. In paragraph (n)(2) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its
place;

ee. In paragraph (n)(2)(vii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

ff. In paragraph (n)(2)(x), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place;

gg. In paragraph (n)(3) introductory text:

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 funds" and
adding "Rural Development funds" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's
commitment" and adding "Rural Development's commitment" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loan" and
adding "Rural Development loan" in its place;

iv. Removing "When an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "When a Rural Development" in its place; and

v. Removing "provide FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "provide Rural Development" in its place;

hh. In paragraph (p)(2)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

ii. In paragraph (p)(4):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 funds" and
adding "Rural Development funds" in its place;

ii. Removing "benefit of FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "benefit of Rural Development" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

jj. In paragraph (p)(5), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 funds" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place
and removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by the Agency" in its place;

kk. In paragraph (p)(6)(i)(A):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loan" and
adding "agency loan" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 grant" and
adding "agency grant" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
indebtedness" and adding "RD indebtedness" in its place; and

11.In paragraph (p)(6)(i)(B), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "agency" in its place.

The revisions read as follows:
§ 1942.17 Community facilities.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(1) * * *

(i) * * *

(A) Loans for water or waste disposal facilities will not be made to a city or
town with a population in excess of 10,000 inhabitants. The population figure is
obtained from the most recent decennial Census of the United States (decennial
Census). If the applicable population figure cannot be obtained from the most
recent decennial Census, RD will determine the applicable population figure
based on available population data.

(B) Loans for essential community facilities will not be made to a city or town
with a population in excess of 20,000 inhabitants according to the most recent
decennial Census.

* * * * *

(2) * * *

(iii) For water or waste disposal facilities, the terms rural and rural area
will not include any area in any city or town with a population in excess of
10,000 inhabitants. The population figure is obtained from the most recent
decennial Census. If the applicable population figure cannot be obtained from
the most recent decennial Census, RD will determine the applicable population
figure based on available population data.

(iv) For essential community facilities, the terms rural and rural area will not
include any area in any city or town with a population in excess of 20,000
inhabitants. The population figure is obtained from the most recent decennial
Census. If the applicable population figure cannot be obtained from the most
recent decennial Census, RD will determine the applicable population figure
based on available population data.

* * * * *

(f) * * *

(6) Income determination.* * * The median household income of the service area
and the nonmetropolitan median household income of the State will be determined
from 5-year income data from the American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed,
other Census Bureau data. If there is reason to believe that the ACS or other
Census Bureau data does not accurately represent the median household income
within the area to be served, the reasons will be documented and the applicant
may furnish, or Rural Development may obtain, additional information regarding
such median household income data. Information must consist of reliable data
from local, regional, State or Federal sources or from a survey conducted by a
reliable impartial source. * * *

(j) * * *

(3) * * *

(iii) Insurance. The following types of coverage must be maintained if
appropriate for the type of project and entity involved. Insurance must be in
amounts acceptable to the Agency and at least equivalent to coverage for real
property and equipment acquired without Federal funds.

(A) Property insurance. Fire and extended coverage will normally be maintained
on all structures except as noted in paragraphs (j)(3)(iii)(A)(1) and (2) of
this section. Ordinarily, Rural Development should be listed as mortgagee on the
policy when Rural Development has a lien on the property. Normally, major items
of equipment or machinery located in the insured structures must also be
covered. Exceptions:

(1) Reservoirs, standpipes, elevated tanks, and other structures built entirely
of noncombustible materials if such structures are not normally insured.

(2) Subsurface lift stations except for the value of electrical and pumping
equipment therein.

(B) Liability and property damage insurance, including vehicular coverage.

(C) Malpractice insurance. The need and requirements for malpractice insurance
will be carefully and thoroughly considered in connection with each health care
facility financed.

(D) Flood insurance. Facilities located in special flood- and mudslide-prone
areas must comply with the eligibility and insurance requirements of subpart B
of part 1806 of this chapter (RD Instruction 426.2).

(E) Worker's compensation. The borrower will carry worker's compensation
insurance for employees in accordance with State laws.

* * * * *
§ 1942.18 [Amended]

163.Amend § 1942.18 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"Rural Development" in its place wherever it occurs in the following places:

i. Paragraph (b);

ii. Paragraph (c);

iii. Paragraphs (d) introductory text, (d)(4), and (d)(11);

iv. Paragraph(e)(2);

v. Paragraphs(f)(1) introductory text, (f)(1)(iii)(C), (f)(5), and (f)(6);

vi. Paragraph (g);

vii. Paragraph (h);

viii. Paragraphs (j)(1) introductory text, (j)(2), and (j)(5)(iv);

ix. Paragraph (k)(5);

x. Paragraphs (m) introductory text, (m)(1) introductory text, (m)(2), and
(m)(4);

xi. Paragraphs (n) introductory text, (n)(5), (n)(6), (n)(8), (n)(9), and
(n)(11); and

xii. Paragraphs (o)(2) introductory text, (o)(2)(iii) introductory text,
(o)(2)(iii)(B), (o)(4)(iv), (o)(6), (o)(7)(i) introductory text, and (o)(7)(iii)
introductory text;

b. In paragraph (d)(1) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

c. In paragraph (d)(1)(i):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 offices" and
adding "Rural Development offices" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's
eligibility" and adding "the Rural Development's eligibility" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

d. In paragraph (d)(16), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 will" and adding "Rural Development will" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's State" and adding
"Rural Development's State" in its place;

e. In paragraph (e)(1):

i. Removing "from FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "from Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and
adding "Rural Development's" in its place; and

iii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

f. In paragraph (f) introductory text:

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State" and
adding "Rural Development State" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 review" and
adding "Rural Development review" in its place;

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loan" and
adding "Rural Development loan" in its place; and

v. Removing "pledged to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "pledged to Rural Development" in its place;

g. In paragraphs (f)(1)(iii)(B)(2) and(3), removing "Form FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

h. In paragraph (n)(3):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

iii. Removing "acting through the Farmers Home Administration or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "acting through Rural Development"
in its place;

i. In paragraph (o)(1), removing "where FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "where Rural Development" in its place and
removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever
it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

j. In paragraph (o)(3):

i. Removing "made by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "made by Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 for
acceptance" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development for acceptance" in
its place;

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

iv. Removing "from FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "from Rural Development" in its place;

k. In paragraph (o)(5), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 State" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development State" in its
place and removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "Form RD" in its place;

l. In paragraph (o)(7)(i)(C), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place; and

m. In paragraph (o)(7)(ii), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State" and adding "the Rural
Development State" in its place.
§ 1942.19 [Amended]

164.Amend § 1942.19 by:

a. In the following paragraphs, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its
place:

i. Paragraphs (b)(1), (b)(2) introductory text, (b)(2)(iv), and (b)(2)(vi);

ii. Paragraph (c)(11);

iii. Paragraph (d);

iv. Paragraphs (e) introductory text and (e)(2)(i) through (e)(2)(iii);

v. Paragraph (f);

vi. Paragraph (g) introductory text; and

vii. Paragraphs (h)(1), (h)(4), (h)(7), (h)(9), (h)(10)(ii), and (h)(10)(iii).

b. In paragraph (c) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in
its place and removing "discusesd" and adding "discussed" in its place;

c. In paragraph (e)(1), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

d. In paragraph (e)(2), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 advance" and adding
"Rural Development advance" in its place;

e. In paragraph (h)(2):

i. Removing "purchased by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "purchased by Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "Farmers Home Administration or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

iii. Removing "address of FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "address of Rural Development" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State
Office" and adding "Rural Development State Office" in its place;

f. In paragraph (h)(10)(iv), removing "FmHA" and adding "RD" in its place;

g. In paragraph (h)(11)(iii), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place; and

h. In paragraph (i):

i. Removing "Bidding by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "Bidding by Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will not"
and adding "Rural Development will not" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's rates"
and adding "Rural Development's rates" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will
negotiate" and adding "Rural Development will negotiate" in its place.
§ 1942.20 [Amended]

165.Amend § 1942.20 by:

a. In paragraph (a) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354";

b. In paragraph (a)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Agency's" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(12), removing "Farmers Home Administration or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354--Department of Agriculture Pertaining to EDA
Public Works Projects Assisted by an FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 Loan" and adding "Department of Agriculture Pertaining to EDA Public
Works Projects Assisted by an Agency Loan" in its place;

d. In paragraph (a)(13), removing "Farmers Home Administration or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354-";

e. In paragraphs (a)(18) and (a)(20), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

f. In paragraph (a)(25), removing "EPA and FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Environmental Protection Agency and the Agency"
in its place; and

g. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Agency" in its place.
Subpart C--Fire and Rescue and Other Small Community Facilities Projects Back to
Top
§ 1942.102 [Amended]

166.Amend § 1942.102 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "RD's" in its place.
§ 1942.105 [Amended]

167.Amend § 1942.105 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1942.107 [Amended]

168.Amend § 1942.107(c) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 funds" and adding "Agency funds" in its place and by removing "by
Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "by RD" in its place.
§ 1942.108 [Amended]

169.Amend § 1942.108(c) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1942.112 [Amended]

170.Amend § 1942.112 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(2)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(3) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 approval" and adding "Agency approval" in its place and
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 determines" and
adding "RD determines" in its place;

c. In paragraphs (a)(3)(iii) and (a)(3)(iv), removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

d. In paragraph (a)(3)(v):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 may
authorize" and adding "RD may authorize" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's
authorization" and adding "RD's authorization" in its place;

iii. Removing "and FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
authorization" and adding "and Agency authorization" in its place; and

iv. Removing "without FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
approval" and adding "without Agency approval" in its place.
§ 1942.114 [Amended]

171.Amend § 1942.114 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (a)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place.
§ 1942.115 [Amended]

172.Amend § 1942.115 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 may require" and adding "RD may require" in its place and by removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 employee" and adding
"Agency employee" in its place.
§ 1942.116 [Amended]

173.Amend § 1942.116 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place; and

b. In paragraphs (a) and (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1942.122 [Amended]

174.Amend § 1942.122 by:

a. In the heading of paragraph (a), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (f), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1942.123 [Amended]

175.Amend § 1942.123 by:

a. In paragraphs (a)(1) and (i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (k):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 personnel"
and adding "Agency personnel" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "RD office" in its place.
§ 1942.126 [Amended]

176.Amend § 1942.126 by:

a. In paragraph (b) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 may" and adding "RD may" in its place and removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "RD office" in its
place;

c. In paragraph (b)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 concurrence" and adding "Agency concurrence" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 may" and adding "RD may"
in its place;

d. In paragraphs (b)(3), (c), and (d)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place;

e. In paragraph (d)(2):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 for approval"
and adding "RD for approval" in its place;

ii. Removing "approved by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "approved by RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 District"
and adding "Agency District" in its place;

f. In paragraph (h) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

g. In paragraph (k), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place;

h. In paragraph (l)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 will" and adding "RD will" in its place and removing "Form FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form
RD" in its place;

i. In paragraph (l)(2), removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "to RD" in its place and removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 funds" and adding "Agency funds" in its place;

j. In paragraph (l)(2)(iii) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

k. In paragraph (l)(2)(iii)(B), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

l. In paragraph (l)(3) introductory text:

i. Removing "or FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "or RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "inspector to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "inspector to RD" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 District"
and adding "Agency District" in its place;

iv. Removing "guide 11" and adding "Guide 11" in its place;

v. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

vi. Removing "Inspections by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Inspections by RD" in its place;

m. In paragraph (l)(4), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State Director" and adding "Agency
State Director" in its place;

n. In paragraphs (l)(5) and (l)(6)(i) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in
its place;

o. In paragraph (l)(6)(i)(C), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354's" and adding "RD's" in its place; and

p. In paragraph (l)(6)(ii), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 District" and adding "Agency District"
in its place; and

q. In paragraph (l)(6)(iii) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place.
§ 1942.127 [Amended]

177.Amend § 1942.127 by:

a. In paragraph (e)(1), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing
"by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "by RD" in
its place; and

b. In paragraph (e)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 loan" and adding "Agency loan" in its place and removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 may" and adding "RD may" in its place.

§ 1942.128 [Amended]

178.Amend § 1942.128(b) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1942.134 [Amended]

179.Amend § 1942.134 introductory text by removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding
"RD Instruction" in its place and by removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 Office" and adding "Rural Development office" in its
place.
Subpart G--Rural Business Enterprise Grants and Television Demonstration Grants
Back to Top
§ 1942.301 [Amended]

180.Amend § 1942.301 by removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever they occur and adding "Agency" in their
place.
§§ 1942.302. 1942.303, and 1942.304 [Amended]

181.Amend §§ 1942.302, 1942.303, and 1942.304 by removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Agency" in its
place.

182.In addition to the amendments set forth above, in § 1942.304, revise the
definition of "Rural and Rural Area" to read as follows:
§ 1942.304 Definitions.

* * * * *

Rural and Rural Area. Any area other than a city or town that has a population
of greater than 50,000 inhabitants and the urbanized area contiguous and
adjacent to such a city or town. The population figure is obtained from the most
recent decennial Census. If the applicable population figure cannot be obtained
from the most recent decennial Census, RD will determine the applicable
population figure based on available population data.

* * * * *
§ 1942.305 [Amended]

183.Amend § 1942.305 by:

a. In paragraph (b) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place; and

b. In paragraphs (b)(3)(iv)(A), (b)(3)(iv)(C), (b)(3)(iv)(E), and (b)(3)(v),
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD"
in its place.
§ 1942.306 [Amended]

184.Amend § 1942.306(c) by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 grant" and
adding "Agency grant" in its place;

b. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loan" and
adding "Agency loan" in its place; and

c. Removing "with FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "with RD" in its place.
§ 1942.308 [Amended]

185.Amend § 1942.308 by:

a. In paragraph (a):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 assistance"
and adding "Agency assistance" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 has" and
adding "RD has" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
regulations" and adding "Agency regulations" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place; and

c. In paragraph (d):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 for" and
adding "RD for" in its place;

ii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State" and
adding "Agency State" in its place.
§ 1942.310 [Amended]

186.Amend § 1942.310 by:

a. In paragraph (a):

i. Removing "When FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "When RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "no FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "no Agency" in its place;

iii. Removing "unless FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "unless RD" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 shall" and
adding "RD shall" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 will" and adding "RD will" in its place;

c. In paragraph (b)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "RD's" in its place;

d. In paragraph (b)(4):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "RD will" in its place;

iii. Removing "Forms FmHA" and adding "Forms RD" in its place;

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" wherever
it occurs and adding "RD's" in its place;

v. Removing "prior to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "prior to RD" in its place; and

vi. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 may" and
adding "RD may" in its place;

e. In paragraph (c)(1) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place;

f. In paragraph (c)(1)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

g. In paragraph (c)(3):

i. Removing "applicant to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "applicant to RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 National"
and adding "Agency National" in its place; and

iii. Removing "provided FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "provided RD" in its place;

h. In paragraph (c)(4):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 grant" and
adding "Agency grant" in its place;

ii. Removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "to RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "from FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "from RD" in its place.
§§ 1942.311 and 1942.313 [Amended]

187.Amend §§ 1942.311(b) and 1942.313(b) by removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1942.315 [Amended]

188.Amend § 1942.315(b) by removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1942.316 [Amended]

189.Amend § 1942.316(a) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
PART 1944--HOUSING Back to Top

190.The authority citation for part 1944 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 42 U.S.C. 1480.
Subpart B--Housing Application Packaging Grants Back to Top
§ 1944.51 [Amended]

191.Amend § 1944.51 by removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in their place.
§§ 1944.52 and 1944.53 [Amended]

192.Amend §§ 1944.52 and 1944.53 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its
place.

193.In addition to the amendments set forth above, in § 1944.52, revise the
definition of "Designated counties" to read as follows:
§ 1944.52 Definitions.

* * * * *

Designated counties. These counties are listed in exhibit D of this subpart. The
counties meet the following criteria:

(1) Twenty percent or more of the county population is at or below the poverty
level based on the most recent 5-year survey of the American Community Survey of
the Census Bureau or other Census Bureau data if needed; and

(2) Ten percent or more of the occupied housing units are substandard based on
the most recent decennial Census of the United States.

* * * * *
§ 1944.71 [Amended]

194.Amend § 1944.71(b) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place.
§ 1944.73 [Amended]

195.Amend § 1944.73 by:

a. In paragraph (a) introductory text:

i. Removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office"
and adding "a Rural Development office" in its place;

ii. Removing "the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office"
and adding "the Rural Development office" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iv. Removing "any FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office"
and adding "any Rural Development office" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(2), removing "FmHA" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in
its place; and

d. In paragraphs (b) and (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
Subpart I--Self-Help Technical Assistance Grants Back to Top
§ 1944.401 [Amended]

196.Amend § 1944.401 by removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "to Rural Development" in its place and by removing "an
FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "a Rural
Development" in its place.
§ 1944.402 [Amended]

197.Amend § 1944.402 introductory text by removing "Farmers Home Administration
(FmHA) or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural
Development" in its place.
§ 1944.403, 1944.404, 1944.415, 1944.416, 1944.419, 1944.422, and 1944.426
[Amended]

198.Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and add "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1944.403;

b. Section 1944.404;

c. Section 1944.415;

d. Section 1944.416;

e. Section 1944.419;

f. Section 1944.422; and

g. Section 1944.426.
§ 1944.410 [Amended]

199.Amend § 1944.410 by:

a. In paragraphs (b)(1)(ii) and (c)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

b. In paragraph (c)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

c. In paragraph (e)(6), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1944.411 [Amended]

200.Amend § 1944.411 by:

a. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (g), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1944.412 [Amended]

201.Amend § 1944.412 by removing "FmHA" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in
its place.
§ 1944.413 [Amended]

202.Amend § 1944.413 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1944.417 [Amended]

203.Amend § 1944.417 by:

a. In the introductory text to the section, removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural
Development" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (a)(1), (a)(2)(i), and (a)(2)(ii), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

c. In paragraphs (b) introductory text, (b)(1)(ii), and (b)(2), removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding
"Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1944.423 [Amended]

204.Amend § 1944.423 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" wherever
it occurs and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

b. Removing "only FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 can" and
adding "only Rural Development can" in its place; and

c. Removing "with FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 in the"
and adding "with Rural Development in the" in its place.
§ 1944.425 [Amended]

205.Amend § 1944.425 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place.
Subpart K--Technical and Supervisory Assistance Grants Back to Top
§ 1944.501 [Amended]

206.Amend § 1944.501 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 employee" and adding "Rural Development employee" in its place and
removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 employee" and
adding "a Rural Development employee" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (b), removing "The Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place.
§ 1944.502 [Amended]

207.Amend § 1944.502 by:

a. In paragraphs (a) introductory text, (a)(1), and (b), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place;

b. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place and removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 resources" and adding "Rural
Development resources" in its place; and

c. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§§ 1944.506, 1944.510, 1944.512, 1944.514, 1944.516, 1944.520, 1944.525,
1944.529, 1944.538, 1944.541, 1944.543, 1944.547, and 1944.549 [Amended]

208.Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and add "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1944.506;

b. Section 1944.510;

c. Section 1944.512;

d. Section 1944.514;

e. Section 1944.516;

f. Section 1944.520;

g. Section 1944.525;

h. Section 1944.529;

i. Section 1944.538;

j. Section 1944.541;

k. Section 1944.543;

l. Section 1944.547; and

m. Section 1944.549.
§ 1944.526 [Amended]

209.Amend § 1944.526 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(2)(i)(E), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

b. In paragraphs (a)(5) and (c)(1)(i), removing "Form FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its
place.
§ 1944.531 [Amended]

210.Amend § 1944.531 by removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place and by
removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" from
paragraph (c)(13) and adding "by Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1944.533 [Amended]

211.Amend § 1944.533 by:

a. In paragraphs (c), (d), (f)(1), (f)(2) introductory text, (f)(2)(iii),
(f)(2)(iv), (f)(4) introductory text, (f)(4)(i), and (f)(6), removing "Form FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever its occurs and adding
"Form RD" in its place;

b. In paragraph (e) introductory text, removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding
"RD Instruction" in its place and removing "Director of Information in the
National Office" and adding "Director, Legislative and Public Affairs Staff
(LAPAS), in the Rural Development National Office" in its place;

c. In paragraph (f)(4)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

d. In paragraph (f)(5), removing "LAPIS" wherever it occurs and adding "LAPAS"
in its place and removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1944.535 [Amended]

212.Amend § 1944.535 by:

a. In paragraphs (a) and (b), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Appeal" and adding "Rural Development Appeal" in its place.
§ 1944.536 [Amended]

213.Amend § 1944.536 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 determines" and adding "Rural Development determines" in its place and
by removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1944.540 [Amended]

214.Amend § 1944.540 by:

a. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1944.545 [Amended]

215.Amend § 1944.545 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 440-1" and adding "RD 1940-1" in its place.
§ 1944.548 [Amended]

216.Amend § 1944.548 by:

a. In the section heading, in paragraph (a), and in paragraph (b) introductory
text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (b)(3), removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction"
in its place.
Subpart N--Housing Preservation Grants Back to Top
§ 1944.654 [Amended]

217.Amend § 1944.654 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "FmHA Instruction" wherever it occurs and adding
"RD Instruction" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in
its place and removing "any Agency office" and adding "any Rural Development
office" in its place.
§ 1944.657 [Amended]

218.Amend § 1944.657 by removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction"
in its place and by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 office" and adding "Rural Development office" in its place.
§ 1944.658 [Amended]

219.Amend § 1944.658(a)(3) by removing "or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs.
§§ 1944.660, 1944.663, 1944.664, 1944.666, 1944.668, 1944.671, 1944.674,
1944.678, 1944.679, 1944.681, 1944.683, 1944.684, and 1944.689 [Amended]

220.Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and add "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1944.660 section heading and paragraph (a);

b. Section 1944.663(a)(7) and (a)(8);

c. Section 1944.664(c)(10)(ii);

d. Section 1944.666(a)(2), (b)(5), and (c);

e. Section 1944.668;

f. Section 1944.671(b) introductory text and paragraphs (b)(2) and (c);

g. Section 1944.674(b) and (c);

h. Section 1944.678;

i. Section 1944.679(b) introductory text and paragraph (b)(4);

j. Section 1944.681;

k. Section 1944.683(a), (b) introductory text, (c), and (d);

l. Section 1944.684 (a), (b) introductory text, (b)(2), (c), and (d); and

m. Section 1944.689(b).
§ 1944.672 [Amended]

221.Amend § 1944.672 by:

a. In paragraphs (c) and (e) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (e)(3):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's
environmental" and adding "Rural Development's environmental" in its place; and

ii. Removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
environmental" and adding "a Rural Development environmental" in its place; and

c. In paragraph (g), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1944.673 [Amended]

222.Amend § 1944.673 by:

a. In paragraph (a):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 has" and
adding "Rural Development has" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office"
wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1944.676 [Amended]

223.Amend § 1944.676 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "appropriate FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "appropriate Rural Development" in its place and
removing "any FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office" and
adding "any Rural Development office" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (b) introductory text, (b)(1)(iv), and (b)(1)(xii), removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural
Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (b)(1)(iii):

i. Removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office"
wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

iii. Removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "to Rural Development" in its place;

d. In paragraph (b)(1)(x), removing "Rural Development or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354";

e. In paragraph (c), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural Development
office" in its place;

f. In paragraph (d)(4), removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction"
in its place and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
office" and adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

g. In paragraph (d)(5), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 office" and adding "Rural Development office" in its place and removing
"to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "to Rural
Development" in its place;

h. In paragraph (g), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

i. In paragraph (h), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1944.682 [Amended]

224.Amend § 1944.682 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 determines"
and adding "Rural Development determines" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

c. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

d. In paragraph (c):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "Rural Development will" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

iv. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever
it occurs and adding "by Rural Development" in its place; and

e. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1944.688 [Amended]

225.Amend § 1944.688 by:

a. In paragraphs (a) and (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its
place; and

b. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's appeal" and adding "Rural Development's appeal" in its place.
§ 1944.690 [Amended]

226.Amend § 1944.690 by removing "Administrator of FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Under Secretary for Rural Development (or
designee)" in its place.
PART 1948--RURAL DEVELOPMENT Back to Top

227.The authority citation for part 1948 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1932 note.
Subpart B--Section 601 Energy Impacted Area Development Assistance Back to Top
§ 1948.51 [Amended]

228.Amend § 1948.51 by:

a. Removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. Removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "to Rural Development" in its place; and

c. Removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "a Rural Development" in its place.
§§ 1948.53, 1948.56, 1948.60, 1948.62, 1948.68, 1948.70, 1948.81, 1948.86,
1948.88, 1948.91, 1948.94, and 1948.95 [Amended]

229.Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and add "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1948.53;

b. Section 1948.56;

c. Section 1948.60;

d. Section 1948.62(b);

e. Section 1948.68(g);

f. Section 1948.70(b);

g. Section 1948.81(a) and (b);

h. Section 1948.86(a)(1) and (a)(2);

i. Section 1948.88;

j. Section 1948.91;

k. Section 1948.94(a) introductory text and (b); and

l. Section 1948.95.

230.Revise § 1948.61 introductory text to read as follows:
§ 1948.61 State supplements and guides.

Rural Development State Directors will obtain National Office clearance for all
State supplements and guides in accordance with paragraph VIII of RD Instruction
2006-B, (available in any Rural Development office).

* * * * *
§ 1948.70 [Amended]

231.Amend § 1948.70(c) by removing "Administrator of FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Under Secretary for Rural
Development" in its place.
§ 1948.79 [Amended]

232.Amend § 1948.79 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

i. Paragraph (a);

ii. Paragraph (c) introductory text;

iii. Paragraph (e) introductory text;

iv. Paragraph (f);

v. Paragraph (g);

vi. Paragraph (h) introductory text;

vii. Paragraph (i);

viii. Paragraph (j);

ix. Paragraphs (k) introductory text and (k)(12);

b. In paragraph (c)(4), removing "Forms FmHA" and adding "Form RD" in its place
and removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

c. In paragraph (k)(8), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 440-1" and adding "RD 1940-1" in its place; and

d. In paragraphs (k)(9) and (k)(10), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1948.81 [Amended]

233.Amend § 1948.81(d) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 State" and adding "Rural Development State" in its place and by
removing "Administrator, FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "Under Secretary for Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1948.82 [Amended]

234.Amend § 1948.82 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

i. Paragraphs (a) introductory text and (a)(10);

ii. Paragraph (c);

iii. Paragraph (d);

iv. Paragraph (e);

v. Paragraphs (f) introductory text, (f)(1), and (f)(2);

vi. Paragraph (g);

vii. Paragraph (h); and

viii. Paragraph (m).

b. In paragraph (i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 National" and adding "Rural Development State" in its place and removing
"Administrator" and adding "Under Secretary for Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (j), removing "Administrator, FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354, the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
State" and adding "Under Secretrary for Rural Development, the Rural Development
State" in its place;

d. In paragraph (k), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Stae" and adding "Rural Development State" in its place and removing
"Administrator, FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Under Secretrary for Rural Development" in its place; and

e. In paragraph (l), removing "Administrator of FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Under Secretary for Rural Development" in
its place.
§§ 1948.83 and 1948.97 [Amended]

235.Amend §§ 1948.83 and 1948.97 by removing "FmHA" and adding "RD" in its
place.
§ 1948.84 [Amended]

236.Amend § 1948.84 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

i. Paragraph (a);

ii. Paragraph (d) introductory text;

iii. Paragraphs (e) introductory text and (e)(1);

iv. Paragraph (f);

v. Paragraph (g);

vi. Paragraph (h) introductory text;

vii. Paragraph (i) introductory text; and

viii. Paragraphs (i)(14) and (i)(17).

b. In paragraph (b):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "The Rural Development office" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 District"
and adding "Rural Development District" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State" and
adding "the Rural Development State" in its place; and

iv. Removing "the time the AD-622" and adding "the time the Form AD-622" in its
place;

c. In paragraphs (d)(2) and (d)(8), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

d. In paragraph (d)(9), removing "Forms FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 400-1 and Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 400-4" and adding "Form RD 400-1 and Form RD 400-4" in its place;

e. In paragraph (i)(10), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 440-1" and adding "RD 1940-1" in its place;

f. In paragraph (i)(11), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

g. In paragraph (i)(12), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 400" and adding "RD 400-4" in its place; and

h. In paragraph (i)(13), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1948.89 [Amended]

237.Amend § 1948.89 by:

a. In the heading of the section and in paragraph (a) introductory text,
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(1):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State"
wherever it occurs and adding "the Rural Development State" in its place;

ii. Removing "Administrator, FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Under Secretary for Rural Development" in its place; and

iii. Removing "for FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "for Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(2), removing "Administrator" and adding "Under Secretary for
Rural Development" in its place;

d. In paragraph (a)(3), removing "Administrator, FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Under Secretary for Rural Development" in
its place; and

e. In paragraphs (a)(4), (a)(5), and (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1948.90 [Amended]

238.Amend § 1948.90 by:

a. In paragraphs (a) introductory text and (a)(1), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural
Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(2):

i. Removing "Administrator, FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Under Secretary for Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

iii. Removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "to Rural Development" in its place; and

iv. Removing "by the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by the Rural Development" in its place; and

c. In paragraphs (a)(3), (b)(2), (b)(3), and (b)(5), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural
Development" in its place.
§ 1948.92 [Amended]

239.Amend § 1948.92 by:

a. In paragraphs (a) and (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (c):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State" and
adding "Rural Development State" in its place;

ii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

c. In paragraphs (d) and (e), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 440-1" and adding "RD 1940-1" in its place;

d. In paragraph (f):

i. Removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Director of Information, Farmers Home Administration or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Director, Legislative and
Public Affairs Staff (LAPAS), in the Rural Development National Office" in its
place;

e. In paragraph (g)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

f. In paragraph (g)(4), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State" and adding "Rural
Development State" in its place;

g. In paragraph (g)(6), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 440-1" and adding "Form RD 1940-1" in its place and removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 National" and adding "Rural
Development National" in its place;

h. In paragraph (g)(7), removing "Director of Information in the FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 National Office" and adding "Director,
LAPAS, in the Rural Development National Office" in its place;

i. In paragraph (g)(10), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

j. In paragraph (g)(11):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State" and
adding "Rural Development State" in its place;

ii. Removing "Director, Legislative Affairs and Public Information Staff
(LAPIS)" and adding "Director, LAPAS" in its place;

iii. Removing "LAPIS" wherever it occurs and adding "LAPAS" in its place; and

iv. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1948.93 [Amended]

240.Amend § 1948.93 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place and by
removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place.
§ 1948.94 [Amended]

241.Amend § 1948.94 by:

a. In paragraph (a) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in
its place; and

b. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA Instruction 402.1 (available in any FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office)" and adding "RD
Instruction 1902-A (available in any Rural Development office)" in its place and
removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"to Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1948.96 [Amended]

242.Amend § 1948.96 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "FmHA" and adding "RD" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
PART 1950--GENERAL Back to Top
Subpart C--Servicing Accounts of Borrowers Entering the Armed Forces Back to Top

243.The authority citation for subpart C of part 1950 continues to read as
follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; and 42 U.S.C. 1480.
§ 1950.101 [Amended]

244.Amend § 1950.101 by removing "Farmers Home Administration or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 (FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354)" and adding "Rural Development" in its place and by removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 regulations" and adding "Rural
Development regulations" in its place.
§ 1950.102 [Amended]

245.Amend § 1950.102(a) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 will" and adding "Rural Development will" in its place and by
removing "policy FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "policy of Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1950.103 [Amended]

246.Amend § 1950.103 by:

a. In the section heading, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 loan" and adding "government loan" in its place and removing "borrower
and FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "borrower
and Rural Development" in its place; and

c. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place and removing "Address
or Name" and adding "Address, Name, Case Number, or Loan Number" in its place.
§ 1950.104 [Amended]

247.Amend § 1950.104 by:

a. In the section heading, introductory text, and paragraph (a), removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development"
in its place;

b. In paragraph (b) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (b)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

d. In paragraph (e), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1950.105 [Amended]

248.Amend § 1950.105(b) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
PART 1951--SERVICING AND COLLECTIONS Back to Top

249.The authority citation for part 1951 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1932 note; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 31 U.S.C. 3716; 42 U.S.C. 1480.

Subpart A--Account Servicing Policies Back to Top
§ 1951.2 [Amended]

250.Amend § 1951.2 by removing "Farmers Home Administration or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 (FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354)" and adding "Agency" in its place.
§ 1951.3 [Amended]

251.Amend § 1951.3 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place.
§ 1951.7 [Amended]

252.Amend § 1951.7 by:

a. In paragraph (b)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (b)(4)(i), (c), and (d)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its
place;

c. In paragraph (e), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 borrowers will be maintained in the County Office on Forms FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 1905-1, FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 1905-5, FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 1905-10, "Management System Card-Association," as provided in FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction 1905-A (available in
any FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office)" and adding
"Agency borrowers will be maintained in the County Office as provided in RD
Instruction 1905-A (available in any Agency office)" in its place;

d. In paragraph (h) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place;

e. In paragraphs (h)(1) and (h)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place; and

f. In paragraph (h)(3):

i. Removing "Forms FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Forms RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "copy(ies) of Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "copy(ies) of Form RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "; a copy of Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 1951-58, "Basis for Loan Account Payment Application for Farmer Program
Loans;".
§ 1951.8 [Amended]

253.Amend § 1951.8(b)(3) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1951.9 [Amended]

254.Amend § 1951.9 by:

a. In the section heading, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

b. In the introductory text, removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(1) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

d. In paragraph (a)(1)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

e. In paragraphs (a)(1)(ii), (a)(1)(iii), (a)(1)(iv), (a)(2), and (b), removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and
adding "Agency" in its place.
§ 1951.10 [Amended]

255.Amend § 1951.10 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (a)(6), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place.
§ 1951.11 [Amended]

256.Amend § 1951.11 by:

a. In paragraph (d)(1)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

b. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1951.12 [Amended]

257.Amend § 1951.12 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 loan" and adding "Agency loan" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place; and

c. In paragraphs (c)(1) and (c)(2), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1951.14 [Amended]

258.Amend § 1951.14(b) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1951.25 [Amended]

259.Amend § 1951.25(b)(2)(ii) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.

260.Revise Exhibit A to subpart A of 7 CFR part 1951 to read as follows:
Exhibit A to Subpart A of Part 1951--Notice to Agency Borrowers Back to Top

Agency borrowers with community program loan types made under the Consolidated
Farm and Rural Development Act may request a loan summary statement which shows
the calendar year account activity for each loan. Interested borrowers may
request these statements through their local Rural Development office.
Subpart D--Final Payment of Loans Back to Top
§ 1951.153 [Amended]

261.Amend § 1951.153(b) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1951.154 [Amended]

262.Amend § 1951.154 by removing in paragraph (a) "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place and by removing in
paragraph (c) "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"RD" in its place.
§ 1951.155 [Amended]

263.Amend § 1951.155 by:

a. In paragraph (b):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "RD will" in its place;

ii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

b. In paragraph (c) introductory text and paragraph (c)(1), removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding
"RD" in its place;

c. In paragraph (c)(2):

i. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will"
wherever it occurs and adding "RD will" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 is" and
adding "RD is" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 can" and
adding "RD can" in its place;

d. In paragraph (g), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 may" and adding "RD may" in its place and removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD
Instruction" in its place; and

e. In paragraph (i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 will" and adding "RD will" in its place and removing "by FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "by RD" in its place.
Subpart E--Servicing of Community and Direct Business Programs Loans and Grants
Back to Top
§ 1951.201 [Amended]

264.Amend § 1951.201 by removing "loans for Grazing and other shift-in-land-use
projects;" and "Association Irrigation and Drainage loans;" and by removing "and
the Farm Service Agency" and adding "and the Rural Housing Service" in its
place.
§ 1951.202 [Amended]

265.Amend § 1951.202 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place and by removing "by
FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "by Rural
Development" in its place.
§ 1951.203 [Amended]

266.Amend § 1951.203(h) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1951.207 [Amended]

267.Amend § 1951.207 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§§ 1951.211, 1951.215, and 1951.216 [Amended]

268.Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and add "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1951.211;

b. Section 1951.215 introductory text and (a)(2); and

c. Section 1951.216.
§ 1951.220 [Amended]

269.Amend § 1951.220 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural
Development's" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

c. In paragraph (b) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

d. In paragraph (b)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

e. In paragraph (b)(2), removing "Forms FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 1951-9" and "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 1951-9" and adding "Form RD 1951-9" in their place;

f. In paragraph (b)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

g. In paragraph (c) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

h. In paragraph (c)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

i. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

j. In paragraph (e)(2)(v), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

k. In paragraph (f), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place and removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 as" and adding "Rural Development
as" in its place; and

l. In paragraphs (g) and (h)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1951.221 [Amended]

270.Amend § 1951.221 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(2) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (a)(2)(i)(A), (a)(2)(i)(B), and (a)(2)(i)(C), removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in
its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(3) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

d. In paragraph (a)(3)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1951.222 [Amended]

271.Amend § 1951.222 by:

a. In the introductory text and in paragraphs (a)(2), (a)(3), (a)(7), and
(a)(9), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherver
it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (c)(1) and (c)(3), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

c. In paragraph (c)(7), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

d. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place and removing "Form FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding
"Form RD" in its place.
§ 1951.223 [Amended]

272.Amend § 1951.223 by:

a. In paragraph (b)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

b. In paragraph (c)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's security" and adding "Rural Development's security" in its place and
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 approval" and
adding "Rural Development approval" in its place; and

c. In paragraphs (c)(3), (c)(4) introductory text, (c)(4)(i), (c)(4)(ii), and
(c)(4)(iv), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1951.224 [Amended]

273.Amend § 1951.224 by:

a. In paragraphs (a)(1)(iii), (a)(1)(v), and (a)(2)(v), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural
Development" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (b)(1) and (b)(2), removing "to FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "to Rural Development" in its place and
removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"Form RD" in its place;

c. In paragraph (b)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

d. In paragraph (b)(6), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 consent" and adding "Rural Development consent" in its place and
removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"Form RD" in its place;

e. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

f. In paragraph (e)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1951.225 [Amended]

274.Amend § 1951.225 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1951.226 [Amended]

275.Amend § 1951.226 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

c. In paragraph (b)(4)(i), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

d. In paragraph (b)(4)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

e. In paragraph (b)(5)(i), removing "on FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "on Rural Development" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's advantage" and adding
"Rural Development's advantage" in its place;

f. In paragraphs (b)(5)(ii) and (b)(6), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

g. In paragraph (c)(1)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

h. In paragraphs (c)(1)(iv) through (vii), (c)(2)(i), and (c)(2)(ii), removing
"Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs
and adding "Form RD" in its place;

i. In paragraph (c)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

j. In paragraph (d)(1) "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "a Rural Development" in its place and removing "Form FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its
place;

k. In paragraph (d)(2) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

l. In paragraph (d)(2)(ii), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1951.227 [Amended]

276.Amend § 1951.227 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (c):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place.
§ 1951.230 [Amended]

277.Amend § 1951.230 by:

a. In paragraph (a) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's security" and adding "Rural Development's security" in its place and
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 program" and
adding "Rural Development program" in its place;

c. In paragraphs (a)(3), (a)(4), and (a)(6), removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

d. In paragraph (a)(7), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "to FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "to Rural Development" in
its place;

e. In paragraph (a)(8), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

f. In paragraph (a)(9), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 debt" and adding "Rural Development debt" in its place and removing
"Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs
and adding "Form RD" in its place;

g. In paragraph (a)(12), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

h. In paragraphs (b) introductory text and (b)(5), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place;

i. In paragraph (c) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

j. In paragraph (c)(1), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

k. In paragraph (c)(5), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

l. In paragraph (d) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

m. In paragraph (d)(1)(i):

i. Removing "non-FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
personnel" and adding "non-Rural Development personnel" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

n. In paragraph (d)(1)(ii), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

o. In paragraph (d)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

p. In paragraph (d)(5), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

q. In paragraphs (e)(1) and (e)(2)(ii), removing "Form FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

r. In paragraph (f)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" wherever it occurs and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

s. In paragraph (f)(5), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "approval by FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "approval by Rural
Development" in its place;

t. In paragraphs (f)(6), (f)(7)(i), and (f)(7)(ii), removing "Form FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

u. In paragraph (f)(8), removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "a Rural Development" in its place;

v. In paragraph (f)(9), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

w. In paragraph (f)(11), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

x. In paragraphs (f)(12) and (f)(14), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

y. In paragraph (f)(15), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1951.231 [Amended]

278.Amend § 1951.231 by:

a. In paragraphs (a)(1)(i), (v), and (vii), removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its
place;

b. In paragraph (a)(1)(vi), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

c. In paragraphs (a)(2), (3), and (4), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place;

d. In paragraph (b)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

e. In paragraphs (c)(3) and (4), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place;

f. In paragraph (d) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place; and

g. In paragraph (d)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place and removing "debt to
FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "debt to Rural
Development" in its place.
§§ 1951.232, 1951.240, and 1951.241 [Amended]

279.Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1951.232;

b. Section 1951.240; and

c. Section 1951.241.
Subpart F--Analyzing Credit Needs and Graduation of Borrowers Back to Top
§ 1951.264 [Amended]

280.Amend § 1951.264(a)(2) by removing "1951-F-5" and adding "1951-5" in its
place.
Exhibit B to Subpart F [Amended] Back to Top

281.In Exhibit B to subpart F, paragraph 15, removing "Form FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and
removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"by Rural Development" in its place.
Subpart R--Rural Development Loan Servicing Back to Top
§ 1951.851 [Amended]

282.Amend § 1951.851 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "Farmers Home Administration or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 (FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354)" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1951.852 [Amended]

283.Amend § 1951.852(a)(1), (a)(2), and (a)(9) by removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural
Development loan" in its place.
§§ 1951.866, 1951.883, and 1951.896 [Amended]

284.Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1951.866;

b. Section 1951.883; and

c. Section 1951.896.
§ 1951.881 [Amended]

285.Amend § 1951.881 by:

a. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (d):

i. Removing "by the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by the Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
Administrator" and adding "the Rural Development Under Secretary" in its place;
and

c. In paragraph (e)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1951.884 [Amended]

286.Amend § 1951.884 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1951.885 [Amended]

287.Amend § 1951.885 by:

a. In the introductory text and in paragraphs (a)(2), and (b), removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding
"Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (c):

i. Removing "expose FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "expose Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and
adding "Rural Development's" in its place; and

iii. Removing "which FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "which Rural Development" in its place; and

c. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1951.889 [Amended]

288.Amend § 1951.889 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

c. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

d. In paragraph (e), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 case nunber" and adding "Rural Development case number" in its place.
§ 1951.890 [Amended]

289.Amend § 1951.890 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "Rural Development will" in its place;

b. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

c. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

d. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 and" and
adding "Rural Development and" in its place; and

e. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 staff" and
adding "Rural Development staff" in its place.
§ 1951.891 [Amended]

290.Amend § 1951.891 by:

a. In paragraph (a) introductory text:

i. Removing "that FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "that Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "Should the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "Should Rural Development" in its place;

iii. Removing "interests of FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "interests of Rural Development" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 may" and
adding "Rural Development may" in its place;

b. in paragraph (a)(2), removing "as FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "as Rural Development" in its place and removing "by the
FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "by Rural
Development" in its place; and

c. In paragraphs (a)(3), (e), and (f), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in
its place.
PART 1955--PROPERTY MANAGEMENT Back to Top

291.The authority citation for part 1955 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 42 U.S.C. 1480.
Subpart A--Liquidation of Loans Secured by Real Estate and Acquisition of Real
and Chattel Property Back to Top
§ 1955.2 [Amended]

292.Amend § 1955.2 by removing "property to FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "property to Rural Development" in its place and
removing "conveyance to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "conveyance to Rural Development and" in its place.
§ 1955.3 [Amended]

293.Amend § 1955.3 by:

a. In the definition of `CONACT or CONACT property', removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "the government" in its
place;

b. In the definition of `Government', removing "Farmers Home Administration or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 (FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354)," and adding "RBS, RHS, and RUS of the" in its place
and removing "used interchangeably herein with "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354."; and

c. In the definition of `Prior lien', removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 security" and adding "Rural Development security" in
its place and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's
`" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place.
§ 1955.5 [Amended]

294.Amend § 1955.5 by:

a. In paragraphs (a) and (c)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (d), removing "(available in any FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 office)" and removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1955.10 [Amended]

295.Amend § 1955.10 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

i. The introductory text;

ii. The heading of paragraph (c);

iii. Paragraph (f) introductory text;

iv. Paragraphs (f)(1) introductory text, (f)(1)(i)(A), (f)(1)(i)(B), (f)(1)(ii),
and (f)(1)(iii);

v. Paragraph (g)(1); and

vi. Paragraphs (h)(1), (h)(2), and (h)(5);

b. In paragraph (a)(2)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural
Development office" in its place;

c. In paragraph (c)(2):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 liens" and
adding "Rural Development liens" in its place;

ii. Removing "made by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "made by Rural Development" in its place;

iii. Removing "An FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
official" and adding "A Rural Development official" in its place;

d. In paragraphs (d)(1), (d)(2), and (d)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its
place;

e. In paragraph (e):

i. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "qualified FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "qualified Rural Development" in its place;

iii. Removing "outside FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "outside Rural Development" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

f. In paragraphs (h)(4)(i) and (h)(4)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its
place.
§§ 1955.11 and 1955.12 [Amended]

296.Amend §§ 1955.11 and 1955.12 by removing in their section headings and
wherever else it occurs "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1955.15 [Amended]

297.Amend § 1955.15 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

i. The introductory text;

ii. Paragraph (a)(2)(i);

iii. Paragraph (d)(2)(v);

iv. Paragraph (d)(3)(i)(A);

v. Paragraph (d)(6)(i) introductory text;

vi. Paragraphs (f)(1)(i)(C) and (D),

vii. Paragraphs (f)(5)(i)(A) and (B);

viii. Paragraph (f)(5)(ii); and

ix. Paragraphs (f)(7)(i) and (ii).

b. In paragraph (b) introductory text:

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

iv. Removing "Forms FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Forms RD" in its place; and

v. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loan
servicing" and adding "Rural Development loan servicing" in its place;

c. In paragraph (b)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the government" in its place;

d. In paragraph (d)(1):

i. Removing "whether FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "whether Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loan(s)" and
adding "Rural Development loan(s)" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's position"
and adding "Rural Development's position" in its place;

e. In paragraph (d)(2) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 Guide Letters" and adding "Guide Letters" in its place
and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office"
wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

f. In paragraphs (d)(4), (e)(2), and (f)(1)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

g. In paragraph (f)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural
Development office" in its place;

h. In paragraph (f)(4), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

i. In paragraph (f)(6):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" wherever
it occurs and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

ii. Removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 borrower"
and adding "a Rural Development borrower" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 debt" and
adding "Rural Development debt" in its place;

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 determines"
and adding "Rural Development determines" in its place;

v. Removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 appraiser"
and adding "a Rural Development appraiser" in its place;

vi. Removing "outside FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "outside Rural Development" in its place;

vii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

viii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office"
and adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

j. In paragraph (f)(7) introductory text, removing "an FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 employee" wherever it occurs and adding "a Rural
Development employee" in its place.
§ 1955.18 [Amended]

298.Amend § 1955.18 by:

a. In paragraph (e)(1) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (e)(1)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place.

c. In paragraph (e)(2) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

d. In paragraph (e)(2)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

e. In paragraph (e)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

f. In paragraph (e)(4) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1955.20 [Amended]

299.Amend § 1955.20 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(5), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

d. In paragraph (b) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

e. In paragraph (b)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

f. In paragraph (b)(2):

i. Removing "chattels to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "chattels to Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

g. In paragraph (b)(4), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

h. In paragraph (c)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

i. In paragraph (d):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "outside FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "outside Rural Development" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

j. In paragraph (f)(1) introductory text, removing "an FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "a Rural Development" in its place;

k. In paragraphs (f)(1)(ii), and (f)(2)(i), (ii), and (iii), removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in
its place;

l. In paragraph (f)(2)(v), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

m. In paragraph (g), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

n. In paragraph (h), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;
§ 1955.22 [Amended]

300.Amend § 1955.22 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 officials"
and adding "Rural Development officials" in its place;

b. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD instruction" in its place; and

c. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place.
Subpart B--Management of Property Back to Top
§ 1955.52 [Amended]

301.Amend § 1955.52 by removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "by the respective Agency" in its place and by removing
"Generally, FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"Generally, RHS" in its place.
§ 1955.53 [Amended]

302.Amend § 1955.53 as follows:

a. In the definition of `CONACT or CONACT property', remove "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and add "the respective Agency" in
its place;

b. In the definition of `Custodial property', remove "an FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 loan" and add "a Rural Development loan" in its
place and remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loan has
taken" and add "the respective Agency has taken" in its place; and

c. In the definition of `Government', remove "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and add "the respective Agency" in its place.
§ 1955.55 [Amended]

303.Amend § 1955.55 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherevre it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

i. Paragraph (b) introductory text;

ii. Paragraph (b)(2) introductory text;

iii. Paragraphs (c) introductory text and (c)(1);

iv. Paragraphs (f)(2)(i) and (ii), and (f)(3);

b. In paragraph (b)(2)(iii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural
Development office" in its place; and

c. In paragraph (f) introductory text:

i. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "through FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "through Rural Development" in its place;

iii. Removing "if FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "if Rural Development" in its place;

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

v. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place.
§§ 1955.57, 1955.60, 1955.61, and 1955.82 [Amended]

304.Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1955.57;

b. Section 1955.60;

c. Section 1955.61; and

d. Section 1955.82.
§ 1955.62 [Amended]

305.Amend § 1955.62 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 lien" and adding "a Rural Development lien" in its place and
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 official" and
adding "Rural Development official" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (a)(1) and (a)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place;

c. In paragraph (b)(1)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

d. In paragraph (b)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural
Development office" in its place; and

e. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;
§ 1955.65 [Amended]

306.Amend § 1955.65 by:

a. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354";

b. In paragraph (c) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place
and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

c. In paragraph (c)(1):

i. Removing "which FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "which Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's approval"
and adding "Rural Development's approval" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

d. In paragraphs (c)(2)(i), (ii), and (iii), removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its
place and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
office" and adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

e. In paragraph (c)(4):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
wherever it occurs and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office" and adding "Rural
Development office" in their place.
§ 1955.72 [Amended]

307.Amend § 1955.72(a) and (b) by removing "(available in any FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office)".

308.Amend Exhibit A to subpart B of Part 1955 by revising the heading to read as
follows:
Exhibit A to Subpart B of Part 1955--Memorandum of Understanding Between the
Federal Emergency Management Agency and Rural Development Back to Top

* * * * *
Subpart C--Disposal of Inventory Property Back to Top
§ 1955.102 [Amended]

309.Amend § 1955.102 by removing "Farmers Home Administration or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354s (FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's)" and adding "the applicable" in its place.
§ 1955.103 [Amended]

310.Amend § 1955.103 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following definitions:

i. `Approval official';

ii. `Borrower';

iii. `Decent, safe, and sanitary (DSS) housing';

iv. `Eligible terms';

v. `Participating broker';

vi. `Program terms'; and

vii. `Regular sale';

b. In the definition of `CONACT or CONACT property', removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "the respective Agency" in
its place;

c. In the definitions of `Ineligible terms' and `Nonprogram (NP) terms',
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and adding
"Rural Development's" in its place;

d. In the definition of `Inventory property', removing "an FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 loan" and adding "a Rural Development loan" in
its place;

e. In the definition of `Nonprogram (NP) property', removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354"; and

f. Removing the definition of "Regular FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 sale", adding a definition for `Regular Agency sale' in alphabetical
order, and revising the definitions of `Suitable property' and `Surplus
property'. The revisions read as follows:
§ 1955.103 Definitions.

* * * * *

Regular Agency sale. Sale made by Rural Deveopment employees or real estate
brokers other than by sealed bid, auction, or negotiation.

* * * * *

Suitable property. Real property that could be used to carry out the objectives
of Rural Development's loan programs with financing provided through that
program.

Surplus property. Property that cannot be used to carry out the objectives of
financing available through the applicable loan program.
§§ 1955.104, 1955.112, 1955.113, 1955.121, 1955.128, 1955.132, 1955.134,
1955.136, and 1955.150 [Amended]

311.Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1955.104;

b. Section 1955.112;

c. Section 1955.113;

d. Section 1955.121;

e. Section 1955.128;

f. Section 1955.132;

g. Section 1955.134;

h. Section 1955.136(a)(2); and

i. Section 1955.150.
§ 1955.105 [Amended]

312.Amend § 1955.105 by:

a. In paragraph (b):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Services"
and adding "RD Services" in its place; and

b. In paragraphs (c) introductory text, (c)(1), (c)(3), and (d), removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development"
in its place.
§ 1955.109 [Amended]

313.Amend § 1955.109 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing the second and third sentences; and

b. In paragraphs (g) and (j), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1955.114 [Amended]

314.Amend § 1955.114 by:

a. In paragraphs (a) introductory text and (a)(1)(v), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place;

b. In paragraph (a)(2), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "unless FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "unless Rural Development"
in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(3)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural
Development office" in its place;

d. In paragraph (a)(4), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding Rural Development" in its place

e. In paragraph (b):

i. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 employee"
and adding "Rural Development employee" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

f. In paragraphs (c) introductroy text and (d), removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1955.115 [Amended]

315.Amend § 1955.115 by:

a. In the introductory text:

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 DSS" and
adding "Rural Development DSS" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-35" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(2):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "Rural Development will" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

d. In paragraphs (a)(3), and (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-35" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1955.116 [Amended]

316.Amend § 1955.116 by:

a. In paragraph (a):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "which FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 has"
and adding "which Rural Development has" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Contact FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "Contact Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place;

c. In paragraph (c):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "through Farmers Home Administration or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "through Rural Development" in its place; and

iii. Removing "the Farmers Home Administration or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its
place; and

d. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1955.117 [Amended]

317.Amend § 1955.117 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 sales" and adding "Rural
Development sales" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b), removing "The FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

d. In paragraphs (e) and (f), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1955.118 [Amended]

318.Amend § 1955.118 by:

a. In paragraphs (b)(1) and (b)(11), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b)(5), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural
Development office" in its place; and

c. In paragraphs (b)(7) and (b)(8)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1955.119 [Amended]

319.Amend § 1955.119 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 will" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development will" in its
place and removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "Form RD" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (c):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "Rural Development will" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 determines"
and adding "Rural Development determines" in its place;

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and
adding "Rural Development's" in its place.
§ 1955.120 [Amended]

320.Amend § 1955.120 by:

a. Removing "non-FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "non-Rural Development" in its place;

b. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever
it occurs and adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

c. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

d. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 official" and
adding "Rural Development official'' in its place.
§ 1955.122 [Amended]

321.Amend § 1955.122 by:

a. In paragraph (a):

i. Removing "of the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "of the Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Form" and
adding "Rural Development Form" in its place; and

iv. Removing "in FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "in Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b), removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "by Rural Development" in its place and removing "Form FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its
place;

c. In paragraph (c)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

d. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural
Development office" in its place; and

e. In paragraph (f), removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "to Rural Development" in its place;

f. In the undesignated paragraph following paragraph (f):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place.

322.Revise § 1955.123(a) to read as follows:
§ 1955.123 Sale procedures (chattel).

(a) Credit sales. Although cash sales are preferred in the sale of chattel,
credit sales may be used advantageously in the sale of chattels to eligible
purchasers and to facilitate sales of high-priced chattels. Credit sales to
eligible purchasers will be in accordance with the provisions of this chapter
for the appropriate program for which a loan would otherwise be made including
eligibility determinations. Preference will be given to a cash offer that is at
least * percent of the higher offer requiring credit. [*Refer to exhibit B of RD
Instruction 440.1 (available in any Rural Development office) for the current
percentage.] Credit sales made to ineligible purchasers will require not less
than a 10 percent downpayment with the remaining balance amortized over a period
not to exceed 5 years. The interest rate for ineligible purchasers of C&BP
chattel will be the current ineligible interest rate for C&BP property set forth
in Exhibit B of RD Instruction 440.1 (available in any Rural Development
office). District Directors and State Directors are authorized to approve or
disapprove sale of C&BP chattel on ineligible terms in accordance with the
respective type of program approval authorities in Exhibit E of Subpart A of
Part 1901 of this chapter (available in any Rural Development office). For other
than C&BP, credit sales to NP purchasers will be handled in accordance with
Subpart J of Part 1951 of this chapter.

* * * * *
§ 1955.124 [Amended]

323.Amend §§ 1955.124 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1955.127 [Amended]

324.Amend § 1955.127 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and by removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural
Development office" in its place.
§ 1955.130 [Amended]

325.Amend § 1955.130 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural
Development office" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and "Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(2), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" wherever it occurs and adding
"Rural Development office" in its place;

d. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place;

e. In paragraph (c) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

f. In paragraph (e) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and "Rural Development" in its
place;

g. In paragraph (e)(1)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.

h. In paragraph (f)(1)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

i. In paragraph (f)(3):

i. Removing "receiving FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "receiving Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "appropriate FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "appropriate Rural Development" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

j. In paragraph (g), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 shall" and adding "Rural Development shall" in its place and removing
"Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs
and adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1955.131 [Amended]

326.Amend § 1955.131 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural
Development office" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (b):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 may not" and
adding "Rural Development may not" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 official"
and adding "Rural Development official" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1955.133 [Amended]

327.Amend § 1955.133 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "if FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "if Rural Development" in its place and removing "Form FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its
place; and

b. In paragraphs (b) and (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1955.135 [Amended]

328.Amend § 1955.135 by:

a. In the introductory text:

i. Removing "Where FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Where Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "between FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "between Rural Development" in its place;

iii. Removing "Forms FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
1955-45 or FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"Forms RD 1955-45 or RD" in its place;

iv. Removing "paid by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "paid by Rural Development" in its place; and

v. Removing "proceeds FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "proceeds Rural Development" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (a), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 credit" and adding "Rural Development credit" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural
Development's" in its place.
§ 1955.138 [Amended]

329.Amend § 1955.138 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place.
§ 1955.139 [Amended]

330.Amend § 1955.139 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(3)(iii), removing "the FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(3)(iv), removing "the FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its
place; and

c. In paragraphs (a)(3)(v) and (vi), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1955.144 [Amended]

331.Amend § 1955.144(b) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and "the Farmers Home Administration or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in their place.
§ 1955.146 [Amended]

332.Amend § 1955.146(a) by:

a. Removing "sold by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "sold by Rural Development" in its place;

b. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
wherever it occurs and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

c. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office"
wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

d. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

e. Removing "Forms FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 1955-40
or FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Forms RD
1955-40 or RD" in its place;

f. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 personnel"
and adding "Rural Development personnel" in its place; and

g. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 may contract"
and adding "Rural Development may contract" in its place.
§ 1955.147 [Amended]

333.Amend § 1955.147 by:

a. In the introductory text:

i. Removing "all FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "all Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will"
wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development will" in its place;

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

iv. Removing "payable to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "payable to Rural Development" in its place; and

v. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural
Development office" in its place; and

d. In paragraphs (d) and (e), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its
place.
PART 1956--DEBT SETTLEMENT Back to Top

334.The authority citation for part 1956 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 31 U.S.C. 3711; 42 U.S.C. 1480.
Subpart C--Debt Settlement--Community and Business Programs Back to Top
§ 1956.102 [Amended]

335.Amend § 1956.102(a) by removing "the Farmers Home Administration or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 (FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354)" and adding "the government" in its place and removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 personnel" and adding "Rural
Development personnel" in their place.

336.Revise § 1956.105(a), (f), (g), and (h) to read as follows:
§ 1956.105 Definitions.

(a) Settlement. The compromise, adjustment, cancellation, or chargeoff of a debt
owed to Rural Development. The term "settlement" is used for convenience in
referring to compromise, adjustment, cancellation, or chargeoff actions,
individually or collectively.

* * * * *

(f) Debtor. The borrower of loan funds under any of Rural Development programs
specified in § 1956.101.

(g) Security. All that serves as collateral for Rural Development loan(s),
including, but not limited to, revenues, tax levies, municipal bonds, and real
and chattel property.

(h) Servicing official. The Rural Development official who is primarily
responsible for servicing the account.

* * * * *
§§ 1956.109, 1956.110, 1956.130, 1956.138, 1956.142, and 1956.148 [Amended]

337.Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "RD" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1956.109(f);

b. Section 1956.110;

c. Section 1956.130;

d. Section 1956.138;

e. Section 1956.142(f); and

f. Section 1956.148.
§ 1956.111 [Amended]

338.Amend § 1956.111 introductory text and paragraph (a) by removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in
its place.
§ 1956.112 [Amended]

339.Amend § 1956.112(d) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1956.139 [Amended]

340.Amend § 1956.139 by:

a. In paragraph (d) introductory text:

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "Compromise Offer--FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Compromise Offer--Rural Development" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Adjustment Offer--FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Adjustment Offer--Rural Development" in its place; and

b. In paragraphs (d)(1) and (e), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1956.143 [Amended]

341.Amend § 1956.143 by:

a. In paragraph (a),

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following definitions:

A. `Debt writedown';

B. `Delinquent debtor';

C. `Eligibility'; and

D. `Operations review'; and

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and
adding "Rural Development's" in its place in the definition of `Net recovery
value';

b. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office"
wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Devleopment office" in its place in the
following places:

i. Paragraph (b) introductory text;

ii. Paragraphs (c)(1), (c)(3)(ii)(B), and (c)(3)(iv)(E)(1);

iii. Paragraphs (e)(1) introductory text, (e)(1)(iii), (e)(2) introductory text,
and (e)(2)(ii)(A);

iv. Paragraphs (f)(1) and (2);

v. Paragraph (g)(1) introductory text; and

vi. Paragraph (h).

c. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

i. Paragraphs (b)(3), (b)(6), and (b)(8);

ii. Paragraphs (c)(3)(i)(A) and (c)(3)(ii)(C);

iii. Paragraphs (e)(1)(i), (e)(2)(i), and (e)(2)(ii)(B); and

iv. Paragraph (g)(1)(ii);

d. In paragraphs (b)(7) and (c)(3)(iv)(B), removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its
place;

e. In paragraph (c)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing "to
FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "to Rural
Development" in its place;

f. In paragraphs (c)(3)(ii)(B) and (c)(3)(iv)(B)(1), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD
Instruction" in its place;

g. In paragraph (c)(3)(iv)(G)(2), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 approval" and adding "Rural
Development approval" in its place;

h. In paragraphs (d)(2), (f)(2), and (g)(3), removing "Form FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

i. In paragraph (e)(1)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354's approval" and adding "Rural Development's approval" in its place
and removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

j. In paragraph (e)(2)(ii)(A):

i. Removing "pay FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "pay Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "inform FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "inform Rural Development" in its place; and

iii. Removing "pay off FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "pay off Rural Development" in its place;

k. In paragraph (f)(1):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and adding
"Rural Development's" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 is" and
adding "Rural Development is" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

l. In paragraph (g)(1) introductory text:

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 becomes" and
adding "Rural Development becomes" in its place; and

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "Rural Development will" in its place; and

m. In paragraph (h), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 determines" and adding "Rural Development determines" in its place.

342.Revise § 1956.145 to read as follows:
§ 1956.145 Disposition of essential Rural Development records.

RD Instruction 2033-A (available in any Rural Development office) identifies an
"essential Rural Development record" as the original of any document or record
which provides evidence of indebtedness or obligation to RD and includes, but is
not limited to: promissory notes, assumption agreements and valuable documents,
such as bonds fully registered as to principal and interest.

(a) Essential Rural Development records evidencing debts settled by compromise,
completed adjustment or cancelled with application will be returned to the
debtor or to the debtors' legal representative. The appropriate legend, such as
"Satisfied by Approved Compromise," and the date of the final action will be
stamped or typed on the original document. This same information plus the date
the original document is returned to the debtor will be shown on a copy to be
placed in the debtor's case folder.

(b) Essential Rural Development records evidencing debts cancelled without
application will be placed in the debtor's case folder and disposed of pursuant
to RD Instruction 2033-A (available in any Rural Development office). However,
if the debtor requests the document(s), they must be stamped "Satisfied by
Approved Cancellation" and returned.

(c) Essential Rural Development records evidencing charged off debts will be
retained in the servicing office and will not be stamped or returned to the
debtor. They will be destroyed six years after chargeoff pursuant to RD
Instruction 2033-A (available in any Rural Development office).
§ 1956.147 [Amended]

343.Amend § 1956.147 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(1), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(4), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354";

c. In paragraph (b), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "owed FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "owed Rural Development"
in its place; and

d. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
PART 1957--ASSET SALES Back to Top

344.The authority citation for part 1957 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

Pub. L. 99-509, sec 2001(b)(1).
Subpart A--Rural Housing Asset Sales Back to Top
§ 1957.1 [Amended]

345.Amend § 1957.1 by:

a. Removing "Farmers Home Administration or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Housing Service (RHS)" in its place;

b. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "RHS" in its place; and

c. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and adding
"RHS's" in its place.
§§ 1957.2 and 1957.6 [Amended]

346.Amend §§ 1957.2 and 1957.6 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RHS" in its place.
PART 1962--PERSONAL PROPERTY Back to Top

347.The authority citation for part 1962 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 42 U.S.C. 1480.
Subpart A--Servicing and Liquidation of Chattel Security Back to Top
§ 1962.1 [Amended]

348.Amend § 1962.1 by removing "Farmers Home Administration or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 (FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354)" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1962.2 [Amended]

349.Amend § 1962.2 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1962.3 [Amended]

350.Amend § 1962.3 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1962.4 [Amended]

351.Amend § 1962.4 by:

a. In the definition of `Acquired chattel property,' removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "the government" in its
place;

b. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following definitions:

i. `Basic security';

ii. `Criminal action';

iii. 'Default'; and

iv. `Liquidation'.

c. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and adding
"Rural Development's" in its place in the following definitions:

i. `Civil action' and

ii. `Repossed property'.

d. Removing "Farmers Home Administration or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in
the definition of `Normal income security'.
§§ 1962.6, 1962.16, 1962.26, 1962.27, 1962.34, 1962.41, 1962.44, and 1962.46
[Amended]

352.Remove "Form FmHA" and "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever they occur and adding "Form RD" in their place in the
following places:

a. Section 1962.6;

b. Section 1962.16;

c. Section 1962.26;

d. Section 1962.27(c) introductory text and (d);

e. Section 1962.34(b)(3);

f. Section 1962.41;

g. Section 1962.44; and

h. Section 1962.46.
§ 1962.8 [Amended]

353.Amend § 1962.8 by removing "protect FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "protect Rural Development" in its place and by
removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"a Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1962.17 [Amended]

354.Amend § 1962.17 by removing "Form FmHA" wherever it occurs and adding "Form
RD" in its place and by removing "The FmHA has" in paragraph (d)(2)(ii) and
adding "Rural Development has" in its place.
§ 1962.18 [Amended]

355.Amend § 1962.18 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 1962.1" and adding "the applicable Agency form" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (b)(1), by:

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 1962-1"
and adding "the applicable Agency form" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 431-2" and
adding "RD 431-2" in its place; and

iii. Removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "to Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1962.19 [Amended]

356.Amend § 1962.19 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(1)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

d. In paragraph (b)(1)(iii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 holds" and adding "Rural Development holds" in its place and
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and adding
"Rural Development's" in its place; and

e. In paragraph (b)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1962.27 [Amended]

357.Amend § 1962.27 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(4), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 has" and adding "Rural Development has" in its place and removing
"borrower non FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"borrower nor Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (c)(1) and (c)(2) "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place; and

d. In paragraph (e), removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "to Rural Development" in its place and removing "Form FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding
"Form RD" in its place.
§ 1962.29 [Amended]

358.Amend § 1962.29 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(1):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "accepted by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "accepted by Rural Development" in its place; and

iii. Removing "paid by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354,
the County Supervisor may pay them as a petty purchase or as the bill of a
creditor of FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 in accordance
with FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instructions 2024-E,
copies of which are available in any FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 office." and adding "paid by Rural Development, the field office may
pay them in accordance to RD Instruction 2024-A, Exhibit D, Program Loan Cost
Expenses." in its place;

b. In paragraphs (a)(2) and (a)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its
place;

c. In paragraph (b) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place
and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

d. In paragraph (b)(4), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place.
§ 1962.34 [Amended]

359.Amend § 1962.34 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural Development office" in its place and
removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 410-1,
"Application for FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
Services," and adding "Form RD 410-1, "Application for RD Services," in its
place;

b. In paragraph (a)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(2):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "RD office" in its place; and
§ 1962.40 [Amended]

360.Amend § 1962.40(e)(1)(ii) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place.
§ 1962.41 [Amended]

361.Amend § 1962.41 by removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and "Form FmHA" wherever they occur and adding "Form RD" in their
place.
§ 1962.42 [Amended]

362.Amend § 1962.42 by:

a. In paragraphs (b)(2) and (b)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354";

b. In paragraph (c) introductory text, removing "by FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "by Rural Development" in its place and
removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever
it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

c. In paragraph (c)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 employee" and adding "Rural Development employee" in its place;

d. In paragraph (c)(3), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place, and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" wherever it occurs
and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

e. In paragraphs (c)(4)(ii) and (c)(6)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

f. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "RD" in its place in the following places:

i. Paragraphs (c)(5)(i) introductory text, (c)(5)(i)(A), (c)(5)(i)(B), and
(c)(5)(ii);

ii. Paragraph (c)(6)(ii) introductory text;

iii. Paragraph (c)(6)(ii)(A); and

iv. Paragraph (c)(7);

g. In paragraph (c)(8):

i. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

iii. Removing "and FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "and Rural Development" in its place; and

h. In paragraph (d), removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "a Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1962.45 [Amended]

363.Amend § 1962.45 by removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and by removing "by FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "by Rural Development" in
its place.
§ 1962.49 [Amended]

364.Amend § 1962.49 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

i. The introductory text;

ii. Paragraphs (b)(1)(v), (b)(2)(i), and (b)(2)(ii);

iii. Paragraphs (b)(3) introductory text and (b)(3)(i) through (b)(3)(iv);

iv. Paragraph (c) introductory text; and

v. Paragraphs (e)(2) introductory text, (e)(2)(i), and (e)(3) introductory text;

b. In paragraph (a):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 staff" and
adding "Rural Development staff" in its place;

c. In paragraph (b) introductory text:

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and adding
"Rural Development's" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "interests of FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "interests of Rural Development" in its place;

e. In paragraph (b)(1)(vi), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

f. In paragraph (c)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place and removing "wh=n
applicable" and adding "when applicable" in its place;

g. In paragraph (c)(3)(i):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 455-1" and
adding "RD 455-1" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 455-2" and
adding "RD 455-2" in its place;

iii. Removing "Forms FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 employee"
and adding "Rural Development employee" in its place; and

v. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 employees"
and adding "Rural Development employees" in its place;

h. In paragraphs (c)(3)(ii) introductory text and (e)(2)(ii), removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding
"RD" in its place;

i. In paragraph (c)(3)(ii)(A), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place and
removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"by Rural Development" in its place;

j. In paragraph (c)(3)(ii)(B), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

k. In paragraph (d), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 field office" wherever it occurs and
adding "Rural Development field office" in its place;

l. In paragraph (e) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 1951-9, Annual "Statement of Loan Account," and adding
"RD 1951-9, "Annual Statement of Loan Account," in its place; and

m. In paragraph (e)(1), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 field office" wherever it occurs and
adding "Rural Development field office" in its place.
PART 1980--GENERAL Back to Top

365.The authority citation for part 1980 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989.

Subpart E also issued under 7 U.S.C. 1932(a).
Subpart E--Business and Industrial Loan Program Back to Top
§ 1980.401 [Amended]

366.Amend § 1980.401(d) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.

367.Revise § 1980.405 to read as follows:
§ 1980.405 Rural areas.

The business financed with a B&I loan must be located in a rural area. Loans to
borrowers with facilities located in both rural and non-rural areas will be
limited to the amount necessary to finance the facility located in the eligible
rural area. Cooperatives that are headquartered in a non-rural area may be
eligible for a B&I loan if the loan is used for a project or venture that is
located in a rural area. Rural areas are any areas other than a city or town
that has a population of greater than 50,000 inhabitants; and the urbanized area
contiguous and adjacent to such a city or town, as defined by the U.S. Bureau of
the Census. For the purpose of this section:

(a) The population figure is obtained from the most recent decennial Census of
the United States (decennial Census). If the applicable population figure cannot
be obtained from the most recent decennial Census, RD will determine the
applicable population figure based on available population data; and

(b) An urbanized area means a densely populated territory as defined in the most
recent decennial Census or other Agency-accepted data source if not defined in
the most recent decennial Census.
§ 1980.411 [Amended]

368.Amend § 1980.411 by:

a. In paragraphs (a)(7) and (a)(11) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural
Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(12):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever
it occurs and adding "to Rural Development" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State" and
adding "Rural Development State" in its place; and

c. In paragraph (a)(13), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1980.412 [Amended]

369.Amend § 1980.412 by removing in the Administrative text at the end of the
section "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354".
§ 1980.413 [Amended]

370.Amend § 1980.413(a) introductory text by removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place.
§ 1980.414 [Amended]

371.Amend § 1980.414 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "to FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "to
Rural Development" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (b), removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "to Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1980.419 [Amended]

372.Amend § 1980.419 by removing from paragraph C. of the Admnistrative text
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 National Office" and
adding "Rural Development National Office" in its place and by removing "Form
FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in
its place.
§ 1980.420 [Amended]

373.Amend § 1980.420 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (d) introductory text:

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 informs" and
adding "Rural Development informs" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 determines"
and adding "Rural Development determines" in its place.
§ 1980.423 [Amended]

374.Amend § 1980.423 by:

a. In paragraphs (a) introductory text and (a)(2), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural
Development review" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(3), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 conditional Commitment For Guarantee," and adding "Form RD 449-14,
"Conditional Commitment for Guarantee," in its place and removing "Form FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 449-14" and adding "Form RD
449-14" in its place;

c. In paragraphs (a)(5), (a)(6) introductory text, and (b)(1), removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding
"Rural Development review" in its place;

d. In paragraph (b)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office" and adding "Rural
Development office" in its place; and

e. In the Administrative text at the end of the section, removing "Form FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place
and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loan" and
adding "Rural Development loan" in its place.
§ 1980.424 [Amended]

375.Amend § 1980.424 by:

a. In paragraphs (a) and (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (b) and (c), removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "a Rural Development" in its place; and

c. In the Administrative text at the end of the section, in its introductory
text and paragraphs A.3 and 5, B.2 and 4, and C, removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its
place.
§§ 1980.432 and 1980.433 [Amended]

376.Amend §§ 1980.432 and 1980.433 by removing in the Administrative text at the
end of the sections "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1980.434 [Amended]

377.Amend § 1980.434 by removing in the Administrative text at the end of the
section "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Official" and
adding "Rural Development official" in its place.
§ 1980.442 [Amended]

378.Amend § 1980.442 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "and Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1980.443 [Amended]

379.Amend § 1980.443 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

i. In paragraphs (a)(1), (a)(4)(i) introductory text, (a)(4)(i)(A)(4),
(a)(4)(i)(B), (a)(4)(i)(C), and (a)(4)(ii); and

ii. In paragraphs (b)(1), (b)(2) introductory text, (b)(2)(i), (b)(5), (b)(6),
and (b)(7)(iii); and

b. In the Administrative text at the end of the section:

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" from
paragraph A introductory text and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 at its" from
paragraph A.3 and adding "Rural Development at its" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 official"
from paragraph A.3 and adding "Rural Development official" in its place.
§ 1980.444 [Amended]

380.Amend § 1980.444(b) and (e) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1980.451 [Amended]

381.Amend § 1980.451 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "desiring FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 assistance" and adding "desiring assistance" in its place;
and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State" and
adding "Rural Development State" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

iii. Removing "between FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "between Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (c):

i. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

iv. Removing "SBA and FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "the Small Business Administration and the U.S. Department of Agriculture
Rural Development (Business and Industrial Loans)" in its place;

d. In paragraphs (d) introductory text, (d)(1), (d)(3) introductory text,
(d)(3)(iii) introductory text, and (d)(3)(iv)(A), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural
Development" in its place;

e. In paragraph (d)(3)(v):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354-assisted" and
adding "Rural Development-assisted" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loans" and
adding "Rural Development loans" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 funds" and
adding "Rural Development funds" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will
consider" and adding "Rural Development will consider" in its place;

f. Revising paragraph (d)(3)(vi);

g. In paragraph (e) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

h. In paragraph (f)(2), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

i. In paragraph (f)(3):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 449-4"
wherever it occurs and adding "RD 449-4" in its place;

ii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place; and

iii. Removing "result in FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "result in Rural Development" in its place;

j. In paragraph (g), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place, and
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and adding
"Rural Development's" in its place;

k. In paragraph (h), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 will submit Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
449-22" and adding "Rural Development will submit Form RD 449-22" in its place;

l. In paragraphs (i)(1), (i)(2), (i)(3), and (i)(10), removing "Form FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form
RD" in its place;

m. In paragraphs (i)(7), (i)(9), (i)(13)(viii), (i)(13)(x), and (i)(15),
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"Rural Development" in its place;

n. In paragraph (i)(13) introductory text, removing "FmHA" wherever it occurs
and adding "RD" in its place;

o. In paragraph (i)(18)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 solicits" and adding "Rural Development solicits" in its place and
removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"Form RD" in its place;

p. In paragraph (i)(18)(ii):

i. Removing "If FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "If Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "Rural Development will" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

q. In paragraph (i)(19), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

r. In paragraphs (j) and (k), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

s. In the Administrative text at the end of the section:

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs in paragraphs A.3 through 5, A.6(a) through (c), and B.3(b)
and (c), and adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 with" in
paragraphs A.3 and 4 and adding "Rural Development with" in its place;

iii. Removing "whom FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph A.4 and adding "whom Rural Development" in its place;

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
wherever it occurs in paragraphs A.5 and B.5 and adding "RD Instruction" in its
place;

v. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 449-4" in
paragraph A.6(c) and the note to paragraph A.6 and adding "RD 449-4" in its
place;

vi. Removing "Forms FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
the note to paragraph A.6 and adding "Forms RD" in its place;

vii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
449-29, "Project Summary--Business Industrial Loan Division," in paragraph
B.3.(b) and adding "A Project Summary" in its place;

viii. Removing "Copy of FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
in paragraph B.3.(d) and adding "Copy of Rural Development" in its place;

ix. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" in
paragraph B.5 and adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

x. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 employees" in
paragraph B.5 and adding "Rural Development employees" in its place;

xi. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" in
paragraph B.5 and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

xii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 position"
in paragraph B.5 and adding "Rural Development position" in its place;

xiii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 urges" in
paragraph B.6 and adding "Rural Development urges" in its place;

xiv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 audit" in
paragraph B.6 and adding "Rural Development audit" in its place;

xv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs in the Description of Record or Form Number and Title table at the end of
the Administrative text section and adding "RD" in its place; and

xvi. Removing "449-29" in the Description of Record or Form Number and Title
table at the end of the Administrative text section and adding "449-29
(obsolete)" in its place.

The revision reads as follows:
§ 1980.451 Filing and processing applications.

* * * * *

(d) * * *

(3) * * *

(vi) Indexation. When current annual data are not available to determine a
State's nonmetropolitan household income for purposes of the calculations
described in paragraph (d)(3)(iii) of this section, indexation of census data is
necessary. The State Director will use the figure from the 5-year data from the
American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other Census Bureau data,
increased by a factor representing the increase since the year of that census in
the Consumer Price Index ("CPI-U"). That factor shall be furnished annually by
the National Office, Rural Development.

* * * * *
§ 1980.452 [Amended]

382.Amend § 1980.452 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 evaluation"
from the section heading and adding "Rural Development evaluation" in its place;

b. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will"
wherever it occurs in the introductory text and adding "Rural Development will"
in its place;

c. Removing "If FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever
it occurs in the introductory text and adding "If Rural Development" in its
place;

d. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs in the introductory text and adding "Form RD" in its place;

e. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State" in the
introductory text, and adding "Rural Development State" in its place; and

f. In the Administrative text at the end of the section:

i. Removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State" in
paragraph D. introductory text, and adding "a Rural Development State" in its
place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs in paragraphs D. introductory text, D.6 introductory text,
D.6.a, b, and d, and d.7, and adding "Form RD" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 employees"
in paragraph D. introductory text and adding "Rural Development employees" in
its place;

iv. Removing "non-FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph D.2 and adding "non-Rural Development" in its place;

v. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
in paragraphs D.2 and D.6.d and e, and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

vi. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office" in
paragraphs D.2 and D.6.d and e, and "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural Development office" in their place;

vii. Removing "the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State"
in paragraphs D. introductory text and D.3 and adding "the Rural Development
State" in its place;

viii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 programs"
wherever it occurs in paragraph D.3 and adding "Rural Development programs" in
its place;

ix. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 as a" in
paragraph D.3 and adding "Rural Development as a" in its place;

x. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 case" in
paragraph D.6 introductory text and adding "Rural Development case" in its
place; and

xi. Removing "Legislative Affairs and Public Information staff in the National
Office" in paragraph D.6.d and adding "Legislative and Public Affairs Staff in
the Rural Development National Office" in its place.
§ 1980.453 [Amended]

383.Amend § 1980.453 by:

a. In paragraph (a):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State" and
adding "Rural Development State" in its place; and

iii. Removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "to Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

c. In the Administrative text at the end of the section:

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 449-29"
and adding "the Project Summary" in its place; and

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

iii. Removing "2. A copy of FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 State Loan Review Board Minutes" and adding "3. A copy of Rural
Development State Loan Review Board Minutes" in its place.
§ 1980.454 [Amended]

384.Amend § 1980.454 by:

a. In paragraph (a):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State" and
adding "Rural Development State" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

iii. Removing "provide FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "provide Rural Development" in its place; and

iv. Removing "approved by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "approved by Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "Rural Development will" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "approved by the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 National Office" and adding "approved by the National Office" in its
place;

c. In paragraph (c), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing
"intent of FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"intent of Rural Development" in its place;

d. In paragraphs (e) and (f), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its
place; and

e. In the Administrative text at the end of the section:

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "Inspection Reports" in paragraph A.2 and adding "Inspection
Report" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 personnel"
in paragraph C. and adding "Rural Development personnel" in its place; and

iv. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph F. and adding "by Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1980.469 [Amended]

385.Amend § 1980.469 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 of" and adding "Rural Development (RD) of" in its place and removing
"Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form
RD" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (a)(1), (c) introductory text, and (c)(1), removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in
its place; and

c. In the Administrative text at the end of the section:

i. Removing "Refer to appendix G of this subpart (available in any FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office)" in the introductory text and
adding "Refer to RD Instruction 1980-E, Appendix G, Liquidation and Property
Management Guide (available in any RD office)" in its place;

ii. Removing "which FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph B.1 and adding "which Rural Development" in its place;

iii. Removing "approved by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" in paragraph B.1 and adding "approved by Rural Development" in its
place;

iv. Removing "the time FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs in paragraphs B.2 and C.4 and adding "the time Rural
Development" in its place;

v. Removing "occurs FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph B.2 and adding "occurs Rural Development" in its place;

vi. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
in paragraph B.3 and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

vii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" in
paragraph B.3 and adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

viii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 staff" in
paragraph B.3 and adding "Rural Development staff" in its place;

ix. Removing "If FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraphs B.3 and 5 and adding "If Rural Development" in its place;

x. Removing "claim to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs in paragraphs B.3 and 4 and adding "claim to Rural
Development" in its place;

xi. Removing "guaranteed by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" in paragraph B.3 and adding "guaranteed by Rural Development" in its
place;

xii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 was
deceived" in paragraph B.6 and adding "Rural Development was deceived" in its
place;

xiii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 could
then" in paragraph B.7 and adding "Rural Development could then" in its place;

xiv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 personnel"
in paragraph C.2 and adding "Rural Development personnel" in its place;

xv. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraphs C.3.(d) and C.4 and adding "Form RD" in its place;

xvi. Removing "noted by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
in paragraph C.4 and adding "noted by Rural Development" in its place;

xvii. Removing "statements for FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" in paragraph C.5 and adding "statements for Rural Development" in its
place;

xviii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 in turn"
in paragraph C.5 and adding "Rural Development in turn" in its place;

xix. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" in
paragraph C.5 and adding "Rural Development's" in its place; and

xx. Removing "borrower and FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" in paragraph C.6 and adding "borrower, and Rural Development" in its
place.
§ 1980.470 [Amended]

386.Amend the Administrative text at the end of § 1980.470 by:

a. Removing "Refer to appendix G of this subpart (available in any FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office)" from the introductory text
and adding "Refer to RD Instruction 1980-E, Appendix G, Liquidation and Property
Management Guide (available in any Rural Development office)" in its place;

b. Removing "by the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph A. and adding "by the Rural Development" in its place;

c. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph A. and adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

d. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraphs B. and D. and adding "Form RD" in its place;

e. Removing "risks of the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
in paragraph B. and adding "risks of Rural Development" in its place;

f. Removing "the lender and FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" in paragraph B. and adding "the lender and Rural Development" in its
place;

g. Removing "when FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph D. and adding "when Rural Development" in its place;

h. Removing "will FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 endorse"
in paragraph D. and adding "will Rural Development endorse" in its place; and

i. Removing "assist FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph F. and adding "assist Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1980.471 [Amended]

387.Amend § 1980.471 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "Refer to appendix G of this subpart
(available in any FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office)"
and adding "Refer to RD Instruction 1980-E, Appendix G, Liquidation and Property
Management Guide (available in any Rural Development office)" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (a)(1) and (a)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

c. In the Administrative text at the end of the section:

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 personnel" in
paragraph A. and adding "Rural Development personnel" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" in
paragraph B. and adding "Rural Development will" in its place;

iii. Removing "between FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph B. and adding "between Rural Development" in its place;

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 consider" in
paragraph B. and adding "Rural Development consider" in its place;

v. Removing "When FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
liquidates," in paragraph B. and adding "When Rural Development liquidates," in
its place;

vi. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs in paragraphs B. and E. and adding "Form RD" in its place;

vii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 is" in
paragraph D. and adding "Rural Development is" in its place;

viii. Removing "499-30" in paragraph E. and adding "449-30" in its place;

ix. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 to" in
paragraph F. and adding "by Rural Development to" in its place; and

x. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 guaranteed
loan" in paragraph F. and adding "Rural Development guaranteed loan" in its
place.
§ 1980.472 [Amended]

388.Amend § 1980.472 by removing "Refer to appendix G of this subpart (available
in any FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office)" and adding
"Refer to RD Instruction 1980-E, Appendix G, Liquidation and Property Management
Guide (available in any Rural Development office)" in its place.
§ 1980.473 [Amended]

389.Amend § 1980.473 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1980.475 [Amended]

390.Amend § 1980.475 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(6), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's opinion, FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Rural Development's opinion, Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

d. In the Administrative text at the end of the section:

i. Removing "Refer to appendix G of this subpart (available in any FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office)" in the introductory text and
adding "Refer to RD Instruction 1980-E, Appendix G, Liquidation and Property
Management Guide (available in any Rural Development office)" in its place;

ii. Removing "that FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph A. and adding "that Rural Development" in its place;

iii. Removing "advising FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
in paragraph F. and adding "advising Rural Development" in its place;

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 servicing"
wherever it occurs in paragraphs F. and H. and adding "Rural Development
servicing" in its place; and

v. Removing "actions FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph H. and adding "actions Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1980.476 [Amended]

391.Amend § 1980.476 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"Rural Development" in its place wherever it occurs in the following places:

i. Paragraph (a);

i. Paragraphs (e) introductory text, (e)(1), (e)(2), (g)(2)(i), and (g)(2)(iii);

ii. Paragraph (h);

iii. Paragraph (i);

iv. Paragraph (j);

v. Paragraph (l);

vi. Paragraph (m) introductory text; and

vii. Paragraph (n);

b. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"Form RD" in its place;

c. In paragraph (p), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing
"Form 449-30" and adding "Form RD 449-30" in its place; and

d. In the Administrative text at the end of the section:

i. Removing "Refer to appendix G of this subpart (available in any FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office)" and adding "Refer to RD
Instruction 1980-E, Appendix G, Liquidation and Property Management Guide
(available in any Rural Development office)" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 file" in
paragraph B. and adding "Rural Development file" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph B. wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1980.481 [Amended]

392.Amend § 1980.481 introductory text by removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in
its place.
§ 1980.488 [Amended]

393.Amend § 1980.488(a) and (b), and the administrative text at the end of the
section by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1980.490 [Amended]

394.Amend § 1980.490 by:

a. In paragraphs (d)(1) through (d)(4), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in
its place;

b. In paragraph (f)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place;

c. In paragraph (f)(2):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "Rural Development will" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 449-29"
and adding "the Project Summary" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

d. In paragraph (f)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 will" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development will" in its
place and removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
1980-48" and adding "Form 1980-48" in its place;

e. In paragraph (f)(4):

i. Removing "from FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "from Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
1980-23, "Request for Business and Industry Interest Buydown Payment," and
adding "Form RD 1980-24, "Request Interest Assistance/Interest Rate Buydown
Subsidy Payment to Guaranteed Loan Lender," in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 servicing
office" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development servicing office" in
its place;

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 regulations"
and adding "Rural Development regulations" in its place; and

v. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 1980-48"
and adding "Form 1980-48" in its place;

f. In paragraph (g), removing "When FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "When Rural Development" in its place and removing "Form
FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 1980-23" and adding "Form
RD 1980-24" in its place;

g. In paragraphs (n) introductory text, (n)(4), and (n)(5), removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

h. In paragraphs (p)(4) introductory text and (p)(5)(iii), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place; and

i. In paragraph (p)(4)(ii), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 1980-25, "Farmer Programs Applications," or FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 449-1" and adding "Form RD 449-1" in
its place.

395.Revise § 1980.495 to read as follows:
§ 1980.495 RD forms and guides.

The following RD forms and guides, as applicable, are used in connection with
processing B&I, D&D, and DARBE loan guarantees; they are incorporated in this
subpart and made a part hereof:

(a) Form RD 449-1. "Application for Loan and Guarantee" is referred to as
"Appendix A," or successor form,

(b) The "Certificate of Incumbency and Signature" or successor form,

(c) "Guidelines for Loan Guarantees for Alcohol Fuel Production Facilities" is
referred to as "Appendix C."

(d) "Alcohol Production Facilities Planning, Performing, Development and Project
Control" is referred to as "Appendix D."

(e) "Environmental Assessment Guidelines" is referred to as "Appendix E."

(f) Form RD 449-14, "Conditional Commitment for Guarantee," or successor form.

(g) "Liquidation and Property Management Guide" as found in RD Instruction
1980-E Appendix G.

(h) "Suggested Format for the Opinion of the Lender's Legal Counsel" is referred
to as "Appendix H."

(i) "Instructions for Loan Guarantees for Drought and Disaster Relief" and Forms
RD 1980-68, "Lender's Agreement--Drought and Disaster Guaranteed Loans,"
1980-69, "Loan Note Guarantee--Drought and Disaster Guaranteed Loans," and
1980-70, "Assignment Guarantee Agreement--Drought and Disaster Guaranteed
Loans," or their successor forms.

(j) [Reserved]

(k) "Regulations for Loan Guarantees for Disaster Assistance for Rural Business
Enterprises" and Forms RD 1980-71, "Lender's Agreement--Disaster Assistance for
Rural Business Enterprises Guaranteed Loans," 1980-72 "Loan Note
Guarantee--Disaster Assistance for Rural Business Enterprises Guaranteed Loans,"
and 1980-73 "Assignment Guarantee Agreement--Disaster Assistance for Rural
Business Enterprises Guaranteed Loans" or their successor forms.
§ 1980.497 [Amended]

396.Amend § 1980.497 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "Refer to appendix G of this subpart
(available in any FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office)"
and adding "Refer to RD Instruction 1980-E, Appendix G, Liquidation and Property
Management Guide (available in any Rural Development office)" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (a), (b) introductory text, (c), and (d)(1), removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding
"Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraphs (b)(2) introductory text and (b)(3), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in
its place;

d. In paragraphs (d)(2) and (d)(7) through (d)(9), removing "Form FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;
and

e. In paragraph (f):

i. Removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "to Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "BENEFIT OF FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "benefit of RURAL DEVELOPMENT" in its place; and

iii. Removing "UNDER FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "UNDER RURAL DEVELOPMENT" in its place.
§ 1980.498 [Amended]

397.Amend § 1980.498 by:

a. In paragraphs (k) introductory text, (k)(4), and (k)(5), removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

b. In paragraph (m)(5) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

c. In paragraph (m)(5)(iii), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 410-1, "Application for FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 Services," or Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 449-1" and adding "Form RD 449-1" in its place.
Appendices A and B to Subpart E of Part 1980 [Removed and Reserved] Back to Top

398.Appendices A and B to Subpart E of Part 1980 are removed and reserved.
Appendix D to Subpart E of Part 1980 [Amended] Back to Top

399.Amend Appendix D to Subpart E of Part 1980 by removing:

a. "the Farmers Home Administration or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 (FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354)" in paragraph
(I)(B) and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs in
paragraphs (I)(B)(2)(a), (II)(A)(2)(g)(ii), (III)(A)(2), (III)(E) introductory
text, (III)(E)(2), (III)(G), (IV)(A), and (IV)(B)(1) and adding "Rural
Development" in its place; and

c. "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in paragraph
(IV)(B)(3) and adding "Form RD" in its place.
Appendix E to Subpart E of Part 1980 [Amended] Back to Top

400.Amend Appendix E to Subpart E of Part 1980 by removing:

a. "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's position" in
paragraph (I) and adding "Rural Development's position" in its place;

b. "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 action" in
paragraph (II) and adding "a Rural Development action" in its place; and

c. "the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 action" wherever
it occurs in paragraph (II) and adding "the Rural Development action" in its
place;

d. "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 project" in paragraph
(IV)(2) and adding "Rural Development project" in its place;

e. "or FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in paragraph
(XIII) and adding "or Rural Development" in its place; and

f. "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in paragraph
(XVII) and adding "by Rural Development" in its place.
Appendix F to Subpart E of Part 1980 [Removed and Reserved] Back to Top

401.Appendix F to subpart E of Part 1980 is removed and reserved.

402.Amend Appendix I to Subpart E of Part 1980 by:

a. Removing ", and appear in the Federal Register following the body of this
appendix as Exhibits A, B, and C in the following order" in paragraph A.
introductory text;

b. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraphs X.D and X.F and adding "Form RD" in its place;

c. Removing "will be used" in paragraphs A.(1) through (3), IV., and E.1 and 2,
and adding "or successor form will be used" in its place;

d. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will not" in
paragraph D. introductory text, and adding "Rural Development will not" in its
place;

e. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph D.(2) and adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

f. Removing "are FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph J. and adding "are Rural Development" in its place;

g. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 has" in
paragraph J. and adding "Rural Development has" in its place; and

h. Removing Exhibits A through C.
Appendix K to Subpart E of Part 1980 [Amended] Back to Top

403.Amend Appendix K to Subpart E of Part 1980 by:

a. Removing ", and appear in the Federal Register following the body of this
appendix as exhibits A, B, and C in the following order" in the introductory
text;

b. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs in paragraphs A.(1) through (3) and G. and adding "Form RD"
in its place;

c. Removing "will be used" in paragraphs A.(1) thorugh (3) and adding "or
successor form will be used" in its place;

d. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 insruction" wherever
they occur in paragraphs B. through F., H., J., and K. and adding "RD
Instruction" in their place;

e. Removing "other FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354-type
farm loan" in paragraph C. and adding "other Rural Development-type farm loan"
in its place;

f. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" in
paragraph D. and adding "Rural Development will" in its place;

g. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph D. and adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

h. Removing "will FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph D. and adding "will Rural Development" in its place;

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" in
paragraph F. and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

j. Removing "Guarantee DARBE," issued on" in paragraph G. and adding "Guarantee
DARBE, " (or successor form) issued on" in its place;

k. Removing "are FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph J. and adding "are Rural Development" in its place;

l. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 guaranteed
loans" in paragraph J. and adding "Rural Development guaranteed loans" in its
place;

m. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 has" and
adding "Rural Development has" in paragraph J. in its place; and

n. Removing Exhibits A through C.
Exhibit G to Subpart E of Part 1980 [Amended] Back to Top

404.Amend the Note to Exhibit G to Subpart E of Part 1980 by removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in
its place.
CHAPTER XXXV--RURAL HOUSING SERVICE, DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Back to Top
PART 3550--DIRECT SINGLE FAMILY HOUSING LOANS AND GRANTS Back to Top

405.The authority citation for part 3550 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 42 U.S.C. 1480.
Subpart C--Section 504 Origination and Section 306C Water and Waste Disposal
Grants Back to Top
§ 3550.103 [Amended]

406.Amend § 3550.103(g) by removing "FmHA" and adding "RD" in its place.

407.In § 3550.116, revise paragraph (c) to read as follows:
§ 3550.116 Definitions applicable to WWD grants only.

* * * * *

(c) Rural areas. Includes unincorporated areas and any city or town with a
population not in excess of 10,000 inhabitants. The population figure is
obtained from the most recent decennial Census of the United States (decennial
Census). If the applicable population figure cannot be obtained from the most
recent decennial Census, RD will determine the applicable population figure
based on available population data.

* * * * *
PART 3560--DIRECT MULTI-FAMILY HOUSING LOANS AND GRANTS Back to Top

408.The authority citation for part 3560 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

42 U.S.C. 1480.
Subpart A--General Provisions and Definitions Back to Top
§ 3560.11 [Amended]

409.In § 3560.11, revise the definition of "Rural area" to read as follows:
§ 3560.11 Definitions.

* * * * *

Rural area. An area classified as a rural area prior to October 1, 1990, (even
if within a Metropolitan Statistical Area), and any area deemed to be a `rural
area' under any other provision of law at any time during the period beginning
January 1, 2000, and ending December 31, 2010, shall continue to be so
classified until the receipt of data from the decennial census in the year 2020
if such area has a population exceeding 10,000, but not in excess of 35,000, is
rural in character, and has a serious lack of mortgage credit for low- and
moderate-income families.

* * * * *
Subpart B--Direct Loan and Grant Origination Back to Top
§ 3560.57 [Amended]

410.Amend § 3560.57(c) by removing "most recent census data, or" and adding
"most recent decennial Census of the United States, or" in its place.
PART 3570--COMMUNITY PROGRAMS Back to Top

411.The authority citation for part 3570 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989.

412.Revise § 3570.51(h) to read as follows:
§ 3570.51 General.

* * * * *

(h) The income data used to determine median household income must be that which
accurately reflects the income of the population to be served by the proposed
facility. The median household income of the service area and the
nonmetropolitan median household income for the State will be determined using
5-year income data from the American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other
Census Bureau data. If there is reason to believe that the ACS or other Census
Bureau data does not accurately represent the median household income within the
area to be served, this will be documented and the applicant may furnish, or RD
may obtain, additional information regarding such median household income data.
Information must consist of reliable data from local, regional, State, or
Federal sources or from a survey conducted by a reliable impartial source.

* * * * *

413.In § 3570.53, revise the definition of "Rural and rural area" to read as
follows:
§ 3570.53 Definitions.

* * * * *

Rural and rural area. For fiscal year 1999, the terms "rural" and "rural area"
include a city or town with a population of 20,000 or less inhabitants. There is
no limitation placed on population in open rural areas. After fiscal year 1999,
the terms "rural" and "rural area" include a city, town, or unincorporated area
that has a population of 50,000 inhabitants or less, other than an urbanized
area immediately adjacent to a city, town, or unincorporated area that has a
population in excess of 50,000 inhabitants. The population figures are obtained
from the most recent decennial Census of the United States (decennial Census).
If the applicable population figures cannot be obtained from the most recent
decennial Census, RD will determine the applicable population figures based on
available population data.

* * * * *
PART 3575--GENERAL Back to Top

414.The authority citation for part 3575 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301, 7 U.S.C. 1989.
Subpart A--Community Programs Guaranteed Loans Back to Top

415.In § 3575.2, revise the definition of "Rural and rural area" to read as
follows:
§ 3575.2 Definitions.

* * * * *

Rural and rural area. The terms "rural" and "rural area" mean a city, town, or
unincorporated area that has a population of 50,000 inhabitants or less, other
than an urbanized area immediately adjacent to a city, town, or unincorporated
area that has a population in excess of 50,000 inhabitants. The population
figure is obtained from the most recent decennial Census of the United States
(decennial Census). If the applicable population figure cannot be obtained from
the most recent decennial Census, RD will determine the applicable population
figure based on available population data.

* * * * *
CHAPTER XLII--RURAL BUSINESS-COOPERATIVE SERVICE AND RURAL UTILITIES SERVICE,
DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Back to Top
PART 4274--DIRECT AND INSURED LOANMAKING Back to Top

416.The authority citation for part 4274 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1932 note; 7 U.S.C. 1989.

417.In § 4274.302(a), remove the defintion of "Rural or rural area" and add the
definition of "Rural area" in alphabetical order to read as follows:
§ 4274.302 Definitions and abbreviations.

(a) * * *

Rural area. All territory of a State that is not within the outer boundary of
any city having a population of 25,000 or more. The population figure is
obtained from the most recent decennial Census of the United States (decennial
Census). If the applicable population figure cannot be obtained from the most
recent decennial Census, RD will determine the applicable population figure
based on available population data.

* * * * *

418.In § 4274.344, revise paragraphs (c)(2) introductory text and (c)(2)(vi)
introductory text to read as follows:
§ 4274.344 Filing and processing applications for loans.

* * * * *

(c) * * *

(2) Employment. For computations under this paragraph, income data should be
5-year income data from the American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other
Census Bureau data, updated according to changes in the consumer price index. If
there is reason to believe that the ACS or other Census Bureau data does not
accurately represent the median household income of the service area, the
reasons will be documented and the borrower may furnish, or RD may obtain,
additional information regarding such median household income data. Information
must consist of reliable data from local, regional, State or Federal sources or
from a survey conducted by a reliable impartial source. The poverty line used
will be as defined in section 673 (2) of the Community Services Block Grant Act
(42 U.S.C. 9902(2)). Unemployment data used will be that published by the Bureau
of Labor Statistics, U.S. Department of Labor.

* * * * *

(vi) The population of the service area according to the most recent decennial
Census was lower than that recorded by the previous decennial Census (or as
equivalently determined using another data source if the other data source was
used in determining whether the area was rural) by the following percentage:

* * * * *
PART 4279--GUARANTEED LOANMAKING Back to Top

419.The authority citation for part 4279 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1932(a); and 7 U.S.C. 1989.
Subpart A--General Back to Top

420.In § 4279.2, revise the definition of "Poor" to read as follows:
§ 4279.2 Definitions and abbreviations.

* * * * *

Poor. A community or area is considered poor if either the county, city, or
census tract where the community or area is located has a median household
income at or below the poverty line for a family of four; has a median household
income below the nonmetropolitan median household income for the State; or has a
population of which 25 percent or more have income at or below the poverty line.
The determination of "poor" will be based on 5-year data from the American
Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other Census Bureau data. If there is
reason to believe that the ACS or other Census Bureau data does not accurately
represent the median household income of the community or area, the reasons will
be documented and the borrower may furnish, or RD may obtain, additional
information regarding such median household income data. Information must
consist of reliable data from local, regional, State or Federal sources or from
a survey conducted by a reliable impartial source.

* * * * *
PART 4280--LOANS AND GRANTS Back to Top

421.The authority citation for part 4280 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 904c; 7 U.S.C. 8107.
Subpart A--Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant Program Back to Top

422.In § 4280.3, remove the definition of "Rural area" and add the definition of
"Rural or rural area" in alphabetical order to read as follows:
§ 4280.3 Definitions.

* * * * *

Rural or rural area. See 7 U.S.C. 1991(a)(13)(A) and (D) et seq.

* * * * *

423.Revise § 4280.42(b)(7) to read as follows:
§ 4280.42 Application evaluation and selection.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(7) Decline in population for the county where the Project is physically
located. If there has been a decline in population in the county where the
Project will be located over the time period covered by the two most recent
decennial Censuses to the present (or equivalent time frame if using a data
source other than the decennial Census), Rural Development will award 10 points.

* * * * *
Subpart B--Rural Energy for America Program General Back to Top
§ 4280.103 [Amended]

424.Amend § 4280.103 by removing "the latest decennial census" in the
introductory text to the definition of "Rural or rural area" and adding "the
most recent decennial Census" in its place.
Subpart D--Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program Back to Top

425.In § 4280.302(a), revise the first sentence of the definition of "Rural or
rural area" to read as follows:
4280.302 Definitions and abbreviations.

(a) * * *

Rural or rural area. Any area of a State not in a city or town that has a
population of more than 50,000 inhabitants, according to the most recent
decennial Census of the United States (decennial Census), and the contiguous and
adjacent urbanized area, and any area that has been determined to be "rural in
character" by the Under Secretary for Rural Development, or as otherwise
identified in this definition.

* * *

* * * * *
§ 4280.316 [Amended]

426.Amend § 4280.316(b)(1)(v) by removing "the latest applicable decennial
census" and adding "the most recent decennial Census" in its place.
PART 4284--GRANTS Back to Top

427.The authority citation for part 4284 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301 and 7 U.S.C. 1989.

Subpart F also issued under 7 U.S.C. 1932(e).

Subpart G also issued under 7 U.S.C. 1926(a)(11).

Subpart J also issued under 7 U.S.C. 1621 note.

Subpart K also issued under 7 U.S.C. 1621 note.
Subpart A--General Requirements for Cooperative Service Grant Programs Back to
Top
§ 4284.3 [Amended]

428.Amend § 4284.3 by removing "the latest decennial census" in the definition
of "rural and rural area" and adding "the most recent decennial Census" in its
place.
Subpart G--Rural Business Opportunity Grants Back to Top

429.In § 4284.603, revise the definitions of "long-term" and "rural and rural
area" to read as follows:
§ 4284.603 Definitions.

* * * * *

Long-term. The period of time covered by the three most recent decennial
Censuses of the United States to the present.

* * * * *

Rural and rural area. Any area other than a city or town that has a population
of greater than 50,000 inhabitants including the urbanized area contiguous and
adjacent to such a city or town. The population figure used must be in
accordance with the most recent decennial Census of the United States.

* * * * *
PART 4288--PAYMENT PROGRAMS Back to Top

430.The authority citation for part 4288 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989.
Subpart A--Repowering Assistance Payments to Eligible Biorefineries Back to Top
§ 4288.2 [Amended]

431.Amend § 4288.2 by removing "the latest decennial census" in the introductory
text of the definition of "Rural or rural area" and adding "the most recent
decennial Census" in its place.
PART 4290--RURAL BUSINESS INVESTMENT COMPANY ("RBIC") PROGRAM Back to Top

432.The authority citation for part 4290 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

7 U.S.C. 1989 and 209cc et seq.
Subpart B--Definition of Terms Used in Part 4290 Back to Top

433.In § 4290.50, revise the introductory text of the definition of "Rural Area"
and revise the definition of "Urban Area" to read as follows:
§ 4290.50 Definition of terms.

* * * * *

Rural Area means any area of a State not in a city or town that has a population
of more than 50,000 inhabitants, according to the most recent decennial Census
of the United States (decennial Census), or in the urbanized area contiguous and
adjacent to a city or town that has a population of more than 50,000
inhabitants, and any area that has been determined to be "rural in character" by
the Under Secretary for Rural Development, or as otherwise identified in this
definition.

* * * * *

Urban Area means an area containing a city (or its equivalent), or any
equivalent geographic area determined by the Census Bureau and adopted by the
Secretary for purposes of this definition (about which the Secretary will
publish a document in the Federal Register from time to time), which had a
population of over 150,000 in the most recent decennial Census and the urbanized
areas containing or adjacent to that city, both as determined by the Bureau of
the Census for the most recent decennial Census.

* * * * *
end regulatory text

Dated: January 15, 2015.

Lisa Mensah,

Under Secretary, Rural Development.

Dated: January 23, 2015.

Michael Scuse,

Under Secretary, Farm and Foreign Agricultural Services.


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               3 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 28, 2015 Saturday

Rural Development: FmHA and Census References

LENGTH: 59924  words


Washington, D.C.: This Rule document was issued by the Rural Business
Cooperative Service (RBS)

Action

Direct final rule.
Summary

Rural Development (RD) is amending its regulations by updating references to the
Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) and clarifying and updating references to the
census data. These actions will provide consistency in terminology between
program regulations. In addition, clarifying and updating references to census
data is needed to account for changes to the decennial Census, which, starting
with the 2010 decennial Census is no longer reporting income and unemployment
data. Additional revisions are being implemented to show the regulations that do
not apply to the Farm Service Agency (FSA) and to remove outdated or unnecessary
language.
Dates

This rule will become effective April 27, 2015 without further action unless the
Agency receives significant written adverse comments or written notices of
intent to submit adverse comments on or before March 26, 2015. If the Agency
receives significant adverse comments or notices, the Agency will publish a
timely notice in theFederal Registerwithdrawing those provisions on which
adverse comment were received.
Addresses

You may submit adverse comments or notice of intent to submit adverse comments
to this rule by any of the following methods:

Federal eRulemaking Portal: http://www.regulations.gov. Follow the instructions
for submitting comments.
    Mail: Submit written comments via the U.S. Postal Service to the Branch
Chief, Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, U.S. Department of
Agriculture, STOP 0742, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-0742.

    Hand Delivery/Courier: Submit written comments via Federal Express Mail, or
other courier service requiring a street address, to the Branch Chief,
Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, U.S. Department of Agriculture, 300
7th Street SW., 7th Floor, Washington, DC 20024.

All written comments will be available for public inspection during regular work
hours at the 300 7th Street SW., 7th Floor address listed above.
For Further Information Contact

Kenneth Meardon, Policy Advisor, Rural Business-Cooperative Service, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, STOP 3201, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington,
DC 20250-3225; email: ken.meardon@wdc.usda.gov; telephone (202) 260-8296.
Supplementary Information
Classification

This rule has been determined to be not significant for purposes of Executive
Order 12866 and has not been reviewed by the Office of Management and Budget.
Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance

RD's programs affected by this rulemaking are shown in the Catalog of Federal
Domestic Assistance (CFDA) with numbers as indicated:

10.350--Technical Assistance to Cooperatives

10.352--Value-Added Producer Grants (4284)

10.405--Farm Labor Housing Loans and Grants (3560)

10.410--Very Low to Moderate Income Housing Loans (Section 502 Rural Housing
Loans) (3550)

10.415--Rural Rental Housing Loans

10.420--Rural Self-Help Technical Assistance

10.427--Rural Rental Assistance Payments (3560)

10.433--Rural Housing Preservation Grants

10.438--Rural Rental Housing Program--Guaranteed Loans

10.441--Technical and Supervisory Assistance Grants

10.448--Rural Housing Service Multi-Family Housing Rural Housing Voucher
Demonstration Program (3560)

10.759--Special Evaluation Assistance for Rural Communities and Households
Program (SEARCH) (1774)

10.760--Water and Waste Disposal Systems for Rural Communities (1779, 1780)

10.761--Technical Assistance and Training Grants (1775)

10.762--Solid Waste Management Grants (1775)

10.763--Emergency Community Water Assistance Grants (1778)

10.766--Community Facilities Loans and Grants (3570, 3575)

10.767--Intermediary Relending Program (4274)

10.768--Business and Industry Guaranteed Loan Program (4279)

10.769--Rural Business Enterprise Grant Program

10.770--Water and Waste Disposal Loans and Grants (Section 306C) (1777)

10.771--Rural Cooperative Development Grants

10.773--Rural Business Opportunity Grant Program

10.781--Water and Waste Disposal Systems for Rural Communities--ARRA (1780)

10.782--Appropriate Technology Transfer for Rural Areas (4284)

10.850--Rural Electrification Loans and Loan Guarantees (1714)

10.851--Rural Telephone Loans and Loan Guarantees (1735)

10.854--Rural Economic Development Loans and Grants (4280)

10.857--State Bulk Fuel Revolving Fund Grants

10.858--RUS Denali Commission Grants and Loans

10.859--Assistance to High Energy Cost--Rural Communities (1709)

10.860--Rural Business Investment Program (4290)

10.861--Public Television Station Digital Transition Grant Program (1740)

10.862--Water and Waste Disposal Systems for Rural Communities (1776)

10.863--Community Connect Grant Program (1739)

10-864--Grant Program to Estabish a Fund for Financing Water and Wastewater
Projects (1783)

10.865--Biorefinery Assistance (4279)

10.866--Repowering Assistance Program (4288)

10.867--Bioenergy Program for Advanced Biofuels (4288)

10.868--Rural Energy for America Program (4280)

10.870--Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program

10.871--Small Socially-Disadvantaged Producer Grants (4284)

10.886--Rural Broadband Access Loans and Loan Guarantees (1738)

All active CFDA programs can be found at www.cfda.gov under "Department of
Agriculture, RuralDevelopment." Programs not listed in this section or not
listed on the CFDA Web site but are still being serviced by RD will nevertheless
be covered by the requirements of this action.
Executive Order 12372, Intergovernmental Review of Federal Programs

This action is not subject to the provisions of Executive Order 12372, which
requires intergovernmental consultation with State and local officials.
Executive Order 12988, Civil Justice Reform

This rule has been reviewed under Executive Order 12988, Civil Justice Reform.
RD has determined that this rule meets the applicable standards provided in
section 3 of the Executive Order. Additionally, (1) all state and local laws and
regulations that are in conflict with this rule will be preempted; (2) no
retroactive effect will be given to the rule; and (3) administrative appeal
procedures, if any, must be exhausted before litigation against the Department
or its agencies may be initiated, in accordance with the regulations of the
National Appeals Division of USDA at 7 CFR part 11.
Environmental Impact Statement

This document has been reviewed in accordance with 7 CFR part 1940, subpart G,
"Environmental Program." RD has determined that this action does not constitute
a major Federal action significantly affecting the quality of the human
environment and, in accordance with the National Environmental Policy Act (NEPA)
of 1969, 42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq., an Environmental Impact Statement is not
required.
Unfunded Mandates Reform Act

This rule contains no Federal mandates (under the regulatory provisions of Title
II of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995) for State, local, and Tribal
governments or the private sector. Thus, this rule is not subject to the
requirements of sections 202 and 205 of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of
1995.
Regulatory Flexibility Act

Under section 605(b) of the Regulatory Flexibility Act, 5 U.S.C. 605(b), RD
certifies that this rule will not have a significant economic impact on a
substantial number of small entities because the action will not affect a
significant number of small entities as defined by the Regulatory Flexibility
Act (5 U.S.C. 501). RBS made this determination based on the fact that this
action only impacts internal Agency procedures for determining how much of
available program funds are allocated to each state. Small entities will not be
impacted to a greater extent than large entities.
Executive Order 13132, Federalism

The policies contained in this rule do not have any substantial direct effect on
states, on the relationship between the national government and the states, or
on the distribution of power and responsibilities among the various levels of
government. Nor does this rule impose substantial direct compliance costs on
state and local governments. Therefore, consultation with states is not
required.
Executive Order 13175, Consultation and Coordination With Indian Tribal
Governments

This executive order imposes requirements on RD in the development of regulatory
policies that have Tribal implications or preempt tribal laws. RD has determined
that the rule does not, to our knowledge, have a substantial direct effect on
one or more Indian Tribe(s) or on either the relationship or the distribution of
powers and responsibilities between the Federal Government and Indian Tribes.
Thus, this rule is not subject to the requirements of Executive Order 13175. If
a Tribe determines that this rule has implications of which RD is not aware and
would like to engage with RD on this rule, please contact RD's Native American
Coordinator at (202) 690-1681 or AIAN@wdc.usda.gov
Paperwork Reduction Act

There are no reporting and recordkeeping requirements associated with this rule.

E-Government Act Compliance

RD is committed to complying with the E-Government Act, to promote the use of
the Internet and other information technologies, to provide increased
opportunities for citizens to access Government information and services
electronically.
I. Background and Discussion

RD is amending numerous RD regulations in two broad areas--references to the
Farmners Home Administration and references to Bureau of Census data. For those
RD regulations affected by these two areas, RD is also making several additional
changes by updating the text with regard to applicability of the regulations to
the FSA; removing or updating outdated text, as applicable; and removing
unnecessary text.
II. Discussion of Changes
A. Farmers Home Administration (FmHA)

Many RD regulations still contain references to the Farmers Home Administration,
or FmHA, which was the predecessor agency to both RD and FSA.

FmHA references most frequently encountered in RD regulations are in reference
to forms, instructions, and addresses. RD is either removing references that are
no longer necessary or updating the FmHA references to reflect the appropriate
entity, as applicable. New references will be to RD, Agency, to the specific RD
agency (Rural Business-Cooperative Service, Rural Housing Service, Rural
Utilities Service), to the "government," or to the United States, depending on
the context of the regulation. Where necessary in individual RD regulations,
definitions have been changed or added to reflect the new reference(s).
B. Census References

Many RD regulations refer to census data as the source to be used for various
popluation-, income-, and unemployment-related data. RD is amending those
portions of its regulations that reference U.S. Bureau of Census (Census Bureau)
and its data primarily due to changes in the data being reported by the Census
Bureau in the decennial Census.

Other changes are being implemented to further consistency among RD programs in
referencing sources to be used for population-related data requirements and
provisions and to provide clarification of how provisions are implemented.
Finally, RD is removing outdated or unnecessary text.

The following paragraphs discuss these changes.

1. Census Bureau data. RD allocates the funding for a number of its programs
using formulas that rely on data supplied by the Census Bureau, frequently as
found in the decennial Census. Most RD regulations refer to this as "using the
latest census data available" or similar language.

Starting with the 2010 census, however, the Census Bureau no longer reports
income data in the decennial Census. Thus, RD needs to identify an alternative
source for income-related data.

After examining several alternative data sources, RD determined that income data
published by the Census Bureau in the American CommunitySurvey (ACS), as found
in the 5-year survey component of the ACS, provides the best source of data for
estimates of state-level income and poverty data, even though such are no longer
being published in the decennial Census. RD is also aware that the data
contained in the ACS may not meet the needs of a specific program and that the
ACS may at some point in the future be replaced or discontinued. For these
reasons, RD is using "5-year income data from the American Community Survey
(ACS) or, if needed, other Census Bureau data" to indicate the source of the
data to be used.

In some instances, RD regulations refer to using other data sources for
income-related data if the ACS or Census Bureau data are outdated. RD is
retaining that concept where it currently exists, but modifying the language to
address the revision noted in the preceding paragraph.

2. Consistency and clarification. As described below, RD is making several
changes to create consistency between the RD programs.

a. Whenever a regulation is directing the use of the decennial Census as the
data source, RD is using "the most recent decennial Census of the United States
(decennial Census)" consistently throughout the RD regulations. This change
brings consistency among the three RD agencies and their regulations.

b. RD regulations apply not only to what most people understand as the 50 states
of the United States, but also to the U.S. Virgin Islands, Puerto Rico, Guam,
American Samoa, the Marshall Islands, etc. The decennial Census does not report
population for most of these territories. Some, but not all, of the RD
regulations clearly identify how population data are to be obtained for these
other areas. To make this consistent, RD is revising text to make clear in all
its regulations the data sources to be used. Specifically, if the decennial
Census does not provide the applicable population information, then RD will
determine the applicable population data based on available population data.
C. FSA Related Changes

When they were operating as the Farmers Home Adminstration, RD and FSA shared
many regulations. With RD and FSA now separate entities, many of the regulations
in 7 CFR no longer apply to FSA. Some of these regulations have already been
identified as no longer being applicable to FSA. There are a few regulations,
however, that still need to be identified as no being applicable to FSA and RD
is adding text to that effect. The regulations are: 7 CFR 1900 subpart A, 7 CFR
1902 subpart A, and 7 CFR 1910 subpart B.
D. Outdated and/or Unnecessary Text in Those Parts and Subparts That Contain
Either Reference to Census Bureau or FmHA

Once RD identified those CFR parts that need updating with regard to references
to FmHA and the Census Bureau, RD also identified a number of other outdated or
unnecessary material, and thus is revising such material. In brief, these
changes:

Remove reference to Rand McNally and Company as an alternative source of
population data (7 CFR 1735.2, 7 CFR 1737.2);
    Remove references to a Federal Communications Commission Web site and to a
Census Tiger Map (7 CFR 1740.8(b)(1)(i) and (c)(1);
    Remove a series of Agency forms from 7 CFR 1980, Subpart E and their
conforming references. Specifically, RD will no longer publish in the CFR RD
forms identified as: (1) Appendix A, (2) Appendix B, (3) Appendix F, (4)
Exhibits A through C to Appendix I to Subpart E of Part 1980, and (5) Exhibits A
through C to Appendix K to Subpart E of Part 1980. The applicable forms will
continue to be available in RD offices and through RD's Web site;
    Remove reference to the year 2000 as it currently modifies "Census block" in
7 CFR 1709(b);
    Remove the first paragraph in the definition of Rural and rural area in 7
CFR 3575.1. This paragraph references Fiscal Year 1999 and is thus obsolete; and

    Update the reference to the Legislative Affairs and Public Information Staff
(LAPIS) with the Legislative and Public Affairs Staff (LAPAS) (7 CFR parts 1942,
1944, 1948, and 1980).

E. Other

For the Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant (REDLG) program, RD is
modifying both the definition of Rural or rural area" (7 CFR 4280.3) and the
scoring criterion associated with the decline in population for the county where
the project is physically located (7 CFR 4280.42(b)(7)).

RD is modifying the definition of "Rural or rural area" for REDLG to make the
definition consistent with the definition for "rural or rural area" found in the
Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP), whose definition is more
comprehensive and consistent with other definitions with Rural
Business-Cooperative Service programs.

RD is modifying the identified scoring criterion by adding reference to making
the calculation using the an "equivalent time frame" in those instances where
data is used from a data source other than the decennial Census.
List of Subjects

Administrative practice and procedure, Electric utilities, Grant
programs--energy, Rural areas.

Electric power, Loan programs--energy, Rural areas.

Loan programs--communications, Reporting and recordkeeping requirements, Rural
areas, Telephone.

Loan programs--communications, Reporting and recordkeeping requirements, Rural
areas.

Broadband, Loan programs--communications, Rural areas, Telecommunications,
Telephone.

Broadband, Grant programs--Communications, Rural areas, Telecommunications,
Telephone.

Grant programs--Digital televisions; Communications, Rural areas, Television.

Community development, Grant programs, Reporting and recordkeeping requirements,
Rural areas, Waste treatment and disposal, Water supply.

Business and industry, Community development, Community facilities, Grant
programs--housing and community development, Reporting and recordkeeping
requirements, Rural areas, Waste treatment and disposal, Water supply,
Watersheds.

Agriculture, Community development, Community facilities, Credit, Grant
programs--housing and community development, Nonprofit organizations, Reporting
and recordkeeping requirements, Rural areas, Waste treatment and disposal, Water
pollution control, Water resources, Water supply, Watersheds.

Community development, Community facilities, Grant programs--housing and
community development, Loan programs--housing and community development,
Reporting and recordkeeping requirements, Rural areas, Waste treatment and
disposal, Water supply, Watersheds.

Community development, Community facilities, Grant programs--Housing and
Community development, Reporting and recordkeeping requirements, Rural areas,
Waste treatment and disposal, Water supply, Watersheds.

Loan programs--housing and community development, Rural areas, Waste treatment
and disposal, Water supply.

Community development, Community facilities, Grant programs--housing and
community development, Loan programs--housing and community development,
Reporting and recordkeeping requirements, Rural areas, Waste treatment and
disposal, Water supply, Watersheds.

Community development, Community facilities, Loan programs--housing and
community development, Reporting and recordkeeping requirements, Rural areas,
Waste treatment and disposal, Water supply, Watersheds.

Business and industry, Community development, Community facilities, Grant
programs--housing and community development, Reporting and recordkeeping
requirements, Rural areas, Waste treatment and disposal, Water supply,
Watersheds.

Agriculture, Flood insurance, Loan programs--agriculture, Loan programs--housing
and community development, Low and moderate income housing, Rural areas.

Agriculture, Loan programs--agriculture, Loan programs--Housing and community
development, Low and moderate income housing, Rural areas.

Loan programs--Housing and community development, Low and moderate income
housing, Nonprofit organizations, Rural areas.

Administrative practice and procedure, Authority delegations (Government
agencies), Conflict of interests, Government employees, Grant
programs--agriculture, Grant programs--housing and community development, Loan
programs--agriculture, Loan programs--housing and community development,
Reporting and recordkeeping requirements, Rural areas.

Agriculture, Civil rights, Fair housing, Grant programs--agriculture, Grant
programs--housing and community development, Grant programs--Indians, Historic
preservation, Indians, Intergovernmental relations, Loan Programs--agriculture,
Loan programs--housing and community development, Marital status discrimination,
Minimum wages, Religious discrimination, Reporting and recordkeeping
requirements, Rural areas, Sex discrimination.

Accounting; Banks, banking; Grant programs--agriculture, Grant programs--housing
and community development; Loan programs--agriculture; Loan programs--housing
and community development, Reporting and recordkeeping requirements.

Agriculture, Credit, Loan programs--agriculture, Loan programs--housing and
community development, Low and moderate income housing, Reporting and
recordkeeping requirements.

Agriculture, Administrative practice and procedures, Claims, Credit, Grant
programs--housing and community development, Housing Standards, Loan
programs-agriculture, Low and moderate income housing, Manufactured homes,
Reporting and recordkeeping requirements, Rural areas.

Agriculture, Loan programs--agriculture, Loan programs--housing and community
development, Low and moderate income housing, Rural areas, Taxes.

Agriculture, Loan programs--agriculture, Loan programs--housing and community
development, Low and moderate income housing, Rural areas.

Agriculture, Environmental protection, Flood plains, Grant
programs--agriculture, Grant programs-housing and community development, Loan
programs-agriculture, Loan programs--housing and community development, Low and
moderate income housing, Reporting and recordkeeping requirements, Rural areas,
Truth in lending.

Business and industry, Community facilities, Fire prevention, Grant
programs--business, Grant programs--housing and community development, Grant
programs--Indians, Indians, Loan programs--agriculture, Loan programs-housing
and community development, Loan programs--Indians, Loan programs--natural
resources, Reporting and recordkeeping requirements, Rural areas, Waste
treatment and disposal, Water supply, Watersheds.

Administrative practice and procedure, Aged, Cooperatives, Fair housing, Grant
programs--housing and community development, Home improvement, Individuals with
disabilities, Loan programs--housing and community development, Low and moderate
income housing, Manufactured homes, Migrant labor, Rent subsidies, Reporting
requirements, Rural areas.

Coal, Community facilities, Grant programs--housing and community development,
Reporting and recordkeeping requirements,Rural areas, Uranium.

Accounting, Loan programs--agriculture, Loan programs--housing and community
development, Military personnel, Rural areas.

Accounting, Claims, Community facilities, Credit, Disaster assistance,
Government employees, Grant programs--housing and community development,
Housing, Income taxes, Loan programs--agriculture, Loan programs--housing and
community development, Low and moderate income housing, Reporting and
recordkeeping requirements, Rural areas, Wages.

Agriculture, Drug traffic control, Government property, Loan
programs--agriculture, Loan programs--housingand community development, Low and
moderate income housing, Rural areas.

Accounting, Business and industry, Claims, Loan programs--agriculture, Loan
programs--housing and community development, Reporting and recordkeeping
requirements, Rural areas.

Loan programs--housing and community development, Low and moderate income
housing, Rural areas.

Agriculture, Bankruptcy, Drug traffic control, Government property, Loan
programs--agriculture, Loan programs--housing and community development, Rural
areas.

Agriculture, Business and industry, Community facilities, Credit, Disaster
assistance, Livestock, Loan programs--agriculture, Loan programs--business, Loan
programs--housing and community development, Low and moderate income housing,
Reporting and recordkeeping requirements, Rural areas.

Administrative practice and procedure, Environmental impact statements, Fair
housing, Grant programs--housing and community development, Housing, Loan
programs--housing and community development, Low and moderate income housing,
Manufactured homes, Reporting and recordkeeping requirements, Rural areas.

Accounting, Administrative practice and procedure, Aged, Conflict of interests,
Government property management, Grant programs--Housing and community
development, Insurance, Loan programs--Agriculture, Loan programs--Housing and
community development, Low and moderate income housing, Migrant labor,
Mortgages, Nonprofit organizations, Public housing, Rent subsidies, Reporting
and recordkeeping requirements, Rural areas.

Administrative practice and procedure, Fair Housing, Grant programs--housing and
community development, ousing, Low and moderate income housing, Reporting and
recordkeeping requirements, Rural areas.

Loan programs--agriculture.

Community development, Loan programs--business, Reporting and recordkeeping
requirements, Rural areas.

Loan programs--business, Reporting and recordkeeping requirements, Rural areas.

Loan programs--Business and industry, Economic development, Energy, Energy
efficiency improvements, Feasibility studies, Grant programs, Guaranteed loan
programs, Renewable energy systems, Rural areas.

Business and industry, Community development, Community facilities, Grant
programs--housing and community development, Loan programs--housing and
community development, Reporting and recordkeeping requirements, Rural areas,
Waste treatment and disposal, Water supply.

Administrative practice and procedure, Energy--advanced biofuel, Renewable
biomass, Reporting and recordkeeping.

Community development, Government securities, Grant programs--business,
Securities, Small businesses.

For the reasons discussed above, Rural Development is amending chapters XVII,
XVIII, XXXV, and XLII of title 7, of the Code of Federal Regulations as follows
Chapter Xvii Rural Utilities Service Department of Agriculture
Part 1709 Assistance to High Energy Cost Communities

1. The authority citation for part 1709 continues to read as follows:
Authority

5 U.S.C. 301, 7 U.S.C. 901 et seq.
Regulatory Text
Subpart B--RUS High Energy Cost Grant Program
§ 1709.107
[Amended]

2. Amend § 1709.107(b) by removing "2000 Census block" and adding "Census block
according to the most recent decennial Census of the United States (decennial
Census)" in its place.

3. Revise § 1709.123(c)(2) to read as follows:
§ 1709.123 Evaluation criteria and weights.

* * * * *

(c) * * *

(2) Rurality. Priority consideration may be given to proposals that serve
smaller rural communities. Applications will be scored based on the population
of the largest incorporated cities, towns or villages or census designated
places included within the grant's proposed target area as determined using the
population figures from the most recent decennial Census. If the applicable
population figure cannot be based on the most recent decennial Census, RD will
determine the applicable population figure based on available population data.

* * * * *
Subpart C--Bulk Fuel Revolving Fund Grant Program

4. Revise § 1709.210(c)(3) to read as follows:
§ 1709.210 Application process.

* * * * *

(c) * * *

(3) Assessment of needs and potential beneficiaries. The application must
provide estimates of the number, location and population of potentially eligible
areas in the State and their estimated fuel needs and costs. The section must
also describe the criteria used to identify eligible areas, including the
characteristics that make fuel deliveries by surface transport impossible or
impracticable. The description of beneficiary communities should provide a
detailed breakdown of the density profile of the area to be served by eligible
projects. Indicate to what extent persons in eligible areas live outside of
communities of 2,500 persons or more, communities of 5,000 or more or outside of
communities of 20,000 or more. All population estimates should be based on the
most recent decennial Census of the United States. If the applicable population
estimate cannot be based on the most recent decennial Census, RD will determine
the applicable population figure based on available population data. All
representations should be supported with exhibits such as maps, summary tables
and references to official information sources.

* * * * *
Part 1714 Pre Loan Policies and Procedures for Insured Electric Loans

5. The authority citation for part 1714 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

7 U.S.C. 901 et seq.; 1921 et seq.; and 6941 et seq.
Subpart A--General

6. Revise the second and third sentences in § 1714.5(d) to read as follows:
§ 1714.5 Determination of interest rates on municipal rate loans.

* * * * *

(d) * * * The method used to determine this rate is set forth in the regulations
of the Rural Housing Service at 7 CFR 1942.17(f)(1) and (4). Pursuant to the RUS
rule, the interest rates are set using as guidance the average of the Bond Buyer
Index for the four weeks prior to the first Friday of the last month before the
beginning of the quarter. * * *

7. Revise § 1714.7(b)(2)(i) and (ii) to read as follows:
§ 1714.7 Interest rate cap.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(2) * * *

(i) To qualify under the consumer income test, the borrower must include in its
loan application information about the location of its residential consumers.
The borrower must provide to RUS, based on the most recent data available at the
time of loan application, either the number of consumers in each county it
serves or the number of consumers in each census tract it serves. Using 5-year
income data from the American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other Census
Bureau data, RUS will compare, on a weighted average basis, the average per
capita and median household income of the counties or census tracts served by
the borrower with state figures.

(ii) If there is reason to believe that the ACS or other Census Bureau data does
not accurately represent the economic conditions of the borrower's consumers,
the reasons will be documented and the borrower may furnish, or RD may obtain,
additional information regarding such economic conditions. Information must
consist of reliable data from local, regional, State, or Federal sources or from
a survey conducted by a reliable impartial source. The Administrator has the
sole discretion to determine whether such data submitted by the borrower is
sufficient to determine whether the borrower qualifies under the consumer income
test.

* * * * *
Part 1735 General Policies Types of Loans Loan Requirements Telecommunications
Program

8. The authority citation for part 1735 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

7 U.S.C. 901 et seq., 1921 et seq., and 6941 et seq.
Subpart A--General

9. In § 1735.2, revise the definition of "Rural area" to read as follows:
§ 1735.2 Definitions.

* * * * *

Rural area means any area of the United States, its territories and insular
possessions (including any area within the Federated States of Micronesia, the
Republic of the Marshall Islands, and the Republic of Palau) not included within
the boundaries of any incorporated or unincorporated city, village or borough
having a population exceeding 5,000 inhabitants. The population figure is
obtained from the most recent decennial Census of the United States (decennial
Census). If the applicable population figure cannot be obtained from the most
recent decennial Census, RD will determine the applicable population figure
based on available population data. For purposes of the "rural area" definition,
the character of an area is determined as of a time the initial loan for the
system is made.

* * * * *
Subpart B--Loan Purposes and Basic Policies

10. Revise § 1735.10(g) to read as follows:
§ 1735.10 General.

* * * * *

(g) For the purpose of paragraph (a)(2) of this section, rural areas means any
area that is not located within a city, town, or incorporated area that has a
population of greater than 20,000 inhabitants or within an urbanized area
contiguous and adjacent to a city or town that has a population of greater than
50,000 inhabitants. For the purpose of the definition of rural area,

(1) The population figure is obtained from the most recent decennial Census of
the United States (decennial Census). If the applicable population figure cannot
be obtained from the most recent decennial Census, RD will determine the
applicable population figure based on available population data; and

(2) An urbanized area means a densely populated territory as defined in the most
recent decennial Census.
Part 1737 Pre Loan Policies and Procedures Common to Insured and Guaranteed
Telecommunications Loans

11. The authority citation for part 1737 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

7 U.S.C. 901 et seq., 1921 et seq.; Pub. L. 103-354, 108 Stat. 3178 (7 U.S.C.
6941 et.seq.).

12. In § 1737.2, revise the definition of "Rural area" to read as follows:
§ 1737.2 Definitions.

* * * * *

Rural area means any area of the United States, its territories and possessions
(including any area within the Federated States of Micronesia, the Republic of
the Marshall Islands, and the Republic of Palau) not included within the
boundaries of any incorporated or unincorporated city, village or borough having
a population exceeding 5,000 inhabitants. The population figure is obtained from
the most recent decennial Census of the United States. If the applicable
population figure cannot be obtained from the most recent decennial Census, RD
will determine the applicable population figure based on available population
data. For purposes of the "rural area" definition, the character of an area is
determined as of a time the initial loan for the system is made.

* * * * *
Part 1738 Rural Broadband Access Loans and Loan Guarantees

13. The authority citation for part 1738 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

Pub. L. 107-171, 7 U.S.C. 901 et seq.
Subpart A--General

14. In § 1738.2(a), revise the definition of "Rural area" to read as follows:
§ 1738.2 Definitions.

(a) * * *

Rural area means any area, as confirmed by the most recent decennial Census of
the United States (decennial Census), which is not located within:

(i) A city, town, or incorporated area that has a population of greater than
20,000 inhabitants; or

(ii) An urbanized area contiguous and adjacent to a city or town that has a
population of greater than 50,000inhabitants. For purposes of the definition of
rural area, an urbanized area means a densely populated territory as defined in
the most recent decennial Census.

* * * * *
Part 1739 Broadband Grant Program

15. The authority citation for part 1739 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

Title III, Pub. L. 108-199, 118 Stat. 3.

16. In § 1739.3, revise the definition of "Rural area" to read as follows:
§ 1739.3 Definitions.

* * * * *

Rural area means any area, as confirmed by the most recent decennial Census of
the United States (decennial Census), which is not located within:

(1) A city, town, or incorporated area that has a population of greater than
20,000 inhabitants; or

(2) An urbanized area contiguous and adjacent to a city or town that has a
population of greater than 50,000 inhabitants. For purposes of the definition of
rural area, an urbanized area means a densely populated territory as defined in
the most recent decennial Census.

* * * * *
Part 1740 Public Television Station Digital Transition Grant Program

17. The authority citation for part 1740 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2005; Title III: Rural Development Programs;
Rural Utilities Service; Distance Learning, Telemedicine, and Broadband Program;
Pub. L. 108-447.
Subpart A--Public Televsion Station Digital Transition Grant Program
§ 1740.8
[Amended]

18. Amend § 1740.8 by:

a. In paragraph (b)(1)(i), removing "http://www.fcc.gov/fcc-bin/audio/tvq.html"
and removing ", overlaid on a Census Tiger Map. The map also shows counties
covered" and

b. In paragraph (c)(1), removing the last sentence.
Part 1774 Special Evaluation Assistance for Rural Communities and Households
Program

19. The authority citation for part 1774 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

7 U.S.C. 1926(a)(2)(C).
Subpart A--General Provisions

20. In § 1774.2, revise the definitions of "Financially distressed area" and
"Rural area" to read as follows:
§ 1774.2 Definitions.

* * * * *

Financially distressed area. An area is considered financially distressed if the
median household income of the area to be served is either below the poverty
line or below 80 percent of the statewide non-metropolitan median household
income according to the 5-year income data from the American Community Survey
(ACS) or, if needed, other Census Bureau data. If there is reason to believe
that the ACS or other Census Bureau data does not accurately represent the
median household income of the area to be served, the reasons will be documented
and the borrower may furnish, or RD may obtain, additional information regarding
such median household income data. Information must consist of reliable data
from local, regional, State or Federal sources or from a survey conducted by a
reliable impartial source.

* * * * *

Rural area. For the purposes of this SEARCH program, any area not in a city or
town with a population of 2,500 or fewer, according to the most recent decennial
Census of the United States (decennial Census). If the applicable population
figure cannot be obtained from the most recent decennial Census, RD will
determine the applicable population figure based on available population data.

* * * * *
Part 1775 Technical Assistance Grants

21. The authority citation for part 1775 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 16 U.S.C. 1005.
Subpart A--General Provisions

22. In § 1775.2, revise the definition of "Rural area" to read as follows:
§ 1775.2 Definitions.

* * * * *

Rural area. Any area not in a city or town with a population in excess of
10,000, according to the most recent decennial Census of the United States. If
the applicable population figure cannot be obtained from the most recent
decennial Census, RD will determine the applicable population figure based on
available population data.

* * * * *
Part 1776 Household Water Well System Grant Program

23. The authority citation for part 1776 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

7 U.S.C. 1926e.
Subpart A--General

24. In § 1776.3, revise the definition of "Eligible individual" to read as
follows:
§ 1776.3 Definitions.

* * * * *

Eligible individual means an individual who is a member of a household the
members of which have a combined income (for the most recent 12-month period for
which the information is available) that is not more than 100 percent of the
median nonmetropolitan household income for the State or territory in which the
individual resides, according to 5-year income data from the American Community
Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other Census Bureau data. If there is reason to
believe that the ACS or other Census Bureau data does not accurately represent
the median nonmetropolitan household income for the State or territory in which
the individual resides, the reasons will be documented and the applicant may
furnish, or RD may obtain, additional information regarding such median
household income data. Information must consist of reliable data from local,
regional, State or Federal sources or from a survey conducted by a reliable
impartial source.

* * * * *
Part 1777 Section 306c Wwd Loans and Grants

25. The authority citation for part 1777 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 16 U.S.C. 1005.

26. In § 1777.4, revise the definition of "Rural areas" to read as follows:
§ 1777.4 Definitions.

* * * * *

Rural areas. Includes unincorporated areas and any city or town with a
population not in excess of 10,000 inhabitants located in any of the 50 States,
the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the Western Pacific Territories, Marshall
Islands, Federated States of Micronesia, Republic of Palau, and the U.S. Virgin
Islands. The population figure is obtained from the most recent decennial Census
of the United States. If the applicable population figure cannot be obtained
from the most recent decennial Census, RD will determinethe applicable
population figure based on available population data.

* * * * *

27. Revise § 1777.12(a)(1) to read as follows:
§ 1777.12 Eligibility.

(a) * * *

(1) Per capita income of the residents is not more than 70 percent of the most
recent national average per capita income, as determined by 5-year income data
from the American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other Census Bureau
data. If there is reason to believe that the ACS or other Census Bureau data
does not accurately represent the per capita income of the residents, the
reasons will be documented and the borrower/applicant may furnish, or RD may
obtain, additional information regarding such per capita income data.
Information must consist of reliable data from local, regional, State or Federal
sources or from a survey conducted by a reliable impartial source, and

* * * * *
Part 1778 Emergency and Imminent Community Water Assistance Grants

28. The authority citation for part 1778 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301, 7 U.S.C. 1989; 16 U.S.C. 1005.

29. In § 1778.4, revise the definition of "Rural areas" to read as follows:
§ 1778.4 Definitions.

* * * * *

Rural areas. Includes any area not in a city or town with a population in excess
of 10,000 inhabitants located in any of the fifty States, the Commonwealth of
Puerto Rico, the Western Pacific Territories, Marshall Islands, Federated States
of Micronesia, Republic of Palau, and the U.S. Virgin Islands. The population
figure is obtained from the most recent decennial Census of the United States
(decennial Census). If the applicable population figure cannot be obtained from
the most recent decennial Census, RD will determine the applicable population
figure based on available population data.

* * * * *

30. Revise § 1778.10(a)(1) and (2) to read as follows:
§ 1778.10 Restrictions.

(a) * * *

(1) Assist any city or town with a population in excess of 10,000 inhabitants.
The population figure is obtained from the most recent decennial Census. If the
applicable population figure cannot be obtained from the most recent decennial
Census, RD will determine the applicable population figure based on available
population data. Facilities financed by RUS may be located in non-rural areas.
However, loan and grant funds may be used to finance only that portion of the
facility serving rural areas, regardless of facility location.

(2) Assist a rural area that has a median household income in excess of the
statewide nonmetropolitan median household income as determined by 5-year income
data from the American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other Census Bureau
data. If there is reason to believe that the ACS or other Census Bureau data
does not accurately represent the median household income of the rural area, the
reasons will be documented and the applicant may furnish, or RD may obtain,
additional information regarding such median household income data. Information
must consist of reliable data from local, regional, State or Federal sources or
from a survey conducted by a reliable impartial source.

* * * * *
§ 1778.13 [Amended]

31. Amend § 1778.13(b) by removing "decennial census of the United States" and
adding "decennical Census" in its place.
Part 1779 Water and Waste Disposal Programs Guaranteed Loans

32. The authority citation for part 1779 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 16 U.S.C. 1005.

33. In § 1779.2, revise the definition of "Rural and rural area" to read as
follows:
§ 1779.2 Definitions.

* * * * *

Rural and rural area. Any area not in a city or town with a population in excess
of 10,000 inhabitants. The population figure is obtained from the most recent
decennial Census of the United States (decennial Census). If the applicable
population figure cannot be obtained from the most recent decennial Census, RD
will determine the applicable population figure based on available population
data.

* * * * *
Part 1780 Water and Waste Loans and Grants

34. The authority citation for part 1780 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 16 U.S.C. 1005.
Subpart A--General Policies and Requirements

35. Revise the second, third, and fourth sentences of § 1780.1(b) to read as
follows:
§ 1780.1 General.

* * * * *

(b) * * * The median household income of the service area and the
nonmetropolitan median household income of the State will be determined from
income data from 5-year income data from the American Community Survey (ACS) or,
if needed, other Census Bureau data. If there is reason to believe that the ACS
or other Census Bureau data does not accurately represent the median household
income within the area to be served, the reasons will be documented and the
applicant may furnish, or RD may obtain, additional information regarding such
median household income data. Information must consist of reliable data from
local, regional, State or Federal sources or from a survey conducted by a
reliable impartial source. * * *

36. In § 1780.3, revise the definition of "Rural and rural areas" to read as
follows:
§ 1780.3 Definitions and grammatical rules of construction.

* * * * *

Rural and rural areas means any area not in a city or town with a population in
excess of 10,000 inhabitants. The population figure is obtained from the most
recent decennial Census of the United States (decennial Census). If the
applicable population figure cannot be obtained from the most recent decennial
Census, RD will determine the applicable population figure based on available
population data.

* * * * *

37. Revise § 1780.18(c)(2)(ii) to read as follows:
§ 1780.18 Allocation of program funds.

* * * * *

(c) * * *

(2) * * *

(ii) The data sources for each criterion identified in paragraph (c)(2) of this
section are specified in paragraphs (c)(2)(ii)(A) through (C) of this section.
Each criterion is assigned a specific weight according to its relevance in
determining need. The percentage representing each criterion is multiplied by
the weight factor and summed to arrive at a State factor (SF). The SF cannot
exceed 0.05, as follows:

SF = (criterion in paragraph (b)(2)(i)(A) of this section × 50 percent) +
(criterion in paragraph (b)(2)(i)(B) × 25 percent) + (criterion in paragraph
(b)(2)(i)(C) of this section × 25 percent)

(A) For the criterion specified in paragraph (b)(2)(i)(A) of this section, the
most recent decennial Census data.

(B) For the criterion specified in paragraph (b)(2)(i)(B) of this section,
5-year income data from the American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other
Census Bureau data.

(C) For the criterion specified in paragraph (b)(2)(i)(C) of this section, the
most recent Bureau of Labor Statistics data.

* * * * *
Subpart B--Loan and Grant Application Processing

38. Revise § 1780.49(b)(2) to read as follows:
§ 1780.49 Rural or Native Alaskan villages.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(2) Rural or Native Alaskan village. A rural or Native Alaskan community which
meets the definition of a village under State statutes and does not have a
population in excess of 10,000 inhabitants according to the most recent
decennial Census.

* * * * *
Part 1781 Resource Conservation and Development Rcd Loans and Watershed Ws Loans
and Advances

39. The authority citation for part 1781 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 16 U.S.C. 1005.
§ 1781.2 [Amended]

40. Amend the first sentence of § 1781.2(a) by removing ", successor to the
Farmers's Home Administration" in the first sentence.
Part 1783 Revolving Funds for Financing Water and Wastewater Projects Revolving
Fund Program

41. The authority citation for part 1783 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

7 U.S.C. 1926 (a)(2)(B).
Subpart A--General

42. In § 1783.3, revise the definition of "Rural and rural area" to read as
follows:
§ 1783.3 What definitions are used in this regulation?

* * * * *

Rural and rural area means a city, town or unincorporated area that has a
population of no more than 10,000 inhabitants. The population figure is obtained
from the most recent decennial Census of the United States (decennial Census).
If the applicable population figure cannot be obtained from the most recent
decennial Census, RD will determine the applicable population figure based on
available population data.

* * * * *
CHAPTER XVIII--RURAL HOUSING SERVICE, RURAL BUSINESS-COOPERATIVE SERVICE, RURAL
UTILITIES SERVICE, AND FARM SERVICE AGENCY, DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE
Part 1806 Insurance

43. The authority citation for part 1806 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 42 U.S.C. 1480.
Subpart A--Real Property Insurance
§ 1806.1
[Amended]

44. Amend § 1806.1 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "Rural Housing Service (RHS). Any references
herein to the Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its employees are intended
to mean FSA or RHS, as applicable, and their employees." and adding "Rural
Housing Service (RHS), herein referred to as the "Agency." in its place;

b. In paragraphs (b) and (d), removing "the FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

c. In paragraph (e), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing
"interest of the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "interest of RD" in its place.
§ 1806.2 [Amended]

45. Amend § 1806.2 by:

a. In paragraph (b)(5)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (b)(6) introductory text and (b)(6)(i), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

c. In paragraphs (b)(9) and (b)(10) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "the
Agency" in their place;

d. In paragraph (b)(11) introductory text:

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 has" and
adding "the Agency has" in its place; and

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "the Agency will" in its place;

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

d. In paragraph (b)(11)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place;

e. In paragraph (b)(11)(iii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 is" and adding "the Agency is" in its place and removing
"Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form
RD" in its place;

f. In paragraph (b)(11)(iv) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "The Agency" in its place;

g. In paragraph (b)(11)(iv)(A), removing "United States of America (Farmers Home
Administration or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354)" and adding
"United States of America (Rural Development)" in its place and removing "naming
FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "naming the
Agency" in its place;

h. In paragraph (b)(11)(iv)(B), removing "United States of America (Farmers Home
Administration or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354)" and adding
"United States of America (Rural Development)" in its place and removing "by
FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "by the
Agency" in its place;

i. In paragraph (b)(11)(iv)(C), removing "the Farmers Home Admnistration or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place;

j. In paragraph (c), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing
"in which the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"in which the Agency" in its place;

k. In paragraph (d)(1) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

l. In paragraph (d)(1)(iii)(B), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "the" in its place;

m. In paragraph (d)(2), removing "against the FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "against the Agency" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 mortgage" and adding
"Agency mortgage" in its place; and

n. In paragraph (e), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 loan" and adding "Agency loan" in its place and removing "for FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loans" and adding "for the Agency
loans" in its place.
§ 1806.3 [Amended]

46. Amend § 1806.3 by:

a. In paragraphs (a)(1), (b), and (c)(1)(v), removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Agency" in their
place;

b. In paragraph (c)(1)(vii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Agency" in their place; and

c. In paragraph (c)(1)(viii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Agency" in their place.
§ 1806.4 [Amended]

47. Amend § 1806.4 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(2)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in their place;

b. In paragraph (a)(4), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

c. In paragraph (b)(1), removing "upon demand to FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "upon demand to the Agency" in its place
and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

d. In paragraph (b)(2)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "the Agency" in their place.
§ 1806.5 [Amended]

48. Amend § 1806.5 by:

a. In paragraphs (a) introductory text and (i)(2)(ii), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(1), removing "the FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 " and adding "the Agency" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 was" and adding "the Agency was" in its place;

d. In paragraphs (a)(2), (b)(1), and (b)(2) introductory text, removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 " and adding "Agency" in its
place;

e. In paragraph (b)(2)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354's" and adding "the Agency's" in its place and removing "jointly to
the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "jointly
to the Agency" in its place;

f. In paragraph (c)(1)(iii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place;

g. In paragraphs (c)(1)(iv) and (e)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

h. In paragraph (g) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Agency" in its place;

i. In paragraphs (g)(2) and (h), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 " and adding "Agency" in its place; and

j. In paragraph (i)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 official" and adding "Agency official" in its place and removing
"whether FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"whether the Agency" in its place.
§ 1806.6 [Amended]

49. Amend § 1806.6 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "the Agency" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(1) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(1)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

d. In paragraph (a)(1)(iii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Agency" in their place;

e. In paragraph (a)(1)(v), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 account" and adding
"Agency account" in its place;

f. In paragraph (a)(1)(vii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

g. In paragraph (c)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 as mortgagee" and adding "Agency as mortgagee" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction" and adding
"RD Instruction" in its place; and

h. In paragraph (c)(3), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "from the FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "from the Agency" in
its place.
Subpart B--National Flood Insurance
§ 1806.21
[Amended]

50. Amend § 1806.21(a) by removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development and
Farm Service Agency, herein referred to as the "Agency"," in its place.
§ 1806.22 [Amended]

51. Amend § 1806.22 by:

a. In the paragraph heading of paragraph (b), removing "Farmers Home
Administration or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "The
Agency" in its place; and

b. In the first sentence of paragraph (b), removing "the FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 National Office" and adding "the National
Office" in its place.
§ 1806.23 [Amended]

52. Amend § 1806.23(a) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place.
§ 1806.25 [Amended]

53. Amend § 1806.25 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "The Agency" in its place and

b. In paragraph (c)(4), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place.
Part 1810 Interest Rates Terms Conditions and Approval Authority

54. The authority citation for part 1810 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

7 U.S.C. 1989; 14 U.S.C. 1480; 7 CFR 2.23; 7 CFR 2.70.
Subpart A--Interest Rates, Amortization, Guarantee Fee, Annual Charge, and Fixed
Period
§ 1810.1
[Amended]

55. Amend § 1810.1 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the Agency (Rural Business-Cooperative Service and Rural
Housing Service of the U.S. Department of Agriculture)" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (b), removing "Farmers Home Administration or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "U.S. Department of Agriculture" in
its place.
§ 1810.2 [Amended]

56. Amend § 1810.2(b) and (c) by removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "the Agency" in their place.
Part 1822 Rural Housing Loans and Grants

57. The authority citation for part 1822 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

42 U.S.C. 1480; 5 U.S.C. 301; 7 CFR 2.23; 7 CFR 2.70.
Subpart G--Rural Housing Site Loan Policies, Procedures, and Authorizations
§ 1822.261
[Amended]

58. Amend § 1822.261 by removing "assistance to FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development (RD)" in its place and
removing "with an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
employee" and adding "with an RD employee" in its place.
§ 1822.264 [Amended]

59. Amend § 1822.264(b) by removing "The Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RHS" in its place.
§ 1822.265 [Amended]

60. Amend § 1822.265(a) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354".
§ 1822.266 [Amended]

61. Amend § 1822.266(e)(4) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1822.267 [Amended]

62. Amend § 1822.267 by:

a. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

b. In paragraph (d), removing "using a form entitled, "((Rural Housing Site)
Loan to Nonprofit Corporation)" available at all FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 offices";

c. In paragraph (e), removing ", and certain information in a guide entitled
"Planning and Developing Building Sites" available at all FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 offices";

d. In paragraph (h), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

e. In paragraph (i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

f. In paragraph (k)(2), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

g. In paragraph (l)(2) introductory text, removing "Form FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

h. In paragraph (l)(2)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

i. In paragraph (l)(4), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

j. In paragraph (l)(5), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "The government's" in its place.
§ 1822.268 [Amended]

63. Amend § 1822.268(a) by:

a. Removing "charged by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "charged by Rural Development" in its place;

b. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

c. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "RD office" in its place.
§ 1822.270 [Amended]

64. Amend § 1822.270(a) introductory text by removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 loan" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1822.271 [Amended]

65. Amend § 1822.271 by:

a. In paragraph (b)(3)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place and

b. In paragraph (e), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs in the column labeled "Form No." and adding "RD" in
its place.
§ 1822.274 [Amended]

66. Amend § 1822.274 by:

a. In paragraph (b) first sentence, removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 1927-1 (state), Real Estate Mortgage -for ___," will"
and adding "Form RD 3550-14, "Real Estate Mortgage or Deed of Trust for
(state)," will" in its place and in the first paragraph of the quoted material
in the third sentence by removing "basis for the FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "basis for Rural Development" in its place;
and

b. In paragraph (c)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1822.275 [Amended]

67. Amend § 1822.275(a) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1822.278 [Amended]

68. Amend § 1822.278(g) by:

a. In the first sentence, removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 1927-1 (state), Real Estate ___for___(Direct Loan)," will"
and adding "Form RD 3550-14, "Real Estate Mortgage or Deed of Trust for
(state)," will" in its place; and

b. In the first paragraph of the quoted material in the third sentence, removing
"basis for the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"basis for Rural Development" in its place.
Part 1900 General

69. The authority citation for part 1900 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 7 U.S.C. 6991, et seq.; 42 U.S.C. 1480;
Reorganization Plan No. 2 of 1953 (5 U.S.C. App.).
§ 1900.1 [Amended]

70. Amend § 1900.1 by:

a. Removing "the Farmers Home Administration or its successor Agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

b. Adding "This subpart is inapplicable to Farm Service Agency, Farm Loan
Programs." at the end of the section.
§ 1900.2 [Amended]

71. Amend § 1900.2 introductory text and paragraph (g) by removing "the Farmers
Home Administration or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever
it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1900.3 [Amended]

72. Amend § 1900.3 by removing "the Farmers Home Administration or its successor
Agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural
Development" in its place.
§ 1900.5 [Amended]

73. Amend § 1900.5 by removing "the FmHA or its successor Agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1900.6 [Amended]

74. Amend § 1900.6(a) and (b) by removing "Farmers Home Administration or its
successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place.
§ 1900.7 [Amended]

75. Amend § 1900.7 by removing "Administrator of the Farmers Home Administration
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Under Secretary
for Rural Development" in its place.
Subpart C--Applicability of Federal Law
§ 1900.101
[Amended]

76. Amend § 1900.101 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "Agency" and adding "Rural Development" in
its place;

b. In paragraph (a), removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its
successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place; and

c. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1900.102 [Amended]

77. Amend § 1900.102 by removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law
103-354" and "Farmers Home Administration or its successor Agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever they occur and adding "Rural Development" in their place.
Subpart D--Processing and Servicing Rural Development Assistance to Employees,
Relatives, and Associates

78. Revise the heading of Subpart D to read as set forth above.

79. Revise § 1900.151(a) introductory text and (b) to read as follows:
§ 1900.151 General.

(a) The Standards of Ethical Conduct for Employees of the Executive Branch
requires the maintenance of high standards of honesty, integrity, and
impartiality by employees. To reduce the potential for employee conflict of
interest, any processing, approval, servicing or review activity, including
access through automated information systems, is conducted only by authorized
Rural Development employees who:

* * * * *

(b) No provision of this subpart takes precedence over individual program
requirements or restrictions relating to eligibility for Rural Development
assistance to Rural Development employees, members of families of employees,
close relatives, or business or close personal associates of employees.

* * * * *
§ 1900.152 [Amended]

80. Amend § 1900.152 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"Rural Development" wherever it occurs in its place in the following
definitions:

i. `Applicant or borrower';

ii. `Assistance';

iii. `Employee'; and

iv. `Recipient'; and

b. Removing "an FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "a Rural Development" in its place in the definition of `Conflict of
Interest'.

81. Revise § 1900.153 to read as follows:
§ 1900.153 Identifying and reporting an employee relationship.

(a) Responsibility of applicant. When an application for assistance is filed,
the processing official asks if there is any known relationship or association
with a Rural Development employee. The applicant is required to disclose the
requested information under pertinent program regulations.

(b) Responsibility of the Rural Development employee. A Rural Development
employee who knows he or she is related to or associated with an applicant or
recipient, regardless of whether the relationship or association is known to
others, is required to notify the Rural Development official who is processing
or servicing the assistance, in writing. RD Guide Letter 1900-D-1 (available in
any RD office) may be used as the notice. If the appropriate official is not
known, the State Director should be notified. Regardless of whether the
relationship or association is defined in § 1900.152, if the employee believes
there may be a potential conflict of interest, the Rural Development official
who is processing or servicing the assistance may be notified and special
handling requested. An employee's request that the case receive special handling
is usually honored.

(c) Responsibility of the Rural Development official. When any relationship or
association is identified, the Rural Development official completes and submits
RD Guide Letter 1900-D-2 to the State Director (or Administrator, under
paragraph (e) of this section or § 1900.155(a)). When completed, RD Guide Letter
1900-D-3 is returned by the State Director, the processing official;

(d) Relationship or association established after application for Rural
Development assistance. If a relationship or association is established after an
application has been filed or assistance has been provided, both recipient and
employee are required to notify the Rural Development official as described in
paragraphs (a) and (b) of this section.

(e) Relationship or association with a State Office, Finance Office or National
Office employee. If an identified relationship or association is with an
employee at a State Office (other than a State Director), Finance Office or
National Office, the processing/servicing official completes and submits RD
Guide Letter 1900-D-2 to the State Director in the normal manner. The State
Director reviews the information, determines the need for special handling,
designates the processing/servicing official, completes and submits RD Guide
Letter 1900-D-3 to the Administrator for written concurrence. When the
Administrator's concurrence is received, the State Director returns completed RD
Guide Letter 1900-D-3 to the original official who completes the action
described in paragraph (c) of this section.

(f) Relationship or association with a State Director. If an identified
relationship or association is with a State Director, the processing/servicing
official completes and submits RD Guide Letter 1900-D-2 to the Administrator.
The Administrator reviews, determines the need for special handling, designates
the processing/servicing official, completes and returns RD Guide Letter
1900-D-3 to the original official who completes the action described in
paragraph (c) of this section.

(g) Change in relationship or association, status of Rural Development
assistance, or employee's duty station. If the relationship orassociation has
changed, the application denied or the assistance otherwise terminated, or Rural
Development employee's duty station changed, the designated processing/servicing
official completes RD Guide Letter 1900-D-2 with the new information and submits
it. The review process takes place as described in paragraphs (a) through (e) of
this section to determine if processing/servicing activity may return to normal
or requires another change. If the assistance is denied or otherwise terminated,
the designated official notifies the original official.
§ 1900.155 [Amended]

82. Amend § 1900.155(a) by removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1900.156 [Amended]

83. Amend § 1900.156(g) by removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
Part 1901 Program Related Instructions

84. The authority citation for part 1901 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 42 U.S.C. 1480.
Subpart K--Certificates of Beneficial Ownership and Insured Notes
§ 1901.501
[Amended]

85. Amend § 1901.501 by removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its
successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place.

86. Revise § 1901.503(a)(2) through (a)(7), (a)(9), (a)(10), (a)(12), (a)(13),
(a)(15) through (a)(17), (a)(19), and (b)(1) through (b)(6) to read as follows:
§ 1901.503 Definitions.

(a) * * *

(2) Certificate. A certificate of beneficial ownership issued by Rural
Development under this subpart.

(3) Director, Finance Office. The Director or the Insured Loan Officer of the
Finance Office of Rural Development.

(4) Rural Development. The United States acting through the Rural Housing
Service, the Rural Utilities Service, or the Rural Business-Cooperative Service
or their successor agencies.

(5) Finance Office. The office which maintains the Rural Development finance
records. It is located at 1520 Market Street, St. Louis, Missouri 63103. (Phone:
314-425-4400)

(6) Fixed period. Any time interval (preceding an option period) during which
the insured holder is not entitled to require Rural Development to purchase the
insured note, as specified in the insurance agreement.

(7) Insurance agreement. The entire contract evidencing and setting forth the
terms and conditions of Rural Development insurance of the payment for the
insured note. The insurance agreement with respect to any particular loan may be
evidenced by Form RD 440-5, "Insurance Endorsement (Insured Loan)," RD 440-30,
"Insurance Endorsement (Insure Loans)," or any other form or forms prescribed by
the National Office and executed by an authorized official of Rural Development.
It may include such provisions as, for example, an agreement of Rural
Development to purchase or repurchase the loan, or to make supplementary
payments from the insurance fund.

* * * * *

(9) Insured holder. The current owner of an insured note other than Rural
Development, according to the records of Rural Development as insurer of the
note.

(10) Insured note. Any promissory note or bond evidencing an insured loan
regardless of whether it is held by Rural Development in the insurance fund, by
a private holder, or by Rural Development as trustee.

* * * * *

(12) National Office. The Administrator or other authorized officer of Rural
Development in Washington, DC.

(13) Option period. Any period during which the insured holder has the optional
right to require Rural Development to purchase the insured note, as specified in
the insurance agreement.

* * * * *

(15) Private buyer. A buyer of an insured note other than Rural Development.

(16) Private holder. An insured holder other than Rural Development.

(17) Repurchase agreement. A provision in the insurance agreement obligating
Rural Development to buy the insured note at the option of the holders.

* * * * *

(19) State Director. The State Director of Rural Development for the State in
which is located the real estate improved, purchased, or refinanced with the
loan evidenced by the insured note.

(b) * * *

(1) Reserve bank. The Federal Reserve Bank of New York (and any other Federal
Reserve Bank which agrees to issue securities in book-entry form) as fiscal
agent of the United States acting on behalf of Rural Development and, when
indicated, acting in its individual capacity.

(2) Rural Development security. A certificate representing beneficial ownership
of notes, bonds, debentures, or other similar obligations held by Rural
Development under the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act and title V of
the Housing Act of 1949, issued in the form of a definitive Rural Development
security or a book-entry Rural Development security.

(3) Definitive Rural Development security. A Rural Development security in
engraved on printed form.

(4) Book-entry Rural Development security. A Rural Development security in the
form of an entry made as prescribed in this subpart on the records of a Reserve
bank.

(5) Pledge. A pledge of, or any other security interest in, Rural Development
securities as collateral for loans or advances, or to secure deposits of public
moneys or the performance of an obligation.

(6) Date of call. The date fixed in the official notice of call published in
theFederal Registeron which Rural Development will make payment of the security
before maturity in accordance with its terms.

* * * * *
§ 1901.504 [Amended]

87. Amend § 1901.504 by removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law
103-354 financing" and adding "Rural Development financing" in its place and by
removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354's fiscal agents"
and adding "Rural Development's fiscal agents" in its place.
§ 1901.505 [Amended]

88. Amend § 1901.505 section heading and paragraphs (a)(1), (a)(2), and (b) by
removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1901.506 [Amended]

89. Amend § 1901.506 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" each time it
appears and adding "Rural Development" in the following places:

i. The section heading;

ii. Paragraphs (a)(1), (a)(2), (a)(3);

iii. Paragraphs (b)(1) introductory text, (b)(2), (b)(3), (b)(4), (b)(5);

iv. Paragraphs (c)(1) introductory text, (c)(1)(i), (c)(1)(iv), (c)(2), (c)(3),
(c)(4), (c)(5);

v. Paragraphs (d) paragraph heading, (d)(1), (d)(2);

vi. Paragraph (e) paragraph heading and text;

vii. Paragraph (f)(1);

viii. Paragraph (g) paragraph heading and text;

ix. Paragraph (h)(1); and

b. In paragraph (f)(2), removing "the Farmers Homes Administration or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and "Farmers Homes Administration or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in
their place.

90. Amend § 1901.507 by:

a. Revising the section heading to read as set forth below;

b. In paragraphs (b)(1) and (b)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (c)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

d. In paragraph (d)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

e. Removing in paragraph (d)(2) "Farmers Home Administration or its successor
Agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

f. In paragraph (d)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

g. Revising paragraph (e) to read as follows:
§ 1901.507 Certificates of beneficial ownership by the Rural Development Finance
Office.

* * * * *

(e) Assignments. Assignments of certificates should be executed by the owner or
the owner's authorized representative in the presence of an officer authorized
to certify assignments. Registered certificates may be assigned to a specified
transferee or to Rural Development for redemption or for exchange for other
certificates offered at maturity. Assignments to "United States, Rural
Development," "Farmers Home Administration for Transfer," or "Rural Development
for Exchange" will not be accepted unless supplemented by specific instructions
by or in behalf of the owner. If an alteration or erasure has been made in an
assignment, a new assignment from the assignor should be obtained. Otherwise, an
affidavit or explanation by the person responsible for the alteration or erasure
should be submitted for consideration.

* * * * *
§ 1901.508 [Amended]

91. Amend § 1901.508 by:

a. In the introductory text and in paragraphs (a)(1) through (a)(4), removing
"FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and
adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b)(1)(i), removing "Form FmHA or its successor Agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

c. In paragraph (b)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law
103-354 is requested" and adding "Rural Development is requested" in its place
and removing "Form FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

d. In paragraph (b)(3), removing "Form FmHA or its successor Agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "made to FmHA or its
successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "made to Rural
Development" in its place;

e. In paragraph (b)(4):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "records of FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "records of Rural Development" in its place; and

iii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

f. In paragraph (b)(5):

i. Removing "by FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever
it occurs and adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "However, FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "However, Rural Development" in its place; and

g. In the heading to paragraph (c) and in paragraphs (c)(1) introductory text,
(c)(2), and (d), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1901.509 [Amended]

92. Amend § 1901.509 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law
103-354's" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (b) introductory text, (b)(1) introductory text, and
(b)(1)(iii), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (b)(5):

i. Removing "and FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "and Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "to FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "to Rural Development" in its place; and

iii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place; and

d. In paragraph (b)(6), removing "the Farmers Home Administration or its
successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place; and

e. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
Part 1902 Supervised Bank Accounts

93. The authority citation for part 1902 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 7 U.S.C. 6991, et seq.; 42 U.S.C. 1480;
Reorganization Plan No. 2 of 1953 (5 U.S.C. App.).
Subpart A--Supervised Bank Accounts of Loan, Grant, and Other Funds
§ 1902.1
[Amended]

94. Amend § 1902.1 introductory text by adding at the end of the section "This
subpart is inapplicable to Farm Service Agency, Farm Loan Programs."
§ 1902.4 [Amended]

95. Amend § 1902.4 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "government" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (b)(2):

i. Removing "the FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "Rural Development will" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1902.9 [Amended]

96. Amend § 1902.9 in the heading of paragraph (a) by removing "FmHA or its
successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place.
§ 1902.10 [Amended]

97. Amend § 1902.10 by:

a. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (c), removing "Form FmHA or its successor Agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1902.15 [Amended]

98. Amend § 1902.15 by:

a. In the introductory text:

i. Removing "When FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "When Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354's" and
adding "Rural Development's" in its place.

b. In paragraphs (a) and (c)(1)(i) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its
successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place;

c. In paragraph(c)(1)(i)(B), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public
Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in their place;

d. In paragraph (c)(1)(i)(C), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its
place;

e. In paragraph (c)(1)(ii):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354 indebtedness"
and adding "Rural Development indebtedness" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354 borrower"
and adding "Rural Development borrower" in its place; and

iii. Removing "the FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

f. In paragraphs (c)(1)(iii) and (c)(2)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor
Agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1902.16 [Amended]

99. Amend § 1902.16 by:

a. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354s" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (d) by removing "of FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354's" and adding "due to Rural Development" in its place.
Part 1910 General

100. The authority citation for part 1910 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 42 U.S.C. 1480.
Subpart B--Credit Reports

100. Section 1910.51 is revised to read as follows:
§ 1910.51 Purpose.

This subpart prescribes the policies and procedures of Rural Development for
individual and joint type credit reports. Credit reports will be ordered to
determine the eligibility of applicants requesting Rural Development loans. A
nonrefundable fee will be charged the applicant. This subpart is inapplicable to
Farm Service Agency, Farm Loan Programs.
Subpart C--Commercial Credit Reports

101. Revise the first sentence of § 1910.101 to read as follows:
§ 1910.101 Preface.

This subpart (§§ 1910.101 through 1910.150) describes the procedure to be used
by Rural Development in obtaining commercial credit reports. * * *
Part 1924 Construction and Repair

102. The authority citation for part 1924 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 42 U.S.C. 1480.
Subpart A--Planning and Performing Construction and Other Development
§ 1924.1 [Amended]

103. Amend § 1924.1 by removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place.
§§ 1924.3, 1924.4, 1924.5, 1924.6, 1924.8, 1924.9, 1924.10, and 1924.13
[Amended]

102. Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and add "Agency" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1924.3;

b. Section 1924.4(d), (f), and (p);

c. Section 1924.5(d)(1) introductory text wherever it occurs, (d)(1)(iv),
(d)(1)(v), (f)(1)(i), (f)(1)(iii)(C)(4), (f)(2)(iii), (f)(2)(xii) wherever it
occurs, (g)(3), and (i)(4);

d. Section 1924.6(a)(6), (a)(8), (a)(10)(ii) wherever it occurs, and
(a)(11)(iv);

e. Section 1924.8(e);

f. Section 1924.9(b)(7);

g. Section 1924.10(c)(1) wherever it occurs; and

h. Section 1924.13(a) introductory text, (a)(1), (a)(3), (a)(5)(i)(B) wherever
it occurs, (a)(5)(ii)(C), (a)(5)(vi), (b)(2)(v), (e)(1) introductory text
wherever it occurs, (e)(1)(iii)(B)(2), (e)(2)(i)(B), (e)(2)(ii)(A), and
(e)(2)(vii).
§§ 1924.5, 1924.6, 1924.9, 1924.10, 1924.11, 1924.12, and 1924.13 [Amended]

103. Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and add "RD" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1924.5(b) wherever it occurs, (f)(1)(iii)(F), (f)(2)(i), (g)(1)
introductory text, and (g)(2);

b. Section 1924.6(a)(10)(iv) wherever it occurs, (a)(11)(iii), (a)(12)(ii),
(a)(12)(iii) wherever it occurs, (a)(12)(v)(A), (a)(12)(vi)(C)(2)(i),
(a)(12)(vi)(C)(2)(ii), (b)(3)(i) wherever it occurs, (b)(3)(ii)(C), and
(b)(3)(ii)(G);

c. Section 1924.9(c) wherever it occurs;

d. Section 1924.10(a)(4), (c)(2)(i), and (c)(2)(ii);

e. Section 1924.11(c);

f. Section 1924.12(a), (d)(1), and (d)(2); and

g. Section 1924.13(e)(1)(ii) introductory text wherever it occurs and (e)(2)(x).

§§ 1924.4, 1924.5, 1924.6, 1924.9, and 1924.13 [Amended]

104. Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and add "the Agency" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1924.4(h)(1), (h)(8), and (n);

b. Section 1924.5(d)(1)(i)(E)(1), (f)(1)(ii), (f)(1)(iii)(C), (f)(2)
introductory text, (f)(2)(vii), and (f)(2)(viii);

c. Section 1924.6(a)(2)(vi), (a)(3)(iii)(B), (a)(3)(iv)(D), (a)(3)(iv)(F),
(a)(11)(iv) wherever it occurs, (a)(12)(v)(C) wherever it occurs,
(a)(12)(vi)(C)(1)(ii), and (b)(3)(ii)(F);

d. Section 1924.9(d) and (e); and

e. Section 1924.13(a)(5)(i)(F), (a)(5)(iii)(C), (b)(2) wherever it occurs,
(e)(1)(i)(D), (e)(1)(i)(E), (e)(1)(iii)(B)(3), (e)(1)(vi)(A) wherever it occurs,
(e)(1)(vii)(A)(4), (e)(1)(vii)(B)(3), (e)(2)(i)(D), (e)(2)(ii)(C),
(e)(2)(iii)(C), (e)(2)(ix)(A) wherever it occurs, and (e)(2)(ix)(B).
§ 1924.5 [Amended]

105. Amend § 1924.5 by:

a. In paragraph (d)(1)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (f) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354's" and adding "the Agency's" in its place;

c. In paragraph (f)(1)(iii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "The Agency" in its place;

d. In paragraph (f)(2)(iii):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 for" and
adding "Agency for" in its place;

ii. Removing "that FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will"
and adding "the Agency will" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

e. In paragraph (h) introductory text:

i. Removing "of FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "of the Agency" in its place; and

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 forms" and
adding "RD forms" in its place; and

f. in paragraph (i)(5), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "The Agency" in its place.
§ 1924.6 [Amended]

106. Amend § 1924.6 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(1), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "(including FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354)" and adding "(including the
Agency)" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(3)(ii), removing "(including FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354)" and adding "(including the Agency)" in its place and
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will be" and
adding "The Agency will be" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(3)(iii)(A):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 prior" and
adding "the Agency prior" in its place;

ii. Removing "the owner and FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the owner and the Agency" in its place;

iii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by the Agency" in its place; and

iv. Removing "all FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "all Agency" in its place.

d. In paragraph (a)(11)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 employee" and adding "Agency employee" in its place and removing
"Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form
RD" in its place;

e. In paragraph (a)(12)(v)(B), removing "provide FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "provide the Agency" in its place and
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 official"
wherever it occurs and adding "Agency official" in its place;

f. In paragraph (a)(12)(vi)(B):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loan" and
adding "Agency loan" in its place;

ii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever
it occurs and adding "by the Agency" in its place;

iii. Removing "of FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "of the Agency" in its place; and

iv. Removing "the owner and FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the owner and the Agency" in its place; and

g. In paragraph (a)(12)(vi)(C) introductory text:

i. Removing "the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loan" and
adding "Agency loan" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "the Agency will" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1924.9 [Amended]

107. Amend § 1924.9 by:

a. In paragraph (a):

i. Removing "Rural Development office" and adding "Agency office" in its place;

ii. Removing "RHS or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 inpections"
wherever it occurs and adding "Agency inspections" in its place; and

iii. Removing "RHS or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 has" and
adding "the Agency has" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (b)(2), removing "the FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place.
§ 1924.10 [Amended]

108. Amend § 1924.10(a)(3) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354's security" and adding "the Agency's security" in its place
and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 security"
and adding "Agency security" in its place.
§ 1924.12 [Amended]

109. Amend § 1924.12 by:

a. In paragraph (b):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "the owner and FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the owner and the Agency" in its place; and

iii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by the Agency" in its place;

b. In paragraph (c), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Agency office" in
its place; and

c. In paragraph (d)(4), removing "notifies FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "notifies the Agency" in its place and removing
"Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form
RD" in its place.
§ 1924.13 [Amended]

110. Amend § 1924.13 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(4)(iii), removing "The Farmers Home Administration or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "The Agency" in its place
and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Approval
Official" and adding "Agency Approval Official" in its place;

b. In paragraph (e)(1)(ii)(F):

i. Removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever
it occurs and adding "to the Agency" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
regulations" and adding "Agency regulations" in its place;

c. In paragraph (e)(1)(ii)(G), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 offices" and adding"Agency offices" in its place, and
removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever
it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

d. In paragraph (e)(1)(ii)(H), removing "The Farmers Home Administration or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "The Agency" in its place
and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Official"
and adding "Agency Official" in its place;

e. In paragraph (e)(1)(iv):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 with" and
adding "the Agency with" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 offices"
and adding "Agency offices" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 personnel"
and adding "Agency personnel" in its place;

f. In paragraph (e)(1)(v) introductory text:

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office"
wherever it occurs and adding "Agency office" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "the Agency will" in its place;

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 contractor"
and adding "Agency contractor" in its place;

v. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 contracts"
and adding "Agency contracts" in its place; and

vi. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 personnel"
and adding "Agency personnel" in its place;

g. In paragraph (e)(1)(v)(A), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "to FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "to the Agency" in its
place;

h. In paragraph (e)(1)(v)(B):

i. Removing "the owner and FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the owner and the Agency" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

iii. Removing "prior to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "prior to the Agency" in its place; and

iv. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by the Agency" in its place;

i. In paragraph (e)(1)(v)(C):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by the Agency" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Agency office" in its place;

j. In paragraph (e)(1)(v)(D), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 regulations" and adding "Agency
regulations" in its place;

k. In paragraph (e)(1)(v)(E):

i. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by the Agency" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 reserves"
and adding "The Agency reserves" in its place;

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

iv. Removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever
it occurs and adding "to the Agency" in its place;

l. In paragraph (e)(1)(v)(G):

i. Removing "Forms FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Forms RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 1944-31" and
adding "RD 1944-31" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office"
wherever it occurs and adding "Agency office" in its place;

m. In paragraph (e)(1)(v)(I):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Agency office" in its place;

n. In paragraph (e)(1)(vi) introductory text, removing "Form FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form
RD" in its place and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 as shown" and adding "the Agency as shown" in its place;

o. In paragraph (e)(2)(i)(G), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "by FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "by the Agency" in its
place;

p. In paragraph (e)(2)(i)(H), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "to FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "to the Agency" in its
place;

q. In paragraph (e)(2)(viii) introductory text:

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Agency office" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 contractor"
and adding "Agency contractor" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 contracts"
and adding "Agency contracts" in its place;

r. In paragraph (e)(2)(viii)(A):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 regulations"
and adding "Agency regulations" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 reserves"
and adding "The Agency reserves" in its place;

iv. Removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "to the Agency" in its place;

v. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354office" and
adding "Agency office" in its place; and

vi. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by the Agency" in its place;

s. In paragraph (e)(2)(viii)(B):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 must" and
adding "the Agency must" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by the Agency" in its place;

t. In paragraph (e)(2)(viii)(D):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Agency office" in its place; and

u. In paragraph (e)(2)(ix):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 District" and
adding "Agency District" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

iii. Removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "to the Agency" in its place;

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
Representative" and adding "Agency Representative" in its place; and

v. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 does not" and
adding "the Agency does not" in its place.
Exhibit B to Subpart A [Amended]

111. Amend Exhibit B to Subpart A of Part 1924 by:

a. In the introductory text:

i. Removing "of FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "of the Agency" in its place;

ii. Removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place; and

iii. Removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "an Agency" in its place;

b. In paragraph I.B, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

c. In paragraph III.B:

i. Removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "an Agency" in its place;

ii. Removing "local FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "local Agency" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

d. In paragraph IV, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place;

e. In paragraph V introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

f. In paragraph V.D introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place;

g. In paragraph V.E, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

h. In paragraph V.H, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

i. In paragraph V.J, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

j. In paragraph VI.A introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

k. In paragraph VI.A.3, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

l. In paragraph VII.C introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

m. In paragraph IX, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 will" and adding "The Agency will" in its place and removing "of the
FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "of the
Agency" in its place;

n. In paragraph X.B, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

o. In paragraph X.C, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

p. In Attachment 1 to Exhibit B by:

i. In the introductory text, removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place and
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"Agency" in its place;

ii. In paragraph A.10, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

iii. In paragraph B.4(c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "U.S. Department of Agriculture," in its place;

q. In Attachment 2 to Exhibit B by:

i. In the second introductory paragraph, removing "Farmers Home Administration
(FmHA) or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in
its place;

ii. In paragraph 2, removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "by the Agency" in its place;

iii. In paragraph 3, removing "local FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "local Agency" in its place;

iv. In paragraph 3, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

v. In paragraph 3, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Thermal" and adding "Agency Thermal" in its place;

vi. In paragraph 6 and the second undesginated concluding paragraph, removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 personnel" and adding "RD
personnel" in its place;

vii. In paragraph 6, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 State" and adding "Agency State" in its place; and

viii. In paragraph 6, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 inspection" and adding "RD inspection" in its place; and

r. In Attachment 5 to Exhibit B by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Agency" in its place.
Exhibit C to Subpart A [Amended]

112. Amend Exhibit C to Subpart A of Part 1924 by:

a. In paragraphs II.A introductory text and V.B introductory text, removing "any
FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and
adding "any Agency" in its place;

b. In paragraphs IV introductory text and IV.A introductory text, removing"Form
FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

c. In paragraph IV.A.1, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 form" and adding "RD form" in its place.
Exhibit D to Subpart A [Amended]

113. Amend Exhibit D to Subpart A of Part 1924 by removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding
"Agency" in its place in the following places:

a. Paragraph IV.A;

b. Paragraph IV.C.1.a;

c. Paragraph IV.C.1.b;

d. Paragraph IV.C.2.b; and

e. Paragraph V.A.
Exhibit H to Subpart A [Amended]

114. Amend Exhibit H to Subpart A of Part 1924 by:

a. In paragraph II, removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

b. In paragraph IV.B, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 requires" and adding "the Agency requires" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 County" and adding
"Agency County" in its place;

c. In paragraph IV.C, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 requires" and adding "the Agency requires" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 County" and adding
"Agency County" in its place;

d. In paragraph IV.D, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Agency" in its place; and

e. In paragraph IV.E, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place.
Exhibit I to Subpart A [Amended]

115. Amend Exhibit I to Subpart A of Part 1924 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "the Agency" in its place in the following places:

i. Paragraph 300-3; and

ii. Paragraph 302-2.5; and

b. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Agency" in its place in the following places:

i. Paragraph 302-2.3;

ii Paragraph 303-1.
Exhibit J to Subpart A [Amended]

116. Amend Exhibit J to Subpart A of Part 1924, Part A by:

a. In Section I:

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 field" and
adding "Agency field" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 housing" and
adding "Agency housing" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 may" and
adding "The Agency may" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "The Agency will" in its place;

b. In Section II introductory text by:

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 has" and
adding "The Agency has" in its place;

ii. Removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "to the Agency" in its place; and

iii. Removing "of FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "of Agency" in its place;

c. In Section II.B:

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 field" and
adding "Agency field" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loan" and
adding "Agency loan" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354/MPS" and
adding "Agency/MPS" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 in that" and
adding "the Agency in that" in its place;

d. In Section III:

i. In the definition of `Manufactured Home" removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354's" and adding "the Agency's" in its place; and

ii. In the definition of `Permanent Perimeter Enclosure' removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 adopted" and adding "Agency adopted"
in its place;

e. In Section IV, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place;

f. In Section V:

i. In the introductory text, removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "by the Agency" in its place;

ii. In Section V.2, removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "by the Agency" in its place and removing "to FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "to the Agency" in its
place; and

iii. In Section V.2.B introductory text, removing "by FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "by the Agency" in its place and
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 regulations" and
adding "Agency regulations" in its place;
Exhibit J to Subpart A [Amended]

117. Amend Exhibit J to Subpart A of Part 1924, Part B by:

a. In Section I.C removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "the Agency's" in its place;

b. In Section I.I, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

c. In Section II.A introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354/MPS" and adding "Agency/MPS" in its place and removing
"to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "to the
Agency" in its place;

d. In Section II.A.1, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354/MPS" and adding "Agency/MPS" in its place and removing "to FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "to the Agency" in its
place;

e. In Section II.A.2, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

f. In Section II.A.4, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

g. In Section II.A.6, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 adopted" and adding "Agency adopted" in its place and removing "to FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "to the Agency" in
its place;

h. In Section II.A.8, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "the Agency's" in its place;

i. In Section II.C.1, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354/MPS" wherever it occurs and adding "Agency/MPS" in its place;

j. In Section II.C.2, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under PublicLaw
103-354/MPS" and adding "Agency/MPS" in its place;

k. In Section III.A, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354/MPS" and adding "Agency/MPS" in its place;

l. In Section III.C, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

m. In Section IV.A.1, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354/MPS" and adding "Agency/MPS" in its place; and

n. In Section IV.C.2, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354/MPS" and adding "Agency/MPS" in its place and removing "by FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "by the Agency" in its
place;
Exhibit J to Subpart A [Amended]

118. Amend Exhibit J to Subpart A of Part 1924, Part C by:

a. In Section I introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place;

b. In Section I.B, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Agency" in its place;

c. In Section I.C:

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 County" and
adding "Agency County" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354/MPS" and
adding "Agency/MPS" in its place; and

iii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by the Agency" in its place; and

d. In Section V.A, removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place.
Exhibit J to Subpart A [Amended]

119. Amend Exhibit J to Subpart A of Part 1924, Part D, Inspection of
Development Works, Section II.D by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354's" and adding "the Agency's" in its place.
Exhibit K to Subpart A [Amended]

120. Amend Exhibit K to Subpart A of Part 1924 by:

a. In Section I, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place;

b. In Section II, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" wherever it occurs and adding "the Agency's" in its place and
removing "between FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "between the Agency" in its place; and

c. In Section III, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place.
Exhibit L to Subpart A [Amended]

121. Amend Exhibit L to Subpart A of Part 1924 by:

a. In Section I introductory text, removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA)
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its
place;

b. In Section I.A, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place;

c. In Section I.B, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place;

d. In Section I.C, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place;

e. In Section II.B, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "the Agency" in its place;

f. In Section III.E, removing "if FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "if the Agency" in its place and removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 inspections" wherever it occurs and
adding "Agency inspections" in its place;

g. In Section IV.A(6), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

h. In Section IV.B(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

i. In Section IV.B(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place; and

j. In Attachment 1, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place.
Subpart C--Planning and Performing Site Development Work
§§ 1924.103 and 1924.119
[Amended]

122. Amend §§ 1924.103 and 1924.119 by removing "FmHA" and adding "RD" in its
place and by removing "(available in any RHS field office)" wherever it occurs.
Subpart F--Complaints and Compensation for Construction Defects
§ 1924.251
[Amended]

123. Amend § 1924.251 by removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place.
§§ 1924.252, 1924.253, 1924.258, 1924.260, 1924.261, 1924.262, 1924.265,
1924.266, 1924.274, and 1924.276 [Amended]

124. Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and add "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1924.252;

b. Section 1924.253;

c. Section 1924.258;

d. Section 1924.260;

e. Section 1924.261;

f. Section 1924.262;

g. Section 1924.265;

h. Section 1924.266;

i. Section 1924.274; and

j. Section 1924.276.
§ 1924.259 [Amended]

125. Amend § 1924.259 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "a format specified by FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 (available in any FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 office)" and adding "a Rural Development approved
format" in its place and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 will" and adding "Rural Development will" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 using a format specified by FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 (available in any FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 office)" and adding "Rural Development using a Rural Development
approved format" in its place;

c. In paragraphs (c), (d), and (e) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural
Development" in its place;

d. In paragraph (e)(2) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354's findings" and adding "the findings" in its place; and

e. In paragraphs (e)(2)(i), (e)(2)(ii), (e)(3), and (e)(4), removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding
"Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1924.271 [Amended]

126. Amend § 1924.271 by removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "to Rural Development" in its place and by removing
"(available in any FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
office)".
§ 1924.273 [Amended]

127. Amend § 1924.273 by removing "(available in any FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 office)".
Part 1925 Taxes

128. The authority citation for part 1925 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 42 U.S.C. 1480.
Subpart C--Planning and Performing Site Development Work
§ 1925.2
[Amended]

129. Amend § 1925.2 by removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place.
§ 1925.3 [Amended]

130. Amend § 1925.3(c) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1925.4 [Amended]

131. Amend § 1925.4 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Agency" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
Part 1927 Title Clearance and Loan Closing

132. The authority citation for part 1927 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 42 U.S.C. 1480.
Subpart B--Real Estate Title Clearance and Loan Closing
§ 1927.52
[Amended]

133. Amend § 1927.52 by removing the definition of "FSA" and revising the
definitions of "Agency", "National Office", "RHS", and "State Office" to read as
follows:
§ 1927.52 Definitions.

Agency. The Rural Housing Service (RHS) or its successor agency.

* * * * *

National Office. The National Headquarters Office of RHS.

* * * * *

RHS. The Rural Housing Service, an agency of the United States Department of
Agriculture, or its successor agency.

* * * * *

State Office. This term refers to the Rural Development State Director.

* * * * *
Part 1940 General

134. The authority citation for part 1940 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; and 42 U.S.C. 1480.
Subpart I--Truth in Lending-Real Estate Settlement Procedures
§ 1940.401
[Amended]

135. Amend § 1940.401 by:

a. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (d)(4)(iii), removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 to the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
County Office" and adding "by Rural Development to the Rural Development County
Office" in its place.
§ 1940.406 [Amended]

136. Amend § 1940.406 by removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place.
Subpart L--Methodology and Formulas for Allocation of Loan and Grant Program
Funds
§ 1940.551
[Amended]

137. Amend § 1940.551 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "Administrator of the Farmers Home Administration
(FmHA) or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"Administrator for the Rural Business-Cooperative Service or the Administrator
for the Rural Housing Service, as applicable," in its place; and

b. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§§ 1940.552, 1940.557, 1940.578, and 1940.585 [Amended]

138. Amend §§ 1940.552(e), 1940.577(b)(2), 1940.578(k), and 1940.585(g) by
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place.

139. Revise § 1940.560(b)(3) to read as follows:
§ 1940.560 Guaranteed Rural Rental Housing Program.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(3) State's percentage of National average cost per unit. The data source for
the criterion specified in paragraph (b)(1) of this section is the most recent
decennial Census of the United States (decennial Census). The data source for
the criterion specified in paragraph (b)(2) of this section is 5-year income
data from the American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other Census Bureau
data. The data source for the criterion specified in paragraph (b)(3) of this
section is the cost per unit data using the applicable maximum per unit dollar
amount limitations under section 207(c) of the National Housing Act, which can
be obtained from the Department of Housing and Urban Development. The percentage
representing each criterion is multiplied by the weight assigned and totaled to
arrive at a State factor.

State Factor = (criterion No. 1 × weight of 40%) + (criterion No. 1 × weight of
40%) + (criterion No. 1 × weight of 20%)

* * * * *

140. In § 1940.563, revise paragraph (b)(4) and add paragraph (b)(5) to read as
follows:
§ 1940.563 Section 502 non-subsidized guaranteed Rural Housing (RH) loans.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(4) State's percentage of the national number of rural renter households paying
more than 35 percent of income for rent. The data source for each criterion is
specified in paragraph (b)(5) of this section. Each criterion is assigned a
specific weight according to its relevance in determining need. The percentage
representing each criterion is multiplied by the weight factor and summed to
arrive at a basic State factor (SF) as follows:

SF = (criterion 1 × weight of 30%) + (criterion 2 × weight of 10%) + (criterion
3 × weight of 30%) + (criterion 4 × weight of 30%)

(5) The data source for the criteria specified in paragraphs (b)(1) and (b)(2)
of this section is the most recent decennial Census. The data source for the
criteria specified in paragraph (b)(3) and (b)(4) of this section is 5-year
income data from the AmericanCommunity Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other Census
Bureau data.

* * * * *

141. In § 1940.564, revise paragraph (b)(4) and add paragraph (b)(5) to read as
follows:
§ 1940.564 Section 502 subsidized guaranteed Rural Housing loans.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(4) State's percentage of the national number of rural renter households paying
more than 35 percent of income for rent. The data source for each criterion is
specified in paragraph (b)(5) of this section. Each criterion is assigned a
specific weight according to its relevance in determining need. The percentage
representing each criterion is multiplied by the weight factor and summed to
arrive at a basic State factor (SF) as follows:

SF = (criterion 1 × weight of 30%) + (criterion 2 × weight of 10%) + (criterion
3 × weight of 30%) + (criterion 4 × weight of 30%)

(5) The data source for the criteria specified in paragraphs (b)(1), (b)(2), and
(b)(4) of this section is the most recent decennial Census. The data source for
the criterion specified in paragraph (b)(3) of this section is 5-year income
data from the American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other Census Bureau
data.

* * * * *

142. Revise § 1940.566(b)(2) to read as follows:
§ 1940.566 Section 504 Housing Repair loans.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(2) State's percentage of the National number of rural households below 50
percent of area median income. The data source for the first criterion is the
most recent decennial Census data. The data source for the second criterion is
5-year income data from the American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other
Census Bureau data. Each criterion is assigned a specific weight according to
its relevance in determining need. The percentage representing each criterion is
multiplied by the weight factor and summed to arrive at a basic State factor
(SF).

SF = (criterion No. 1 × weight of 50%) + (criterion No. 2 × weight of 50%)

* * * * *

143. Revise § 1940.567(b)(3) to read as follows:
§ 1940.567 Section 504 Housing Repair grants.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(3) State's percentage of the National number of rural households below 50
percent of area median income. The data source for the first two of these
criteria is the most recent decennial Census data. The data source for the third
criterion is the 5-year data from the American Community Survey (ACS) or, if
needed, other Census Bureau data. Each criterion is assigned a specific weight
according to its relevance in determining need. The percentage representing each
criterion is multiplied by the weight factor and summed to arrive at a basic
State factor (SF).

SF = (criterion No. 1 × weight of 33 1/3%) + (criterion No. 2 × weight of 33
1/3%) + (criterion No. 3 × weight of 33 1/3%)

* * * * *

144. Revise § 1940.575(b)(3) to read as follows:
§ 1940.575 Section 515 Rural Rental Housing (RRH) loans.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(3) State's percentage of National rural families with incomes below the poverty
level. The data source for the first two of these criterion is the most recent
decennial Census data. The data source for the third criterion is the 5-year
data from the American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other Census Bureau
data. Each criterion is assigned a specific weight according to its relevance in
determining need. The percentage representing each criterion is multiplied by
the weight assigned and summed to arrive at a State factor (SF).

SF = (criterion No. 1 × weight of 33 1/3%) + (criterion No. 2 × weight of 33
1/3%) + (criterion No. 3 × weight of 33 1/3%)

* * * * *

145. Revise § 1940.585(b)(2) to read as follows:
§ 1940.585 Community Facility loans.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(2) The data source for the first criterion is the most recent decennial Census
data. The data source for the second criterion is the 5-year data from the
American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other Census Bureau data. The
data source for the third criterion is the most recent Bureau of Labor
Statistics data. Each criterion is assigned a specific weight according to its
relevance in determining need. The percentage representing each criterion is
multiplied by the weight factor and summed to arrive at a State factor (SF). The
SF cannot exceed 0.05.

SF = (criterion (b)(1)(i) × 50 percent) + (criterion (b)(1)(ii) × 25 percent) +
(criterion (b)(1)(iii) × 25 percent)

* * * * *

146. Amend § 1940.591 by:

a. Revising paragraph (b)(2); and

b. In paragraph (g), removing "(available in any FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 office)."

The revision reads as follows:
§ 1940.591 Community Program Guaranteed loans.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(2) The data source for the first criterion is the most recent decennial Census
data. The data source for the second criterion is the 5-year data from the
American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other Census Bureau data. The
data source for the third criterion is the most recent Bureau of Labor
Statistics data. Each criterion is assigned a specific weight according to its
relevance in determining need. The percentage representing each criterion is
multiplied by the weight factor and summed to arrive at a State factor (SF). The
SF cannot exceed 0.05.

SF = (criterion (b)(1)(i) × 50 percent) + (criterion (b)(1)(ii) × 25 percent) +
(criterion (b)(1)(iii) × 25 percent)

* * * * *

147. Revise § 1940.592(b)(2) to read as follows:
§ 1940.592 Community facilities grants.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(2) The data source for the first criterion is the most recent decennial Census
data. The data source for the second criterion is the 5-year data from the
American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other Census Bureau data. Each
criterion is assigned a specific weight according to its relevance in
determining need. The percentage representing each criterion is multiplied by
the weight factor and summed to arrive at a State factor (SF).

SF (criterion (b)(1)(i) × 50 percent) + (criterion (b)(1)(ii) × 50 percent)

* * * * *
Subpart T--System for Delivery of Certain Rural Development Programs
§ 1940.951
[Amended]

148. Amend § 1940.951 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place; and

b. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under PublicLaw
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1940.953 [Amended]

149. Amend § 1940.953 by:

a. In the definition of `Administrator', removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Business--Cooperative Service, Rural
Housing Service, or Rural Utilities Service" in its place; and

b. In the defintion of `State Director', removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§§ 1940.956, 1940.957, 1940.960, and 1940.969 [Amended]

150. Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and add "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1940.956;

b. Section 1940.957(d);

c. Section 1940.960(a); and

d. Section 1940.969.
§ 1940.961 [Amended]

151. Amend § 1940.961 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(1), removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction"
in its place and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
State" and adding "RD State" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

c. In paragraph (d)(1), removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction"
in its place.
§ 1940.965 [Amended]

152. Amend § 1940.965 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1940.968 [Amended]

153. Amend § 1940.968 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (c) and (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (h)(4), removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction"
in its place and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
office" and adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

d. In paragraph (i)(2)(vii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

e. In paragraph (i)(3)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

f. In paragraph (i)(3)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

g. In paragraph (i)(3)(iii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

h. In paragraph (i)(3)(iv), removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD
Instruction" in its place and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

i. In paragraph (j)(2):

i. Removing "Exhibit A (available from any FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354RD State Office), shall be attached to and become a permanent
part of Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 1940-A and
the following paragraphs will appear in the comment section of that form:" and
adding "Exhibit A of this subpart (available from any Rural Development State
Office) shall be attached to and become a permanent part of Form RD 1940-1 and
the following paragraphs will appear in the comment section of that form:" in
its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 7 CFR part
1940" and adding "7 CFR part 1940" in its place; and

iii. Removing "approved by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "approved by Rural Development" in its place;

j. In paragraph (j)(4), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will retain" and adding
"Rural Development will retain" in its place;

k. In paragraph (j)(6), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

l. In paragraphs (j)(7) and (l), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
Part 1942 Associations

154. The authority citation for part 1942 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989.
Subpart A--Community Facility Loan
§ 1942.1
[Amended]

155. Amend § 1942.1 by:

a. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Agency's" in its place;

b. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

c. In pragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Agency" in its place.
§ 1942.2 [Amended]

156. Amend § 1942.2:

a. In paragraph (a)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD's" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(2)(iv), removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "by RD" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 funding" and adding "Agency funding" in its place and removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will issue" and adding "the Agency
will issue" in its place;

d. In paragraph (a)(4), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in their place;

e. In paragraph (c)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place; and

f. In paragraphs (d) and (e), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its
place.
§ 1942.3 [Amended]

157. Amend § 1942.3 by:

a. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

b. Removing "422-10" and adding "442-10" in its place; and

c. Removing "by the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by the RD" in its place.
§ 1942.5 [Amended]

158. Amend § 1942.5 by:

a. In paragraph (a) introductory text, removing "Ordinarily FmHA or itssuccessor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "The Rural Development" in its place
and removing "by the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by the Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(1)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place and removing
"(Public Resolution)" and adding "(Public Bodies)" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(1)(ii):

i. Removing "approved by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
by written" and adding "approved by written" in its place;

ii. Removing "approved by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
shall" and adding "approved by RD shall" in its place;

iii. Removing "If FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 makes
the loan" and adding "If (insert agency name) makes the loan" in its place;

iv. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

v. Removing "submitted to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "submitted to RD" in its place; and

vi. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 reserves"
and adding "Rural Development reserves" in its place;

d. In paragraphs (b)(1)(ii)(E) and (c)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

e. In paragraph (d) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural Development office" in its
place and removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "Form RD" in its place;

f. In paragraphs (d)(1) and (d)(2), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

g. In paragraph (d)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Field Office terminal" and adding "automated terminal" in its place and
removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever
it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

h. In paragraph (d)(5):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Field" and
adding "Rural Development Field" in its place;

ii. Removing "the Legislative Affairs and Public Information Staff in the
National Office" and adding "the Legislative and Public Affairs Staff in the
Rural Development National Office" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

i. In paragraph (d)(6), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

j. In paragraph (d)(7) introductory text, removing "Form FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Field" and adding "Rural
Development Field" in its place; and

k. In paragraph (d)(7)(iii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1942.6 [Amended]

159. Amend § 1942.6 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1942.8 [Amended]

160. Amend § 1942.8:

a. In paragraph (d), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

b. In paragraph (g), removing "review of FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354's" and adding "review of Rural Developments's" in its place;
and

c. In paragraph (h), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 personnel" and adding "Rural Development personnel" in its place and
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction" and
adding "RD Instruction" in its place.
§ 1942.16 [Amended]

161. Amend § 1942.16 introductory text by removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding
"RD Instruction" in its place and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural Development office" in its place.
§ 1942.17 [Amended]

162. Amend § 1942.17 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"Rural Development" in its place wherever it occurs in the following places:

i. Paragraph (a);

ii. Paragraphs (b)(2)(i), (b)(3), and (b)(4);

iii. Paragraphs (c)(1), (c)(2) introductory text, and (c)(2)(iv) introductory
text;

iv. Paragraphs (d)(1)(iv)(B), (d)(1)(iv)(G) introductory text,
(d)(1)(iv)(G)(2)(ii), (d)(1)(v) introductory text, (d)(1)(v)(C), and
(d)(1)(v)(D);

v. Paragraphs (e)(1) introductory text, (e)(1)(ii), and (e)(4);

vi. Paragraph (f)(6);

vii. Paragraph (f)(7) introductory text and (f)(7)(i)(D);

viii. Paragraph (g) introductory text;

ix. Paragraphs (h) introductory text, (h)(1)(ii)(B), (h)(2)(ii)(A)(2),
(h)(2)(ii)(B), (h)(2)(iii) introductory text, (h)(2)(iii)(C), and (h)(3)
introductory text;

x. Paragraphs (j)(3)(i)(A) through (D), (j)(3)(ii)(A), (j)(4) introductory text,
(j)(4)(iii)(C), (j)(5), (j)(7), (j)(9), (j)(10)(ii), (j)(10)(iv), and (j)(11);

xi. Paragraphs (k) introductory text, (k)(1)(iv), (k)(4), and (k)(5);

xii. Paragraphs (m)(3) through (m)(6);

xiii. Paragraphs (n)(1), (n)(2)(xiii), (n)(3)(ii), and (n)(6);

xiv. Paragraph (o)(3);

xv. Paragraphs (p)(2) introductory text, (p)(2)(iii), and (p)(3)(i) through
(iii);

b. Revising paragraphs (b)(1)(i)(A), (b)(1)(i)(B), (b)(2)(iii), and (b)(2)(iv);

c. In paragraph (b)(5), removing in the paragraph heading "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354"; and removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 shall" and adding "The Government shall" in its place;

d. In paragraph (c)(2)(iii)(E), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 funds" and adding "Rural Devleopment funds" in its place and
removing "between FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and
adding "between Rural Development's" in its place;

e. In paragraph (d)(1)(v)(E):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 may" and
adding "Rural Development may" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's
authorization" and adding "Rural Development's authorization" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
authorization" and adding "Rural Development authorization" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 approval"
and adding "Rural Development approval" in its place;

f. In paragraph (f)(5), removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction"
in its place and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
office" and adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

g. In paragraph (f)(6), revising the third, fourth, and fifth sentences;

h. In paragraphs (g)(1) introductory text and (g)(1)(i), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "the
United States" in its place;

i. In paragraph (g)(1)(ii) introductory text:

i. Removing "acceptable to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "acceptable to the United States" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 portion" and
adding "United States portion" in its place;

iii. Removing "include FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "include United States" in its place;

iv. Removing "the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State
Director" and adding "the State Director" in its place; and

v. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 must" and
adding "The United States must" in its place;

j. In paragraph (g)(1)(iv), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354";

k. In paragraph (g)(2)(iii)(A)(7):

i. Removing "Farmers Home Adminstration or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

l. In paragraph (g)(3)(i) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

m. In paragraphs (g)(3)(i)(B) and (D), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "the United States" in
its place;

n. In paragraph (g)(3)(iii)(A)(3):

i. Removing "Farmers Home Adminstration or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

o. In paragraph (h)(2)(i)(B)(2), removing "the Farmers Home Administration or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in
its place;

p. In paragraph (j)(3) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354's" and adding "RD's" in its place;

q. In paragraph (j)(3)(ii)(B):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "acceptable to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "acceptable to Rural Development" in its place; and

iii. Removing "determined by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "determined by Rural Development" in its place;

r. Revising paragraph (j)(3)(iii);

s. In paragraph (j)(4)(i) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its
place;

t. In paragraph (j)(4)(i)(A), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "give FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "give Rural
Development" in its place;

u. In paragraph (j)(4)(i)(B) introductory text, removing "Form FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form
RD" in its place and removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

v. In paragraph (j)(4)(i)(B)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its
place and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and
adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

w. In paragraph (j)(6)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

x. In paragraph (k)(7), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 financial" and adding "Agency financial" in its place and removing "The
FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State Director" and adding
"The State Director" in its place;

y. In paragraph (k)(8), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

z. In paragraph (l)(1):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 concurrence"
and adding "Agency concurrence" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354/EPA" and
adding "Agency/EPA" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 and EPA" and
adding "RD and EPA" in its place;

aa. In paragraph (l)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place;

bb. In paragraphs (l)(4) and (m)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

cc. In paragraph (m)(2):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will
tentatively" and adding "RD will tentatively" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loan" and
adding "agency loan" in its place;

iii. Removing "from FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "from Rural Development" in its place;

iv. Removing "where FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "where Rural Development" in its place;

v. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will notify"
and adding "Rural Development will notify" in its place; and

vi. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loans" and
adding "Rural Development loans" in its place;

dd. In paragraph (n)(2) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its
place;

ee. In paragraph (n)(2)(vii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

ff. In paragraph (n)(2)(x), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place;

gg. In paragraph (n)(3) introductory text:

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 funds" and
adding "Rural Development funds" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's
commitment" and adding "Rural Development's commitment" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loan" and
adding "Rural Development loan" in its place;

iv. Removing "When an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "When a Rural Development" in its place; and

v. Removing "provide FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "provide Rural Development" in its place;

hh. In paragraph (p)(2)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

ii. In paragraph (p)(4):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 funds" and
adding "Rural Development funds" in its place;

ii. Removing "benefit of FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "benefit of Rural Development" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

jj. In paragraph (p)(5), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 funds" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place
and removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by the Agency" in its place;

kk. In paragraph (p)(6)(i)(A):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loan" and
adding "agency loan" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 grant" and
adding "agency grant" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
indebtedness" and adding "RD indebtedness" in its place; and

11. In paragraph (p)(6)(i)(B), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "agency" in its place.

The revisions read as follows:
§ 1942.17 Community facilities.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(1) * * *

(i) * * *

(A) Loans for water or waste disposal facilities will not be made to a city or
town with a population in excess of 10,000 inhabitants. The population figure is
obtained from the most recent decennial Census of the United States (decennial
Census). If the applicable population figure cannot be obtained from the most
recent decennial Census, RD will determine the applicable population figure
based on available population data.

(B) Loans for essential community facilities will not be made to a city or town
with a population in excess of 20,000 inhabitants according to the most recent
decennial Census.

* * * * *

(2) * * *

(iii) For water or waste disposal facilities, the terms rural and rural area
will not include any area in any city or town with a population in excess of
10,000 inhabitants. The population figure is obtained from the most recent
decennial Census. If the applicable population figure cannot be obtained from
the most recent decennial Census, RD will determine the applicable population
figure based on available population data.

(iv) For essential community facilities, the terms rural and rural area will not
include any area in any city or town with a population in excess of 20,000
inhabitants. The population figure is obtained from the most recent decennial
Census. If the applicable population figure cannot be obtained from the most
recent decennial Census, RD will determine the applicable population figure
based on available population data.

* * * * *

(f) * * *

(6) Income determination.* * * The median household income of the service area
and the nonmetropolitan median household income of the State will be determined
from 5-year income data from the American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed,
other Census Bureau data. If there is reason to believe that the ACS or other
Census Bureau data does not accurately represent the median household income
within the area to be served, the reasons will be documented and the applicant
may furnish, or Rural Development may obtain, additional information regarding
such median household income data. Information must consist of reliable data
from local, regional, State or Federal sources or from a survey conducted by a
reliable impartial source. * * *

(j) * * *

(3) * * *

(iii) Insurance. The following types of coverage must be maintained if
appropriate for the type of project and entity involved. Insurance must be in
amounts acceptable to the Agency and at least equivalent to coverage for real
property and equipment acquired without Federal funds.

(A) Property insurance. Fire and extended coverage will normally be maintained
on all structures except as noted in paragraphs (j)(3)(iii)(A)(1) and (2) of
this section. Ordinarily, Rural Development should be listed as mortgagee on the
policy when Rural Development has a lien on the property. Normally, major items
of equipment or machinery located in the insured structures must also be
covered. Exceptions:

(1) Reservoirs, standpipes, elevated tanks, and other structures built entirely
of noncombustible materials if such structures are not normally insured.

(2) Subsurface lift stations except for the value of electrical and pumping
equipment therein.

(B) Liability and property damage insurance, including vehicular coverage.

(C) Malpractice insurance. The need and requirements for malpractice insurance
will be carefully and thoroughly considered in connection with each health care
facility financed.

(D) Flood insurance. Facilities located in special flood- and mudslide-prone
areas must comply with the eligibility and insurance requirements of subpart B
of part 1806 of this chapter (RD Instruction 426.2).

(E) Worker's compensation. The borrower will carry worker's compensation
insurance for employees in accordance with State laws.

* * * * *
§ 1942.18 [Amended]

163. Amend § 1942.18 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"Rural Development" in its place wherever it occurs in the following places:

i. Paragraph (b);

ii. Paragraph (c);

iii. Paragraphs (d) introductory text, (d)(4), and (d)(11);

iv. Paragraph(e)(2);

v. Paragraphs(f)(1) introductory text, (f)(1)(iii)(C), (f)(5), and (f)(6);

vi. Paragraph (g);

vii. Paragraph (h);

viii. Paragraphs (j)(1) introductory text, (j)(2), and (j)(5)(iv);

ix. Paragraph (k)(5);

x. Paragraphs (m) introductory text, (m)(1) introductory text, (m)(2), and
(m)(4);

xi. Paragraphs (n) introductory text, (n)(5), (n)(6), (n)(8), (n)(9), and
(n)(11); and

xii. Paragraphs (o)(2) introductory text, (o)(2)(iii) introductory text,
(o)(2)(iii)(B), (o)(4)(iv), (o)(6), (o)(7)(i)introductory text, and (o)(7)(iii)
introductory text;

b. In paragraph (d)(1) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

c. In paragraph (d)(1)(i):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 offices" and
adding "Rural Development offices" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's
eligibility" and adding "the Rural Development's eligibility" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

d. In paragraph (d)(16), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 will" and adding "Rural Development will" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's State" and adding
"Rural Development's State" in its place;

e. In paragraph (e)(1):

i. Removing "from FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "from Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and
adding "Rural Development's" in its place; and

iii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

f. In paragraph (f) introductory text:

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State" and
adding "Rural Development State" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 review" and
adding "Rural Development review" in its place;

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loan" and
adding "Rural Development loan" in its place; and

v. Removing "pledged to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "pledged to Rural Development" in its place;

g. In paragraphs (f)(1)(iii)(B)(2) and(3), removing "Form FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

h. In paragraph (n)(3):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

iii. Removing "acting through the Farmers Home Administration or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "acting through Rural Development"
in its place;

i. In paragraph (o)(1), removing "where FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "where Rural Development" in its place and
removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever
it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

j. In paragraph (o)(3):

i. Removing "made by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "made by Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 for
acceptance" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development for acceptance" in
its place;

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

iv. Removing "from FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "from Rural Development" in its place;

k. In paragraph (o)(5), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 State" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development State" in its
place and removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "Form RD" in its place;

l. In paragraph (o)(7)(i)(C), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place; and

m. In paragraph (o)(7)(ii), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State" and adding "the Rural
Development State" in its place.
§ 1942.19 [Amended]

164. Amend § 1942.19 by:

a. In the following paragraphs, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its
place:

i. Paragraphs (b)(1), (b)(2) introductory text, (b)(2)(iv), and (b)(2)(vi);

ii. Paragraph (c)(11);

iii. Paragraph (d);

iv. Paragraphs (e) introductory text and (e)(2)(i) through (e)(2)(iii);

v. Paragraph (f);

vi. Paragraph (g) introductory text; and

vii. Paragraphs (h)(1), (h)(4), (h)(7), (h)(9), (h)(10)(ii), and (h)(10)(iii).

b. In paragraph (c) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in
its place and removing "discusesd" and adding "discussed" in its place;

c. In paragraph (e)(1), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

d. In paragraph (e)(2), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 advance" and adding
"Rural Development advance" in its place;

e. In paragraph (h)(2):

i. Removing "purchased by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "purchased by Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "Farmers Home Administration or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

iii. Removing "address of FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "address of Rural Development" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State
Office" and adding "Rural Development State Office" in its place;

f. In paragraph (h)(10)(iv), removing "FmHA" and adding "RD" in its place;

g. In paragraph (h)(11)(iii), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place; and

h. In paragraph (i):

i. Removing "Bidding by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "Bidding by Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will not"
and adding "Rural Development will not" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's rates"
and adding "Rural Development's rates" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will
negotiate" and adding "Rural Development will negotiate" in its place.
§ 1942.20 [Amended]

165. Amend § 1942.20 by:

a. In paragraph (a) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354";

b. In paragraph (a)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Agency's" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(12), removing "Farmers Home Administration or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354--Department of Agriculture Pertaining to EDA
Public Works Projects Assisted by an FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 Loan" and adding "Department of Agriculture Pertaining to EDA Public
Works Projects Assisted by an Agency Loan" in its place;

d. In paragraph (a)(13), removing "Farmers Home Administration or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354-";

e. In paragraphs (a)(18) and (a)(20), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

f. In paragraph (a)(25), removing "EPA and FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Environmental Protection Agency and the Agency"
in its place; and

g. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Agency" in its place.
Subpart C--Fire and Rescue and Other Small Community Facilities Projects
§ 1942.102
[Amended]

166. Amend § 1942.102 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "RD's" in its place.
§ 1942.105 [Amended]

167. Amend § 1942.105 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1942.107 [Amended]

168. Amend § 1942.107(c) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 funds" and adding "Agency funds" in its place and by removing "by
Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "by RD" in its place.
§ 1942.108 [Amended]

169. Amend § 1942.108(c) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1942.112 [Amended]

170. Amend § 1942.112 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(2)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(3) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 approval" and adding "Agency approval" in its place and
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 determines" and
adding "RD determines" in its place;

c. In paragraphs (a)(3)(iii) and (a)(3)(iv), removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

d. In paragraph (a)(3)(v):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 may
authorize" and adding "RD may authorize" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's
authorization" and adding "RD's authorization" in its place;

iii. Removing "and FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
authorization" and adding "and Agency authorization" in its place; and

iv. Removing "without FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
approval" and adding "without Agency approval" in its place.
§ 1942.114 [Amended]

171. Amend § 1942.114 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (a)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place.
§ 1942.115 [Amended]

172. Amend § 1942.115 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 may require" and adding "RD may require" in its place and by removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 employee" and adding
"Agency employee" in its place.
§ 1942.116 [Amended]

173. Amend § 1942.116 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place; and

b. In paragraphs (a) and (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1942.122 [Amended]

174. Amend § 1942.122 by:

a. In the heading of paragraph (a), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (f), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1942.123 [Amended]

175. Amend § 1942.123 by:

a. In paragraphs (a)(1) and (i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (k):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 personnel"
and adding "Agency personnel" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "RD office" in its place.
§ 1942.126 [Amended]

176. Amend § 1942.126 by:

a. In paragraph (b) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 may" and adding "RD may" in its place and removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "RD office" in its
place;

c. In paragraph (b)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 concurrence" and adding "Agency concurrence" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 may" and adding "RD may"
in its place;

d. In paragraphs (b)(3), (c), and (d)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place;

e. In paragraph (d)(2):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 for approval"
and adding "RD for approval" in its place;

ii. Removing "approved by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law103-354"
and adding "approved by RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 District"
and adding "Agency District" in its place;

f. In paragraph (h) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

g. In paragraph (k), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place;

h. In paragraph (l)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 will" and adding "RD will" in its place and removing "Form FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form
RD" in its place;

i. In paragraph (l)(2), removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "to RD" in its place and removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 funds" and adding "Agency funds" in its place;

j. In paragraph (l)(2)(iii) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

k. In paragraph (l)(2)(iii)(B), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

l. In paragraph (l)(3) introductory text:

i. Removing "or FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "or RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "inspector to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "inspector to RD" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 District"
and adding "Agency District" in its place;

iv. Removing "guide 11" and adding "Guide 11" in its place;

v. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

vi. Removing "Inspections by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Inspections by RD" in its place;

m. In paragraph (l)(4), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State Director" and adding "Agency
State Director" in its place;

n. In paragraphs (l)(5) and (l)(6)(i) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in
its place;

o. In paragraph (l)(6)(i)(C), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354's" and adding "RD's" in its place; and

p. In paragraph (l)(6)(ii), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 District" and adding "Agency District"
in its place; and

q. In paragraph (l)(6)(iii) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place.
§ 1942.127 [Amended]

177. Amend § 1942.127 by:

a. In paragraph (e)(1), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing
"by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "by RD" in
its place; and

b. In paragraph (e)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 loan" and adding "Agency loan" in its place and removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 may" and adding "RD may" in its place.

§ 1942.128 [Amended]

178. Amend § 1942.128(b) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1942.134 [Amended]

179. Amend § 1942.134 introductory text by removing "FmHA Instruction" and
adding "RD Instruction" in its place and by removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 Office" and adding "Rural Development office" in
its place.
Subpart G--Rural Business Enterprise Grants and Television Demonstration Grants
§ 1942.301
[Amended]

180. Amend § 1942.301 by removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever they occur and adding "Agency" in their
place.
§§ 1942.302. 1942.303, and 1942.304 [Amended]

181. Amend §§ 1942.302, 1942.303, and 1942.304 by removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding
"Agency" in its place.

182. In addition to the amendments set forth above, in § 1942.304, revise the
definition of "Rural and Rural Area" to read as follows:
§ 1942.304 Definitions.

* * * * *

Rural and Rural Area. Any area other than a city or town that has a population
of greater than 50,000 inhabitants and the urbanized area contiguous and
adjacent to such a city or town. The population figure is obtained from the most
recent decennial Census. If the applicable population figure cannot be obtained
from the most recent decennial Census, RD will determine the applicable
population figure based on available population data.

* * * * *
§ 1942.305 [Amended]

183. Amend § 1942.305 by:

a. In paragraph (b) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place; and

b. In paragraphs (b)(3)(iv)(A), (b)(3)(iv)(C), (b)(3)(iv)(E), and (b)(3)(v),
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD"
in its place.
§ 1942.306 [Amended]

184. Amend § 1942.306(c) by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 grant" and
adding "Agency grant" in its place;

b. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loan" and
adding "Agency loan" in its place; and

c. Removing "with FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "with RD" in its place.
§ 1942.308 [Amended]

185. Amend § 1942.308 by:

a. In paragraph (a):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 assistance"
and adding "Agency assistance" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 has" and
adding "RD has" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
regulations" and adding "Agency regulations" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place; and

c. In paragraph (d):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 for" and
adding "RD for" in its place;

ii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State" and
adding "Agency State" in its place.
§ 1942.310 [Amended]

186. Amend § 1942.310 by:

a. In paragraph (a):

i. Removing "When FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "When RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "no FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "no Agency" in its place;

iii. Removing "unless FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "unless RD" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 shall" and
adding "RD shall" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 will" and adding "RD will" in its place;

c. In paragraph (b)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "RD's" in its place;

d. In paragraph (b)(4):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "RD will" in its place;

iii. Removing "Forms FmHA" and adding "Forms RD" in its place;

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" wherever
it occurs and adding "RD's" in its place;

v. Removing "prior to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "prior to RD" in its place; and

vi. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 may" and
adding "RD may" in its place;

e. In paragraph (c)(1) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place;

f. In paragraph (c)(1)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

g. In paragraph (c)(3):

i. Removing "applicant to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "applicant to RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 National"
and adding "Agency National" in its place; and

iii. Removing "provided FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "provided RD" in its place;

h. In paragraph (c)(4):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 grant" and
adding "Agency grant" in its place;

ii. Removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "to RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "from FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "from RD" in its place.
§§ 1942.311 and 1942.313 [Amended]

187. Amend §§ 1942.311(b) and 1942.313(b) by removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1942.315 [Amended]

188. Amend § 1942.315(b) by removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1942.316 [Amended]

189. Amend § 1942.316(a) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
Part 1944 Housing

190. The authority citation for part 1944 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 42 U.S.C. 1480.
Subpart B--Housing Application Packaging Grants
§ 1944.51
[Amended]

191. Amend § 1944.51 by removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in their place.
§§ 1944.52 and 1944.53 [Amended]

192. Amend §§ 1944.52 and 1944.53 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in
its place.

193. In addition to the amendments set forth above, in § 1944.52, revise the
definition of "Designated counties" to read as follows:
§ 1944.52 Definitions.

* * * * *

Designated counties. These counties are listed in exhibit D of this subpart. The
counties meet the following criteria:

(1) Twenty percent or more of the county population is at or below the poverty
level based on the most recent 5-year survey of the American Community Survey of
the Census Bureau or other Census Bureau data if needed; and

(2) Ten percent or more of the occupied housing units are substandard based on
the most recent decennial Census of the United States.

* * * * *
§ 1944.71 [Amended]

194. Amend § 1944.71(b) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place.
§ 1944.73 [Amended]

195. Amend § 1944.73 by:

a. In paragraph (a) introductory text:

i. Removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office"
and adding "a Rural Development office" in its place;

ii. Removing "the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office"
and adding "the Rural Development office" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iv. Removing "any FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office"
and adding "any Rural Development office" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(2), removing "FmHA" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in
its place; and

d. In paragraphs (b) and (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
Subpart I--Self-Help Technical Assistance Grants
§ 1944.401
[Amended]

196. Amend § 1944.401 by removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "to Rural Development" in its place and by removing "an
FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "a Rural
Development" in its place.
§ 1944.402 [Amended]

197. Amend § 1944.402 introductory text by removing "Farmers Home Administration
(FmHA) or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural
Development" in its place.
§ 1944.403, 1944.404, 1944.415, 1944.416, 1944.419, 1944.422, and 1944.426
[Amended]

198. Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and add "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1944.403;

b. Section 1944.404;

c. Section 1944.415;

d. Section 1944.416;

e. Section 1944.419;

f. Section 1944.422; and

g. Section 1944.426.
§ 1944.410 [Amended]

199. Amend § 1944.410 by:

a. In paragraphs (b)(1)(ii) and (c)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

b. In paragraph (c)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

c. In paragraph (e)(6), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1944.411 [Amended]

200. Amend § 1944.411 by:

a. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (g), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1944.412 [Amended]

201. Amend § 1944.412 by removing "FmHA" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in
its place.
§ 1944.413 [Amended]

202. Amend § 1944.413 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1944.417 [Amended]

203. Amend § 1944.417 by:

a. In the introductory text to the section, removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural
Development" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (a)(1), (a)(2)(i), and (a)(2)(ii), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

c. In paragraphs (b) introductory text, (b)(1)(ii), and (b)(2), removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding
"Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1944.423 [Amended]

204. Amend § 1944.423 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" wherever
it occurs and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

b. Removing "only FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 can" and
adding "only Rural Development can" in its place; and

c. Removing "with FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 in the"
and adding "with Rural Development in the" in its place.
§ 1944.425 [Amended]

205. Amend § 1944.425 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place.
Subpart K--Technical and Supervisory Assistance Grants
§ 1944.501
[Amended]

206. Amend § 1944.501 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 employee" and adding "Rural Development employee" in its place and
removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 employee" and
adding "a Rural Development employee" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (b), removing "The Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place.
§ 1944.502 [Amended]

207. Amend § 1944.502 by:

a. In paragraphs (a) introductory text, (a)(1), and (b), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place;

b. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place and removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 resources" and adding "Rural
Development resources" in its place; and

c. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§§ 1944.506, 1944.510, 1944.512, 1944.514, 1944.516, 1944.520, 1944.525,
1944.529, 1944.538, 1944.541, 1944.543, 1944.547, and 1944.549 [Amended]

208. Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and add "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1944.506;

b. Section 1944.510;

c. Section 1944.512;

d. Section 1944.514;

e. Section 1944.516;

f. Section 1944.520;

g. Section 1944.525;

h. Section 1944.529;

i. Section 1944.538;

j. Section 1944.541;

k. Section 1944.543;

l. Section 1944.547; and

m. Section 1944.549.
§ 1944.526 [Amended]

209. Amend § 1944.526 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(2)(i)(E), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

b. In paragraphs (a)(5) and (c)(1)(i), removing "Form FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its
place.
§ 1944.531 [Amended]

210. Amend § 1944.531 by removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place and by
removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" from
paragraph (c)(13) and adding "by Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1944.533 [Amended]

211. Amend § 1944.533 by:

a. In paragraphs (c), (d), (f)(1), (f)(2) introductory text, (f)(2)(iii),
(f)(2)(iv), (f)(4) introductory text, (f)(4)(i), and (f)(6), removing "Form FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever its occurs and adding
"Form RD" in its place;

b. In paragraph (e) introductory text, removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding
"RD Instruction" in its place and removing "Director of Information in the
National Office" and adding "Director, Legislative and Public Affairs Staff
(LAPAS), in the Rural Development National Office" in its place;

c. In paragraph (f)(4)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

d. In paragraph (f)(5), removing "LAPIS" wherever it occurs and adding "LAPAS"
in its place and removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1944.535 [Amended]

212. Amend § 1944.535 by:

a. In paragraphs (a) and (b), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Appeal" and adding "Rural Development Appeal" in its place.
§ 1944.536 [Amended]

213. Amend § 1944.536 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 determines" and adding "Rural Development determines" in its place and
by removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1944.540 [Amended]

214. Amend § 1944.540 by:

a. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1944.545 [Amended]

215. Amend § 1944.545 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 440-1" and adding "RD 1940-1" in its place.
§ 1944.548 [Amended]

216. Amend § 1944.548 by:

a. In the section heading, in paragraph (a), and in paragraph (b) introductory
text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (b)(3), removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction"
in its place.
Subpart N--Housing Preservation Grants
§ 1944.654
[Amended]

217. Amend § 1944.654 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "FmHA Instruction" wherever it occurs and adding
"RD Instruction" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in
its place and removing "any Agency office" and adding "any Rural Development
office" in its place.
§ 1944.657 [Amended]

218. Amend § 1944.657 by removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction"
in its place and by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 office" and adding "Rural Development office" in its place.
§ 1944.658 [Amended]

219. Amend § 1944.658(a)(3) by removing "or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs.
§§ 1944.660, 1944.663, 1944.664, 1944.666, 1944.668, 1944.671, 1944.674,
1944.678, 1944.679, 1944.681, 1944.683, 1944.684, and 1944.689 [Amended]

220. Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and add "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1944.660 section heading and paragraph (a);

b. Section 1944.663(a)(7) and (a)(8);

c. Section 1944.664(c)(10)(ii);

d. Section 1944.666(a)(2), (b)(5), and (c);

e. Section 1944.668;

f. Section 1944.671(b) introductory text and paragraphs (b)(2) and (c);

g. Section 1944.674(b) and (c);

h. Section 1944.678;

i. Section 1944.679(b) introductory text and paragraph (b)(4);

j. Section 1944.681;

k. Section 1944.683(a), (b) introductory text, (c), and (d);

l. Section 1944.684 (a), (b) introductory text, (b)(2), (c), and (d); and

m. Section 1944.689(b).
§ 1944.672 [Amended]

221. Amend § 1944.672 by:

a. In paragraphs (c) and (e) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (e)(3):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's
environmental" and adding "Rural Development's environmental" in its place; and

ii. Removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
environmental" and adding "a Rural Development environmental" in its place; and

c. In paragraph (g), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1944.673 [Amended]

222. Amend § 1944.673 by:

a. In paragraph (a):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 has" and
adding "Rural Development has" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office"
wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1944.676 [Amended]

223. Amend § 1944.676 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "appropriate FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "appropriate Rural Development" in its place and
removing "any FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office" and
adding "any Rural Development office" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (b) introductory text, (b)(1)(iv), and (b)(1)(xii), removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural
Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (b)(1)(iii):

i. Removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office"
wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

iii. Removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "to Rural Development" in its place;

d. In paragraph (b)(1)(x), removing "Rural Development or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354";

e. In paragraph (c), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural Development
office" in its place;

f. In paragraph (d)(4), removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction"
in its place and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
office" and adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

g. In paragraph (d)(5), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 office" and adding "Rural Development office" in its placeand removing
"to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "to Rural
Development" in its place;

h. In paragraph (g), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

i. In paragraph (h), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1944.682 [Amended]

224. Amend § 1944.682 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 determines"
and adding "Rural Development determines" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

c. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

d. In paragraph (c):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "Rural Development will" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

iv. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever
it occurs and adding "by Rural Development" in its place; and

e. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1944.688 [Amended]

225. Amend § 1944.688 by:

a. In paragraphs (a) and (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its
place; and

b. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's appeal" and adding "Rural Development's appeal" in its place.
§ 1944.690 [Amended]

226. Amend § 1944.690 by removing "Administrator of FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Under Secretary for Rural Development (or
designee)" in its place.
Part 1948 Rural Development

227. The authority citation for part 1948 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1932 note.
Subpart B--Section 601 Energy Impacted Area Development Assistance
§ 1948.51
[Amended]

228. Amend § 1948.51 by:

a. Removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. Removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "to Rural Development" in its place; and

c. Removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "a Rural Development" in its place.
§§ 1948.53, 1948.56, 1948.60, 1948.62, 1948.68, 1948.70, 1948.81, 1948.86,
1948.88, 1948.91, 1948.94, and 1948.95 [Amended]

229. Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and add "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1948.53;

b. Section 1948.56;

c. Section 1948.60;

d. Section 1948.62(b);

e. Section 1948.68(g);

f. Section 1948.70(b);

g. Section 1948.81(a) and (b);

h. Section 1948.86(a)(1) and (a)(2);

i. Section 1948.88;

j. Section 1948.91;

k. Section 1948.94(a) introductory text and (b); and

l. Section 1948.95.

230. Revise § 1948.61 introductory text to read as follows:
§ 1948.61 State supplements and guides.

Rural Development State Directors will obtain National Office clearance for all
State supplements and guides in accordance with paragraph VIII of RD Instruction
2006-B, (available in any Rural Development office).

* * * * *
§ 1948.70 [Amended]

231. Amend § 1948.70(c) by removing "Administrator of FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Under Secretary for Rural
Development" in its place.
§ 1948.79 [Amended]

232. Amend § 1948.79 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

i. Paragraph (a);

ii. Paragraph (c) introductory text;

iii. Paragraph (e) introductory text;

iv. Paragraph (f);

v. Paragraph (g);

vi. Paragraph (h) introductory text;

vii. Paragraph (i);

viii. Paragraph (j);

ix. Paragraphs (k) introductory text and (k)(12);

b. In paragraph (c)(4), removing "Forms FmHA" and adding "Form RD" in its place
and removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

c. In paragraph (k)(8), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 440-1" and adding "RD 1940-1" in its place; and

d. In paragraphs (k)(9) and (k)(10), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1948.81 [Amended]

233. Amend § 1948.81(d) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 State" and adding "Rural Development State" in its place and by
removing "Administrator, FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "Under Secretary for Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1948.82 [Amended]

234. Amend § 1948.82 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

i. Paragraphs (a) introductory text and (a)(10);

ii. Paragraph (c);

iii. Paragraph (d);

iv. Paragraph (e);

v. Paragraphs (f) introductory text, (f)(1), and (f)(2);

vi. Paragraph (g);

vii. Paragraph (h); and

viii. Paragraph (m).

b. In paragraph (i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under PublicLaw
103-354 National" and adding "Rural Development State" in its place and removing
"Administrator" and adding "Under Secretary for Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (j), removing "Administrator, FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354, the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
State" and adding "Under Secretrary for Rural Development, the Rural Development
State" in its place;

d. In paragraph (k), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Stae" and adding "Rural Development State" in its place and removing
"Administrator, FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Under Secretrary for Rural Development" in its place; and

e. In paragraph (l), removing "Administrator of FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Under Secretary for Rural Development" in
its place.
§§ 1948.83 and 1948.97 [Amended]

235. Amend §§ 1948.83 and 1948.97 by removing "FmHA" and adding "RD" in its
place.
§ 1948.84 [Amended]

236. Amend § 1948.84 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

i. Paragraph (a);

ii. Paragraph (d) introductory text;

iii. Paragraphs (e) introductory text and (e)(1);

iv. Paragraph (f);

v. Paragraph (g);

vi. Paragraph (h) introductory text;

vii. Paragraph (i) introductory text; and

viii. Paragraphs (i)(14) and (i)(17).

b. In paragraph (b):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "The Rural Development office" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 District"
and adding "Rural Development District" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State" and
adding "the Rural Development State" in its place; and

iv. Removing "the time the AD-622" and adding "the time the Form AD-622" in its
place;

c. In paragraphs (d)(2) and (d)(8), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

d. In paragraph (d)(9), removing "Forms FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 400-1 and Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 400-4" and adding "Form RD 400-1 and Form RD 400-4" in its place;

e. In paragraph (i)(10), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 440-1" and adding "RD 1940-1" in its place;

f. In paragraph (i)(11), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

g. In paragraph (i)(12), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 400" and adding "RD 400-4" in its place; and

h. In paragraph (i)(13), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1948.89 [Amended]

237. Amend § 1948.89 by:

a. In the heading of the section and in paragraph (a) introductory text,
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(1):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State"
wherever it occurs and adding "the Rural Development State" in its place;

ii. Removing "Administrator, FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Under Secretary for Rural Development" in its place; and

iii. Removing "for FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "for Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(2), removing "Administrator" and adding "Under Secretary for
Rural Development" in its place;

d. In paragraph (a)(3), removing "Administrator, FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Under Secretary for Rural Development" in
its place; and

e. In paragraphs (a)(4), (a)(5), and (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1948.90 [Amended]

238. Amend § 1948.90 by:

a. In paragraphs (a) introductory text and (a)(1), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural
Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(2):

i. Removing "Administrator, FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Under Secretary for Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

iii. Removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "to Rural Development" in its place; and

iv. Removing "by the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by the Rural Development" in its place; and

c. In paragraphs (a)(3), (b)(2), (b)(3), and (b)(5), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural
Development" in its place.
§ 1948.92 [Amended]

239. Amend § 1948.92 by:

a. In paragraphs (a) and (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (c):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State" and
adding "Rural Development State" in its place;

ii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

c. In paragraphs (d) and (e), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 440-1" and adding "RD 1940-1" in its place;

d. In paragraph (f):

i. Removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Director of Information, Farmers Home Administration or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Director, Legislative and
Public Affairs Staff (LAPAS), in the Rural Development National Office" in its
place;

e. In paragraph (g)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

f. In paragraph (g)(4), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State" and adding "Rural
Development State" in its place;

g. In paragraph (g)(6), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 440-1" and adding "Form RD 1940-1" in its place and removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 National" and adding "Rural
Development National" in its place;

h. In paragraph (g)(7), removing "Director of Information in the FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 National Office" and adding "Director,
LAPAS, in the Rural Development National Office" in its place;

i. In paragraph (g)(10), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

j. In paragraph (g)(11):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State" and
adding "Rural Development State" in its place;

ii. Removing "Director, Legislative Affairs and Public Information Staff
(LAPIS)" and adding "Director, LAPAS" in its place;

iii. Removing "LAPIS" wherever it occurs and adding "LAPAS" in its place; and

iv. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1948.93 [Amended]

240. Amend § 1948.93 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place and by
removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place.
§ 1948.94 [Amended]

241. Amend § 1948.94 by:

a. In paragraph (a) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in
its place; and

b. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA Instruction 402.1 (available in any FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office)" and adding "RD
Instruction 1902-A (available in any Rural Development office)" in its place and
removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"to Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1948.96 [Amended]

242. Amend § 1948.96 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "FmHA" and adding "RD" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
Part 1950 General
Subpart C Servicing Accounts of Borrowers Entering the Armed Forces

243. The authority citation for subpart C of part 1950 continues to read as
follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; and 42 U.S.C. 1480.
§ 1950.101 [Amended]

244. Amend § 1950.101 by removing "Farmers Home Administration or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 (FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354)" and adding "Rural Development" in its place and by removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 regulations" and adding "Rural
Development regulations" in its place.
§ 1950.102 [Amended]

245. Amend § 1950.102(a) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 will" and adding "Rural Development will" in its place and by
removing "policy FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "policy of Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1950.103 [Amended]

246. Amend § 1950.103 by:

a. In the section heading, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 loan" and adding "government loan" in its place and removing "borrower
and FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "borrower
and Rural Development" in its place; and

c. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place and removing "Address
or Name" and adding "Address, Name, Case Number, or Loan Number" in its place.
§ 1950.104 [Amended]

247. Amend § 1950.104 by:

a. In the section heading, introductory text, and paragraph (a), removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development"
in its place;

b. In paragraph (b) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (b)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

d. In paragraph (e), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1950.105 [Amended]

248. Amend § 1950.105(b) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
Part 1951 Servicing and Collections

249. The authority citation for part 1951 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1932 note; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 31 U.S.C. 3716; 42 U.S.C. 1480.

Subpart A--Account Servicing Policies
§ 1951.2
[Amended]

250. Amend § 1951.2 by removing "Farmers Home Administration or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 (FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354)" and adding "Agency" in its place.
§ 1951.3 [Amended]

251. Amend § 1951.3 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place.
§ 1951.7 [Amended]

252. Amend § 1951.7 by:

a. In paragraph (b)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (b)(4)(i), (c), and (d)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its
place;

c. In paragraph (e), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 borrowers will be maintained in the County Office on Forms FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 1905-1, FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 1905-5, FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 1905-10, "Management System Card-Association," as provided in FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction 1905-A (available in
any FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office)" and adding
"Agency borrowers will be maintained in the County Office as provided in RD
Instruction 1905-A(available in any Agency office)" in its place;

d. In paragraph (h) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place;

e. In paragraphs (h)(1) and (h)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place; and

f. In paragraph (h)(3):

i. Removing "Forms FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Forms RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "copy(ies) of Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "copy(ies) of Form RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "; a copy of Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 1951-58, "Basis for Loan Account Payment Application for Farmer Program
Loans;".
§ 1951.8 [Amended]

253. Amend § 1951.8(b)(3) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1951.9 [Amended]

254. Amend § 1951.9 by:

a. In the section heading, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

b. In the introductory text, removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(1) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

d. In paragraph (a)(1)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

e. In paragraphs (a)(1)(ii), (a)(1)(iii), (a)(1)(iv), (a)(2), and (b), removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and
adding "Agency" in its place.
§ 1951.10 [Amended]

255. Amend § 1951.10 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (a)(6), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place.
§ 1951.11 [Amended]

256. Amend § 1951.11 by:

a. In paragraph (d)(1)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

b. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1951.12 [Amended]

257. Amend § 1951.12 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 loan" and adding "Agency loan" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place; and

c. In paragraphs (c)(1) and (c)(2), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1951.14 [Amended]

258. Amend § 1951.14(b) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1951.25 [Amended]

259. Amend § 1951.25(b)(2)(ii) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.

260. Revise Exhibit A to subpart A of 7 CFR part 1951 to read as follows:
Exhibit A to Subpart A of Part 1951--Notice to Agency Borrowers

Agency borrowers with community program loan types made under the Consolidated
Farm and Rural Development Act may request a loan summary statement which shows
the calendar year account activity for each loan. Interested borrowers may
request these statements through their local Rural Development office.
Subpart D--Final Payment of Loans
§ 1951.153
[Amended]

261. Amend § 1951.153(b) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1951.154 [Amended]

262. Amend § 1951.154 by removing in paragraph (a) "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place and by removing in
paragraph (c) "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"RD" in its place.
§ 1951.155 [Amended]

263. Amend § 1951.155 by:

a. In paragraph (b):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "RD will" in its place;

ii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

b. In paragraph (c) introductory text and paragraph (c)(1), removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding
"RD" in its place;

c. In paragraph (c)(2):

i. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will"
wherever it occurs and adding "RD will" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 is" and
adding "RD is" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 can" and
adding "RD can" in its place;

d. In paragraph (g), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 may" and adding "RD may" in its place and removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD
Instruction" in its place; and

e. In paragraph (i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 will" and adding "RD will" in its place and removing "by FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "by RD" in its place.
Subpart E--Servicing of Community and Direct Business Programs Loans and Grants
§ 1951.201
[Amended]

264. Amend § 1951.201 by removing "loans for Grazing and other shift-in-land-use
projects;" and "Association Irrigation and Drainage loans;" and by removing "and
the Farm Service Agency" and adding "and the Rural Housing Service" in its
place.
§ 1951.202 [Amended]

265. Amend § 1951.202 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place and by removing "by
FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "by Rural
Development" in its place.
§ 1951.203 [Amended]

266. Amend § 1951.203(h) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1951.207 [Amended]

267. Amend § 1951.207 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§§ 1951.211, 1951.215, and 1951.216 [Amended]

268. Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and add "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1951.211;

b. Section 1951.215 introductory text and (a)(2); and

c. Section 1951.216.
§ 1951.220 [Amended]

269. Amend § 1951.220 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural
Development's" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

c. In paragraph (b) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

d. In paragraph (b)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

e. In paragraph (b)(2), removing "Forms FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 1951-9" and "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 1951-9" and adding "Form RD 1951-9" in their place;

f. In paragraph (b)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

g. In paragraph (c) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

h. In paragraph (c)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

i. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

j. In paragraph (e)(2)(v), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

k. In paragraph (f), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place and removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 as" and adding "Rural Development
as" in its place; and

l. In paragraphs (g) and (h)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1951.221 [Amended]

270. Amend § 1951.221 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(2) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (a)(2)(i)(A), (a)(2)(i)(B), and (a)(2)(i)(C), removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in
its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(3) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

d. In paragraph (a)(3)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1951.222 [Amended]

271. Amend § 1951.222 by:

a. In the introductory text and in paragraphs (a)(2), (a)(3), (a)(7), and
(a)(9), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherver
it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (c)(1) and (c)(3), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

c. In paragraph (c)(7), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

d. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place and removing "Form FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding
"Form RD" in its place.
§ 1951.223 [Amended]

272. Amend § 1951.223 by:

a. In paragraph (b)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

b. In paragraph (c)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's security" and adding "Rural Development's security" in its place and
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 approval" and
adding "Rural Development approval" in its place; and

c. In paragraphs (c)(3), (c)(4) introductory text, (c)(4)(i), (c)(4)(ii), and
(c)(4)(iv), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1951.224 [Amended]

273. Amend § 1951.224 by:

a. In paragraphs (a)(1)(iii), (a)(1)(v), and (a)(2)(v), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural
Development" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (b)(1) and (b)(2), removing "to FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "to Rural Development" in its place and
removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"Form RD" in its place;

c. In paragraph (b)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

d. In paragraph (b)(6), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 consent" and adding "Rural Development consent" in its place and
removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"Form RD" in its place;

e. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

f. In paragraph (e)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1951.225 [Amended]

274. Amend § 1951.225 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1951.226 [Amended]

275. Amend § 1951.226 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency underPublic Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

c. In paragraph (b)(4)(i), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

d. In paragraph (b)(4)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

e. In paragraph (b)(5)(i), removing "on FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "on Rural Development" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's advantage" and adding
"Rural Development's advantage" in its place;

f. In paragraphs (b)(5)(ii) and (b)(6), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

g. In paragraph (c)(1)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

h. In paragraphs (c)(1)(iv) through (vii), (c)(2)(i), and (c)(2)(ii), removing
"Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs
and adding "Form RD" in its place;

i. In paragraph (c)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

j. In paragraph (d)(1) "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "a Rural Development" in its place and removing "Form FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its
place;

k. In paragraph (d)(2) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

l. In paragraph (d)(2)(ii), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1951.227 [Amended]

276. Amend § 1951.227 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (c):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place.
§ 1951.230 [Amended]

277. Amend § 1951.230 by:

a. In paragraph (a) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's security" and adding "Rural Development's security" in its place and
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 program" and
adding "Rural Development program" in its place;

c. In paragraphs (a)(3), (a)(4), and (a)(6), removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

d. In paragraph (a)(7), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "to FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "to Rural Development" in
its place;

e. In paragraph (a)(8), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

f. In paragraph (a)(9), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 debt" and adding "Rural Development debt" in its place and removing
"Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs
and adding "Form RD" in its place;

g. In paragraph (a)(12), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

h. In paragraphs (b) introductory text and (b)(5), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place;

i. In paragraph (c) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

j. In paragraph (c)(1), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

k. In paragraph (c)(5), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

l. In paragraph (d) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

m. In paragraph (d)(1)(i):

i. Removing "non-FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
personnel" and adding "non-Rural Development personnel" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

n. In paragraph (d)(1)(ii), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

o. In paragraph (d)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

p. In paragraph (d)(5), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

q. In paragraphs (e)(1) and (e)(2)(ii), removing "Form FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

r. In paragraph (f)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" wherever it occurs and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

s. In paragraph (f)(5), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "approval by FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "approval by Rural
Development" in its place;

t. In paragraphs (f)(6), (f)(7)(i), and (f)(7)(ii), removing "Form FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

u. In paragraph (f)(8), removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "a Rural Development" in its place;

v. In paragraph (f)(9), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

w. In paragraph (f)(11), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

x. In paragraphs (f)(12) and (f)(14), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

y. In paragraph (f)(15), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agencyunder Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1951.231 [Amended]

278. Amend § 1951.231 by:

a. In paragraphs (a)(1)(i), (v), and (vii), removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its
place;

b. In paragraph (a)(1)(vi), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

c. In paragraphs (a)(2), (3), and (4), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place;

d. In paragraph (b)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

e. In paragraphs (c)(3) and (4), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place;

f. In paragraph (d) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place; and

g. In paragraph (d)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place and removing "debt to
FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "debt to Rural
Development" in its place.
§§ 1951.232, 1951.240, and 1951.241 [Amended]

279. Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1951.232;

b. Section 1951.240; and

c. Section 1951.241.
Subpart F--Analyzing Credit Needs and Graduation of Borrowers
§ 1951.264
[Amended]

280. Amend § 1951.264(a)(2) by removing "1951-F-5" and adding "1951-5" in its
place.
Exhibit B to Subpart F [Amended]

281. In Exhibit B to subpart F, paragraph 15, removing "Form FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and
removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"by Rural Development" in its place.
Subpart R--Rural Development Loan Servicing
§ 1951.851
[Amended]

282. Amend § 1951.851 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "Farmers Home Administration or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 (FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354)" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1951.852 [Amended]

283. Amend § 1951.852(a)(1), (a)(2), and (a)(9) by removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural
Development loan" in its place.
§§ 1951.866, 1951.883, and 1951.896 [Amended]

284. Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1951.866;

b. Section 1951.883; and

c. Section 1951.896.
§ 1951.881 [Amended]

285. Amend § 1951.881 by:

a. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (d):

i. Removing "by the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by the Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
Administrator" and adding "the Rural Development Under Secretary" in its place;
and

c. In paragraph (e)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1951.884 [Amended]

286. Amend § 1951.884 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1951.885 [Amended]

287. Amend § 1951.885 by:

a. In the introductory text and in paragraphs (a)(2), and (b), removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding
"Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (c):

i. Removing "expose FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "expose Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and
adding "Rural Development's" in its place; and

iii. Removing "which FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "which Rural Development" in its place; and

c. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1951.889 [Amended]

288. Amend § 1951.889 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

c. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

d. In paragraph (e), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 case nunber" and adding "Rural Development case number" in its place.
§ 1951.890 [Amended]

289. Amend § 1951.890 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "Rural Development will" in its place;

b. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

c. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

d. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 and" and
adding "Rural Development and" in its place; and

e. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 staff" and
adding "Rural Development staff" in its place.
§ 1951.891 [Amended]

290. Amend § 1951.891 by:

a. In paragraph (a) introductory text:

i. Removing "that FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law103-354" and
adding "that Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "Should the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "Should Rural Development" in its place;

iii. Removing "interests of FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "interests of Rural Development" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 may" and
adding "Rural Development may" in its place;

b. in paragraph (a)(2), removing "as FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "as Rural Development" in its place and removing "by the
FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "by Rural
Development" in its place; and

c. In paragraphs (a)(3), (e), and (f), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in
its place.
Part 1955 Property Management

291. The authority citation for part 1955 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 42 U.S.C. 1480.
Subpart A--Liquidation of Loans Secured by Real Estate and Acquisition of Real
and Chattel Property
§ 1955.2
[Amended]

292. Amend § 1955.2 by removing "property to FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "property to Rural Development" in its place and
removing "conveyance to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "conveyance to Rural Development and" in its place.
§ 1955.3 [Amended]

293. Amend § 1955.3 by:

a. In the definition of `CONACT or CONACT property', removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "the government" in its
place;

b. In the definition of `Government', removing "Farmers Home Administration or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 (FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354)," and adding "RBS, RHS, and RUS of the" in its place
and removing "used interchangeably herein with "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354."; and

c. In the definition of `Prior lien', removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 security" and adding "Rural Development security" in
its place and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's
`" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place.
§ 1955.5 [Amended]

294. Amend § 1955.5 by:

a. In paragraphs (a) and (c)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (d), removing "(available in any FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 office)" and removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1955.10 [Amended]

295. Amend § 1955.10 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

i. The introductory text;

ii. The heading of paragraph (c);

iii. Paragraph (f) introductory text;

iv. Paragraphs (f)(1) introductory text, (f)(1)(i)(A), (f)(1)(i)(B), (f)(1)(ii),
and (f)(1)(iii);

v. Paragraph (g)(1); and

vi. Paragraphs (h)(1), (h)(2), and (h)(5);

b. In paragraph (a)(2)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural
Development office" in its place;

c. In paragraph (c)(2):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 liens" and
adding "Rural Development liens" in its place;

ii. Removing "made by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "made by Rural Development" in its place;

iii. Removing "An FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
official" and adding "A Rural Development official" in its place;

d. In paragraphs (d)(1), (d)(2), and (d)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its
place;

e. In paragraph (e):

i. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "qualified FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "qualified Rural Development" in its place;

iii. Removing "outside FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "outside Rural Development" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

f. In paragraphs (h)(4)(i) and (h)(4)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its
place.
§§ 1955.11 and 1955.12 [Amended]

296. Amend §§ 1955.11 and 1955.12 by removing in their section headings and
wherever else it occurs "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1955.15 [Amended]

297. Amend § 1955.15 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

i. The introductory text;

ii. Paragraph (a)(2)(i);

iii. Paragraph (d)(2)(v);

iv. Paragraph (d)(3)(i)(A);

v. Paragraph (d)(6)(i) introductory text;

vi. Paragraphs (f)(1)(i)(C) and (D),

vii. Paragraphs (f)(5)(i)(A) and (B);

viii. Paragraph (f)(5)(ii); and

ix. Paragraphs (f)(7)(i) and (ii).

b. In paragraph (b) introductory text:

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

iv. Removing "Forms FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Forms RD" in its place; and

v. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loan
servicing" and adding "Rural Development loan servicing" in its place;

c. In paragraph (b)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency underPublic Law
103-354" and adding "the government" in its place;

d. In paragraph (d)(1):

i. Removing "whether FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "whether Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loan(s)" and
adding "Rural Development loan(s)" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's position"
and adding "Rural Development's position" in its place;

e. In paragraph (d)(2) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 Guide Letters" and adding "Guide Letters" in its place
and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office"
wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

f. In paragraphs (d)(4), (e)(2), and (f)(1)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

g. In paragraph (f)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural
Development office" in its place;

h. In paragraph (f)(4), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

i. In paragraph (f)(6):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" wherever
it occurs and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

ii. Removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 borrower"
and adding "a Rural Development borrower" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 debt" and
adding "Rural Development debt" in its place;

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 determines"
and adding "Rural Development determines" in its place;

v. Removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 appraiser"
and adding "a Rural Development appraiser" in its place;

vi. Removing "outside FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "outside Rural Development" in its place;

vii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

viii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office"
and adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

j. In paragraph (f)(7) introductory text, removing "an FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 employee" wherever it occurs and adding "a Rural
Development employee" in its place.
§ 1955.18 [Amended]

298. Amend § 1955.18 by:

a. In paragraph (e)(1) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (e)(1)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place.

c. In paragraph (e)(2) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

d. In paragraph (e)(2)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

e. In paragraph (e)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

f. In paragraph (e)(4) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1955.20 [Amended]

299. Amend § 1955.20 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(5), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

d. In paragraph (b) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

e. In paragraph (b)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

f. In paragraph (b)(2):

i. Removing "chattels to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "chattels to Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

g. In paragraph (b)(4), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

h. In paragraph (c)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

i. In paragraph (d):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "outside FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "outside Rural Development" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

j. In paragraph (f)(1) introductory text, removing "an FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "a Rural Development" in its place;

k. In paragraphs (f)(1)(ii), and (f)(2)(i), (ii), and (iii), removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in
its place;

l. In paragraph (f)(2)(v), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

m. In paragraph (g), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

n. In paragraph (h), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;
§ 1955.22 [Amended]

300. Amend § 1955.22 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 officials"
and adding "Rural Development officials" in its place;

b. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD instruction" in its place; and

c. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place.
Subpart B--Management of Property
§ 1955.52
[Amended]

301. Amend § 1955.52 by removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "by the respective Agency" in its place and by removing
"Generally, FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"Generally, RHS" in its place.
§ 1955.53 [Amended]

302. Amend § 1955.53 as follows:

a. In the definition of `CONACT or CONACT property', remove "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and add "the respective Agency" in
its place;

b. In the definition of `Custodial property', remove "an FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 loan" and add "a Rural Development loan" in its
place and remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loan has
taken" and add "the respective Agency has taken" in its place; and

c. In the definition of `Government', remove "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and add "the respective Agency" in its place.
§ 1955.55 [Amended]

303. Amend § 1955.55 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherevre it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

i. Paragraph (b) introductory text;

ii. Paragraph (b)(2) introductory text;

iii. Paragraphs (c) introductory text and (c)(1);

iv. Paragraphs (f)(2)(i) and (ii), and (f)(3);

b. In paragraph (b)(2)(iii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural
Development office" in its place; and

c. In paragraph (f) introductory text:

i. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "through FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "through Rural Development" in its place;

iii. Removing "if FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "if Rural Development" in its place;

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

v. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place.
§§ 1955.57, 1955.60, 1955.61, and 1955.82 [Amended]

304. Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1955.57;

b. Section 1955.60;

c. Section 1955.61; and

d. Section 1955.82.
§ 1955.62 [Amended]

305. Amend § 1955.62 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 lien" and adding "a Rural Development lien" in its place and
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 official" and
adding "Rural Development official" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (a)(1) and (a)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place;

c. In paragraph (b)(1)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

d. In paragraph (b)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural
Development office" in its place; and

e. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;
§ 1955.65 [Amended]

306. Amend § 1955.65 by:

a. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354";

b. In paragraph (c) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place
and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

c. In paragraph (c)(1):

i. Removing "which FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "which Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's approval"
and adding "Rural Development's approval" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

d. In paragraphs (c)(2)(i), (ii), and (iii), removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its
place and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
office" and adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

e. In paragraph (c)(4):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
wherever it occurs and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office" and adding "Rural
Development office" in their place.
§ 1955.72 [Amended]

307. Amend § 1955.72(a) and (b) by removing "(available in any FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office)".

308. Amend Exhibit A to subpart B of Part 1955 by revising the heading to read
as follows:
Exhibit A to Subpart B of Part 1955--Memorandum of Understanding Between the
Federal Emergency Management Agency and Rural Development

* * * * *
Subpart C--Disposal of Inventory Property
§ 1955.102
[Amended]

309. Amend § 1955.102 by removing "Farmers Home Administration or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354s (FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's)" and adding "the applicable" in its place.
§ 1955.103 [Amended]

310. Amend § 1955.103 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following definitions:

i. `Approval official';

ii. `Borrower';

iii. `Decent, safe, and sanitary (DSS) housing';

iv. `Eligible terms';

v. `Participating broker';

vi. `Program terms'; and

vii. `Regular sale';

b. In the definition of `CONACT or CONACT property', removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "the respective Agency" in
its place;

c. In the definitions of `Ineligible terms' and `Nonprogram (NP) terms',
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and adding
"Rural Development's" in its place;

d. In the definition of `Inventory property', removing "an FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 loan" and adding "a Rural Development loan" in
its place;

e. In the definition of `Nonprogram (NP) property', removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354"; and

f. Removing the definition of "Regular FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 sale", adding a definition for `Regular Agency sale' in alphabetical
order, and revising the definitions of `Suitable property' and `Surplus
property'. The revisions read as follows:
§ 1955.103 Definitions.

* * * * *

Regular Agency sale. Sale made by Rural Deveopment employees or real estate
brokers other than by sealed bid, auction, or negotiation.

* * * * *

Suitable property. Real property that could be used to carry out the objectives
of Rural Development's loan programs with financing provided through that
program.

Surplus property. Property that cannot be used to carry out the objectives of
financing available through the applicable loan program.
§§ 1955.104, 1955.112, 1955.113, 1955.121, 1955.128, 1955.132, 1955.134,
1955.136, and 1955.150 [Amended]

311. Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1955.104;

b. Section 1955.112;

c. Section 1955.113;

d. Section 1955.121;

e. Section 1955.128;

f. Section 1955.132;

g. Section 1955.134;

h. Section 1955.136(a)(2); and

i. Section 1955.150.
§ 1955.105 [Amended]

312. Amend § 1955.105 by:

a. In paragraph (b):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Services"
and adding "RD Services" in its place; and

b. In paragraphs (c) introductory text, (c)(1), (c)(3), and (d), removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development"
in its place.
§ 1955.109 [Amended]

313. Amend § 1955.109 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing the second and third sentences; and

b. In paragraphs (g) and (j), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1955.114 [Amended]

314. Amend § 1955.114 by:

a. In paragraphs (a) introductory text and (a)(1)(v), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place;

b. In paragraph (a)(2), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "unless FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "unless Rural Development"
in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(3)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural
Development office" in its place;

d. In paragraph (a)(4), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding Rural Development" in its place

e. In paragraph (b):

i. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 employee"
and adding "Rural Development employee" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

f. In paragraphs (c) introductroy text and (d), removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1955.115 [Amended]

315. Amend § 1955.115 by:

a. In the introductory text:

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 DSS" and
adding "Rural Development DSS" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-35" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(2):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "Rural Development will" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

d. In paragraphs (a)(3), and (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-35" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1955.116 [Amended]

316. Amend § 1955.116 by:

a. In paragraph (a):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "which FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 has"
and adding "which Rural Development has" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Contact FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "Contact Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place;

c. In paragraph (c):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "through Farmers Home Administration or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "through Rural Development" in its place; and

iii. Removing "the Farmers Home Administration or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its
place; and

d. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1955.117 [Amended]

317. Amend § 1955.117 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 sales" and adding "Rural
Development sales" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b), removing "The FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

d. In paragraphs (e) and (f), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1955.118 [Amended]

318. Amend § 1955.118 by:

a. In paragraphs (b)(1) and (b)(11), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b)(5), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural
Development office" in its place; and

c. In paragraphs (b)(7) and (b)(8)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1955.119 [Amended]

319. Amend § 1955.119 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 will" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development will" in its
place and removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "Form RD" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (c):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "Rural Development will" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 determines"
and adding "Rural Development determines" in its place;

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and
adding "Rural Development's" in its place.
§ 1955.120 [Amended]

320. Amend § 1955.120 by:

a. Removing "non-FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "non-Rural Development" in its place;

b. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever
it occurs and adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

c. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

d. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 official" and
adding "Rural Development official'' in its place.
§ 1955.122 [Amended]

321. Amend § 1955.122 by:

a. In paragraph (a):

i. Removing "of the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "of the Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Form" and
adding "Rural Development Form" in its place; and

iv. Removing "in FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "in Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b), removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "by Rural Development" in its place and removing "Form FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its
place;

c. In paragraph (c)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

d. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural
Development office" in its place; and

e. In paragraph (f), removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "to Rural Development" in its place;

f. In the undesignated paragraph following paragraph (f):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place.

322. Revise § 1955.123(a) to read as follows:
§ 1955.123 Sale procedures (chattel).

(a) Credit sales. Although cash sales are preferred in the sale of chattel,
credit sales may be used advantageously in the sale of chattels to eligible
purchasers and to facilitate sales of high-priced chattels. Credit sales to
eligible purchasers will be in accordance with the provisions of this chapter
for the appropriate program for which a loan would otherwise be made including
eligibility determinations. Preference will be given to a cash offer that is at
least * percent of the higher offer requiring credit. [*Refer to exhibit B of RD
Instruction 440.1 (available in any Rural Development office) for the current
percentage.] Credit sales made to ineligible purchasers will require not less
than a 10 percent downpayment with the remaining balance amortized over a period
not to exceed 5 years. The interest rate for ineligible purchasers of C&BP
chattel will be the current ineligible interest rate for C&BP property set forth
in Exhibit B of RD Instruction 440.1 (available in any Rural Development
office). District Directors and State Directors are authorized to approve or
disapprove sale of C&BP chattel on ineligible terms in accordance with the
respective type of program approval authorities in Exhibit E of Subpart A of
Part 1901 of this chapter (available in any Rural Development office). For other
than C&BP, credit sales to NP purchasers will be handled in accordance with
Subpart J of Part 1951 of this chapter.

* * * * *
§ 1955.124 [Amended]

323. Amend §§ 1955.124 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1955.127 [Amended]

324. Amend § 1955.127 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and by removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural
Development office" in its place.
§ 1955.130 [Amended]

325. Amend § 1955.130 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural
Development office" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and "Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(2), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" wherever it occurs and adding
"Rural Development office" in its place;

d. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place;

e. In paragraph (c) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

f. In paragraph (e) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and "Rural Development" in its
place;

g. In paragraph (e)(1)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.

h. In paragraph (f)(1)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

i. In paragraph (f)(3):

i. Removing "receiving FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "receiving Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "appropriate FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "appropriate Rural Development" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

j. In paragraph (g), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 shall" and adding "Rural Development shall" in its place and removing
"Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs
and adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1955.131 [Amended]

326. Amend § 1955.131 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural
Development office" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (b):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 may not" and
adding "Rural Development may not" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 official"
and adding "Rural Development official" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1955.133 [Amended]

327. Amend § 1955.133 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "if FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "if Rural Development" in its place and removing "Form FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its
place; and

b. In paragraphs (b) and (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1955.135 [Amended]

328. Amend § 1955.135 by:

a. In the introductory text:

i. Removing "Where FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Where Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "between FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "between Rural Development" in its place;

iii. Removing "Forms FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
1955-45 or FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"Forms RD 1955-45 or RD" in its place;

iv. Removing "paid by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "paid by Rural Development" in its place; and

v. Removing "proceeds FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "proceeds Rural Development" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (a), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 credit" and adding "Rural Development credit" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural
Development's" in its place.
§ 1955.138 [Amended]

329. Amend § 1955.138 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place.
§ 1955.139 [Amended]

330. Amend § 1955.139 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(3)(iii), removing "the FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(3)(iv), removing "the FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its
place; and

c. In paragraphs (a)(3)(v) and (vi), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1955.144 [Amended]

331. Amend § 1955.144(b) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and "the Farmers Home Administration or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in their place.
§ 1955.146 [Amended]

332. Amend § 1955.146(a) by:

a. Removing "sold by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "sold by Rural Development" in its place;

b. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
wherever it occurs and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

c. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office"
wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

d. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

e. Removing "Forms FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 1955-40
or FmHA or itssuccessor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Forms RD
1955-40 or RD" in its place;

f. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 personnel"
and adding "Rural Development personnel" in its place; and

g. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 may contract"
and adding "Rural Development may contract" in its place.
§ 1955.147 [Amended]

333. Amend § 1955.147 by:

a. In the introductory text:

i. Removing "all FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "all Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will"
wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development will" in its place;

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

iv. Removing "payable to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "payable to Rural Development" in its place; and

v. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural
Development office" in its place; and

d. In paragraphs (d) and (e), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its
place.
Part 1956 Debt Settlement

334. The authority citation for part 1956 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 31 U.S.C. 3711; 42 U.S.C. 1480.
Subpart C--Debt Settlement--Community and Business Programs
§ 1956.102
[Amended]

335. Amend § 1956.102(a) by removing "the Farmers Home Administration or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 (FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354)" and adding "the government" in its place and removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 personnel" and adding "Rural
Development personnel" in their place.

336. Revise § 1956.105(a), (f), (g), and (h) to read as follows:
§ 1956.105 Definitions.

(a) Settlement. The compromise, adjustment, cancellation, or chargeoff of a debt
owed to Rural Development. The term "settlement" is used for convenience in
referring to compromise, adjustment, cancellation, or chargeoff actions,
individually or collectively.

* * * * *

(f) Debtor. The borrower of loan funds under any of Rural Development programs
specified in § 1956.101.

(g) Security. All that serves as collateral for Rural Development loan(s),
including, but not limited to, revenues, tax levies, municipal bonds, and real
and chattel property.

(h) Servicing official. The Rural Development official who is primarily
responsible for servicing the account.

* * * * *
§§ 1956.109, 1956.110, 1956.130, 1956.138, 1956.142, and 1956.148 [Amended]

337. Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "RD" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1956.109(f);

b. Section 1956.110;

c. Section 1956.130;

d. Section 1956.138;

e. Section 1956.142(f); and

f. Section 1956.148.
§ 1956.111 [Amended]

338. Amend § 1956.111 introductory text and paragraph (a) by removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in
its place.
§ 1956.112 [Amended]

339. Amend § 1956.112(d) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1956.139 [Amended]

340. Amend § 1956.139 by:

a. In paragraph (d) introductory text:

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "Compromise Offer--FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Compromise Offer--Rural Development" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Adjustment Offer--FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Adjustment Offer--Rural Development" in its place; and

b. In paragraphs (d)(1) and (e), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1956.143 [Amended]

341. Amend § 1956.143 by:

a. In paragraph (a),

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following definitions:

A. `Debt writedown';

B. `Delinquent debtor';

C. `Eligibility'; and

D. `Operations review'; and

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and
adding "Rural Development's" in its place in the definition of `Net recovery
value';

b. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office"
wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Devleopment office" in its place in the
following places:

i. Paragraph (b) introductory text;

ii. Paragraphs (c)(1), (c)(3)(ii)(B), and (c)(3)(iv)(E)(1);

iii. Paragraphs (e)(1) introductory text, (e)(1)(iii), (e)(2) introductory text,
and (e)(2)(ii)(A);

iv. Paragraphs (f)(1) and (2);

v. Paragraph (g)(1) introductory text; and

vi. Paragraph (h).

c. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

i. Paragraphs (b)(3), (b)(6), and (b)(8);

ii. Paragraphs (c)(3)(i)(A) and (c)(3)(ii)(C);

iii. Paragraphs (e)(1)(i), (e)(2)(i), and (e)(2)(ii)(B); and

iv. Paragraph (g)(1)(ii);

d. In paragraphs (b)(7) and (c)(3)(iv)(B), removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its
place;

e. In paragraph (c)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing "to
FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "to Rural
Development" in its place;

f. In paragraphs (c)(3)(ii)(B) and (c)(3)(iv)(B)(1), removing "FmHA or
itssuccessor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD
Instruction" in its place;

g. In paragraph (c)(3)(iv)(G)(2), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 approval" and adding "Rural
Development approval" in its place;

h. In paragraphs (d)(2), (f)(2), and (g)(3), removing "Form FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

i. In paragraph (e)(1)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354's approval" and adding "Rural Development's approval" in its place
and removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

j. In paragraph (e)(2)(ii)(A):

i. Removing "pay FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "pay Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "inform FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "inform Rural Development" in its place; and

iii. Removing "pay off FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "pay off Rural Development" in its place;

k. In paragraph (f)(1):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and adding
"Rural Development's" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 is" and
adding "Rural Development is" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

l. In paragraph (g)(1) introductory text:

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 becomes" and
adding "Rural Development becomes" in its place; and

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "Rural Development will" in its place; and

m. In paragraph (h), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 determines" and adding "Rural Development determines" in its place.

342. Revise § 1956.145 to read as follows:
§ 1956.145 Disposition of essential Rural Development records.

RD Instruction 2033-A (available in any Rural Development office) identifies an
"essential Rural Development record" as the original of any document or record
which provides evidence of indebtedness or obligation to RD and includes, but is
not limited to: promissory notes, assumption agreements and valuable documents,
such as bonds fully registered as to principal and interest.

(a) Essential Rural Development records evidencing debts settled by compromise,
completed adjustment or cancelled with application will be returned to the
debtor or to the debtors' legal representative. The appropriate legend, such as
"Satisfied by Approved Compromise," and the date of the final action will be
stamped or typed on the original document. This same information plus the date
the original document is returned to the debtor will be shown on a copy to be
placed in the debtor's case folder.

(b) Essential Rural Development records evidencing debts cancelled without
application will be placed in the debtor's case folder and disposed of pursuant
to RD Instruction 2033-A (available in any Rural Development office). However,
if the debtor requests the document(s), they must be stamped "Satisfied by
Approved Cancellation" and returned.

(c) Essential Rural Development records evidencing charged off debts will be
retained in the servicing office and will not be stamped or returned to the
debtor. They will be destroyed six years after chargeoff pursuant to RD
Instruction 2033-A (available in any Rural Development office).
§ 1956.147 [Amended]

343. Amend § 1956.147 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(1), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(4), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354";

c. In paragraph (b), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "owed FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "owed Rural Development"
in its place; and

d. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
Part 1957 Asset Sales

344. The authority citation for part 1957 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

Pub. L. 99-509, sec 2001(b)(1).
Subpart A--Rural Housing Asset Sales
§ 1957.1 [Amended]

345. Amend § 1957.1 by:

a. Removing "Farmers Home Administration or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Housing Service (RHS)" in its place;

b. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "RHS" in its place; and

c. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and adding
"RHS's" in its place.
§§ 1957.2 and 1957.6 [Amended]

346. Amend §§ 1957.2 and 1957.6 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RHS" in its place.
Part 1962 Personal Property

347. The authority citation for part 1962 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 42 U.S.C. 1480.
Subpart A--Servicing and Liquidation of Chattel Security
§ 1962.1
[Amended]

348. Amend § 1962.1 by removing "Farmers Home Administration or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 (FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354)" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1962.2 [Amended]

349. Amend § 1962.2 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1962.3 [Amended]

350. Amend § 1962.3 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1962.4 [Amended]

351. Amend § 1962.4 by:

a. In the definition of `Acquired chattel property,' removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "the government" in its
place;

b. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "RuralDevelopment" in its place in the following definitions:

i. `Basic security';

ii. `Criminal action';

iii. 'Default'; and

iv. `Liquidation'.

c. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and adding
"Rural Development's" in its place in the following definitions:

i. `Civil action' and

ii. `Repossed property'.

d. Removing "Farmers Home Administration or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in
the definition of `Normal income security'.
§§ 1962.6, 1962.16, 1962.26, 1962.27, 1962.34, 1962.41, 1962.44, and 1962.46
[Amended]

352. Remove "Form FmHA" and "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever they occur and adding "Form RD" in their place in the
following places:

a. Section 1962.6;

b. Section 1962.16;

c. Section 1962.26;

d. Section 1962.27(c) introductory text and (d);

e. Section 1962.34(b)(3);

f. Section 1962.41;

g. Section 1962.44; and

h. Section 1962.46.
§ 1962.8 [Amended]

353. Amend § 1962.8 by removing "protect FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "protect Rural Development" in its place and by
removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"a Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1962.17 [Amended]

354. Amend § 1962.17 by removing "Form FmHA" wherever it occurs and adding "Form
RD" in its place and by removing "The FmHA has" in paragraph (d)(2)(ii) and
adding "Rural Development has" in its place.
§ 1962.18 [Amended]

355. Amend § 1962.18 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 1962.1" and adding "the applicable Agency form" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (b)(1), by:

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 1962-1"
and adding "the applicable Agency form" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 431-2" and
adding "RD 431-2" in its place; and

iii. Removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "to Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1962.19 [Amended]

356. Amend § 1962.19 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(1)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

d. In paragraph (b)(1)(iii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 holds" and adding "Rural Development holds" in its place and
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and adding
"Rural Development's" in its place; and

e. In paragraph (b)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1962.27 [Amended]

357. Amend § 1962.27 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(4), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 has" and adding "Rural Development has" in its place and removing
"borrower non FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"borrower nor Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (c)(1) and (c)(2) "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place; and

d. In paragraph (e), removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "to Rural Development" in its place and removing "Form FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding
"Form RD" in its place.
§ 1962.29 [Amended]

358. Amend § 1962.29 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(1):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "accepted by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "accepted by Rural Development" in its place; and

iii. Removing "paid by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354,
the County Supervisor may pay them as a petty purchase or as the bill of a
creditor of FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 in accordance
with FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instructions 2024-E,
copies of which are available in any FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 office." and adding "paid by Rural Development, the field office may
pay them in accordance to RD Instruction 2024-A, Exhibit D, Program Loan Cost
Expenses." in its place;

b. In paragraphs (a)(2) and (a)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its
place;

c. In paragraph (b) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place
and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

d. In paragraph (b)(4), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place.
§ 1962.34 [Amended]

359. Amend § 1962.34 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural Development office" in its place and
removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 410-1,
"Application for FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
Services," and adding "Form RD 410-1, "Application for RD Services," in its
place;

b. In paragraph (a)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(2):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354office" and
adding "RD office" in its place; and
§ 1962.40 [Amended]

360. Amend § 1962.40(e)(1)(ii) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place.
§ 1962.41 [Amended]

361. Amend § 1962.41 by removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and "Form FmHA" wherever they occur and adding "Form RD" in their
place.
§ 1962.42 [Amended]

362. Amend § 1962.42 by:

a. In paragraphs (b)(2) and (b)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354";

b. In paragraph (c) introductory text, removing "by FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "by Rural Development" in its place and
removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever
it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

c. In paragraph (c)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 employee" and adding "Rural Development employee" in its place;

d. In paragraph (c)(3), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place, and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" wherever it occurs
and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

e. In paragraphs (c)(4)(ii) and (c)(6)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

f. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "RD" in its place in the following places:

i. Paragraphs (c)(5)(i) introductory text, (c)(5)(i)(A), (c)(5)(i)(B), and
(c)(5)(ii);

ii. Paragraph (c)(6)(ii) introductory text;

iii. Paragraph (c)(6)(ii)(A); and

iv. Paragraph (c)(7);

g. In paragraph (c)(8):

i. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

iii. Removing "and FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "and Rural Development" in its place; and

h. In paragraph (d), removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "a Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1962.45 [Amended]

363. Amend § 1962.45 by removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and by removing "by FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "by Rural Development" in
its place.
§ 1962.49 [Amended]

364. Amend § 1962.49 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

i. The introductory text;

ii. Paragraphs (b)(1)(v), (b)(2)(i), and (b)(2)(ii);

iii. Paragraphs (b)(3) introductory text and (b)(3)(i) through (b)(3)(iv);

iv. Paragraph (c) introductory text; and

v. Paragraphs (e)(2) introductory text, (e)(2)(i), and (e)(3) introductory text;

b. In paragraph (a):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 staff" and
adding "Rural Development staff" in its place;

c. In paragraph (b) introductory text:

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and adding
"Rural Development's" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "interests of FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "interests of Rural Development" in its place;

e. In paragraph (b)(1)(vi), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

f. In paragraph (c)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place and removing "wh=n
applicable" and adding "when applicable" in its place;

g. In paragraph (c)(3)(i):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 455-1" and
adding "RD 455-1" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 455-2" and
adding "RD 455-2" in its place;

iii. Removing "Forms FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 employee"
and adding "Rural Development employee" in its place; and

v. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 employees"
and adding "Rural Development employees" in its place;

h. In paragraphs (c)(3)(ii) introductory text and (e)(2)(ii), removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding
"RD" in its place;

i. In paragraph (c)(3)(ii)(A), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place and
removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"by Rural Development" in its place;

j. In paragraph (c)(3)(ii)(B), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

k. In paragraph (d), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 field office" wherever it occurs and
adding "Rural Development field office" in its place;

l. In paragraph (e) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 1951-9, Annual "Statement of Loan Account," and adding
"RD 1951-9, "Annual Statement of Loan Account," in its place; and

m. In paragraph (e)(1), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 field office" wherever it occurs and
adding "Rural Development field office" in its place.
Part 1980 General

365. The authority citation for part 1980 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989.

Subpart E also issued under 7 U.S.C. 1932(a).
Subpart E--Business and Industrial Loan Program
§ 1980.401
[Amended]

366. Amend § 1980.401(d) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.

367. Revise § 1980.405 to read as follows:
§ 1980.405 Rural areas.

The business financed with a B&I loan must be located in a rural area. Loans to
borrowers with facilities located in both rural and non-rural areas will be
limited to the amount necessary to finance the facility located in the eligible
rural area. Cooperatives that are headquartered in a non-rural area may be
eligible for a B&I loan if the loan is used for a project or venture that is
located in a rural area. Rural areas are any areas other than a city or town
that has a population of greater than 50,000 inhabitants; and the urbanized area
contiguous and adjacent to such a city or town, as defined by the U.S. Bureau of
the Census. For the purpose of this section:

(a) The population figure is obtained from the most recent decennial Census of
the United States (decennial Census). If the applicable population figure cannot
be obtained from the most recent decennial Census, RD will determine the
applicable population figure based on available population data; and

(b) An urbanized area means a densely populated territory as defined in the most
recent decennial Census or other Agency-accepted data source if not defined in
the most recent decennial Census.
§ 1980.411 [Amended]

368. Amend § 1980.411 by:

a. In paragraphs (a)(7) and (a)(11) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural
Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(12):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever
it occurs and adding "to Rural Development" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State" and
adding "Rural Development State" in its place; and

c. In paragraph (a)(13), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1980.412 [Amended]

369. Amend § 1980.412 by removing in the Administrative text at the end of the
section "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354".
§ 1980.413 [Amended]

370. Amend § 1980.413(a) introductory text by removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place.
§ 1980.414 [Amended]

371. Amend § 1980.414 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "to FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "to
Rural Development" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (b), removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "to Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1980.419 [Amended]

372. Amend § 1980.419 by removing from paragraph C. of the Admnistrative text
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 National Office" and
adding "Rural Development National Office" in its place and by removing "Form
FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in
its place.
§ 1980.420 [Amended]

373. Amend § 1980.420 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (d) introductory text:

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 informs" and
adding "Rural Development informs" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 determines"
and adding "Rural Development determines" in its place.
§ 1980.423 [Amended]

374. Amend § 1980.423 by:

a. In paragraphs (a) introductory text and (a)(2), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural
Development review" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(3), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 conditional Commitment For Guarantee," and adding "Form RD 449-14,
"Conditional Commitment for Guarantee," in its place and removing "Form FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 449-14" and adding "Form RD
449-14" in its place;

c. In paragraphs (a)(5), (a)(6) introductory text, and (b)(1), removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding
"Rural Development review" in its place;

d. In paragraph (b)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office" and adding "Rural
Development office" in its place; and

e. In the Administrative text at the end of the section, removing "Form FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place
and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loan" and
adding "Rural Development loan" in its place.
§ 1980.424 [Amended]

375. Amend § 1980.424 by:

a. In paragraphs (a) and (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (b) and (c), removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "a Rural Development" in its place; and

c. In the Administrative text at the end of the section, in its introductory
text and paragraphs A.3 and 5, B.2 and 4, and C, removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its
place.
§§ 1980.432 and 1980.433 [Amended]

376. Amend §§ 1980.432 and 1980.433 by removing in the Administrative text at
the end of the sections "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1980.434 [Amended]

377. Amend § 1980.434 by removing in the Administrative text at the end of the
section "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Official" and
adding "Rural Development official" in its place.
§ 1980.442 [Amended]

378. Amend § 1980.442 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "and Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1980.443 [Amended]

379. Amend § 1980.443 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

i. In paragraphs (a)(1), (a)(4)(i) introductory text, (a)(4)(i)(A)(4),
(a)(4)(i)(B), (a)(4)(i)(C), and (a)(4)(ii); and

ii. In paragraphs (b)(1), (b)(2) introductory text, (b)(2)(i), (b)(5), (b)(6),
and (b)(7)(iii); and

b. In the Administrative text at the end of the section:

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" from
paragraph A introductory text and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 at its" from
paragraph A.3 and adding "Rural Development at its" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 official"
from paragraph A.3 and adding "Rural Development official" in its place.
§ 1980.444 [Amended]

380. Amend § 1980.444(b) and (e) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1980.451 [Amended]

381. Amend § 1980.451 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "desiring FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 assistance" and adding "desiring assistance" in its place;
and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State" and
adding "Rural Development State" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

iii. Removing "between FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "between Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (c):

i. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

iv. Removing "SBA and FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "the Small Business Administration and the U.S. Department of Agriculture
Rural Development (Business and Industrial Loans)" in its place;

d. In paragraphs (d) introductory text, (d)(1), (d)(3) introductory text,
(d)(3)(iii) introductory text, and (d)(3)(iv)(A), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural
Development" in its place;

e. In paragraph (d)(3)(v):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354-assisted" and
adding "Rural Development-assisted" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loans" and
adding "Rural Development loans" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 funds" and
adding "Rural Development funds" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will
consider" and adding "Rural Development will consider" in its place;

f. Revising paragraph (d)(3)(vi);

g. In paragraph (e) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

h. In paragraph (f)(2), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

i. In paragraph (f)(3):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 449-4"
wherever it occurs and adding "RD 449-4" in its place;

ii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place; and

iii. Removing "result in FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "result in Rural Development" in its place;

j. In paragraph (g), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place, and
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and adding
"Rural Development's" in its place;

k. In paragraph (h), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 will submit Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
449-22" and adding "Rural Development will submit Form RD 449-22" in its place;

l. In paragraphs (i)(1), (i)(2), (i)(3), and (i)(10), removing "Form FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form
RD" in its place;

m. In paragraphs (i)(7), (i)(9), (i)(13)(viii), (i)(13)(x), and (i)(15),
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"Rural Development" in its place;

n. In paragraph (i)(13) introductory text, removing "FmHA" wherever it occurs
and adding "RD" in its place;

o. In paragraph (i)(18)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 solicits" and adding "Rural Development solicits" in its place and
removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"Form RD" in its place;

p. In paragraph (i)(18)(ii):

i. Removing "If FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "If Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "Rural Development will" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

q. In paragraph (i)(19), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

r. In paragraphs (j) and (k), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

s. In the Administrative text at the end of the section:

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs in paragraphs A.3 through 5, A.6(a) through (c), and B.3(b)
and (c), and adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 with" in
paragraphs A.3 and 4 and adding "Rural Development with" in its place;

iii. Removing "whom FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph A.4 and adding "whom Rural Development" in its place;

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
wherever it occurs inparagraphs A.5 and B.5 and adding "RD Instruction" in its
place;

v. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 449-4" in
paragraph A.6(c) and the note to paragraph A.6 and adding "RD 449-4" in its
place;

vi. Removing "Forms FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
the note to paragraph A.6 and adding "Forms RD" in its place;

vii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
449-29, "Project Summary--Business Industrial Loan Division," in paragraph
B.3.(b) and adding "A Project Summary" in its place;

viii. Removing "Copy of FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
in paragraph B.3.(d) and adding "Copy of Rural Development" in its place;

ix. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" in
paragraph B.5 and adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

x. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 employees" in
paragraph B.5 and adding "Rural Development employees" in its place;

xi. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" in
paragraph B.5 and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

xii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 position"
in paragraph B.5 and adding "Rural Development position" in its place;

xiii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 urges" in
paragraph B.6 and adding "Rural Development urges" in its place;

xiv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 audit" in
paragraph B.6 and adding "Rural Development audit" in its place;

xv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs in the Description of Record or Form Number and Title table at the end of
the Administrative text section and adding "RD" in its place; and

xvi. Removing "449-29" in the Description of Record or Form Number and Title
table at the end of the Administrative text section and adding "449-29
(obsolete)" in its place.

The revision reads as follows:
§ 1980.451 Filing and processing applications.

* * * * *

(d) * * *

(3) * * *

(vi) Indexation. When current annual data are not available to determine a
State's nonmetropolitan household income for purposes of the calculations
described in paragraph (d)(3)(iii) of this section, indexation of census data is
necessary. The State Director will use the figure from the 5-year data from the
American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other Census Bureau data,
increased by a factor representing the increase since the year of that census in
the Consumer Price Index ("CPI-U"). That factor shall be furnished annually by
the National Office, Rural Development.

* * * * *
§ 1980.452 [Amended]

382. Amend § 1980.452 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 evaluation"
from the section heading and adding "Rural Development evaluation" in its place;

b. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will"
wherever it occurs in the introductory text and adding "Rural Development will"
in its place;

c. Removing "If FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever
it occurs in the introductory text and adding "If Rural Development" in its
place;

d. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs in the introductory text and adding "Form RD" in its place;

e. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State" in the
introductory text, and adding "Rural Development State" in its place; and

f. In the Administrative text at the end of the section:

i. Removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State" in
paragraph D. introductory text, and adding "a Rural Development State" in its
place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs in paragraphs D. introductory text, D.6 introductory text,
D.6.a, b, and d, and d.7, and adding "Form RD" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 employees"
in paragraph D. introductory text and adding "Rural Development employees" in
its place;

iv. Removing "non-FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph D.2 and adding "non-Rural Development" in its place;

v. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
in paragraphs D.2 and D.6.d and e, and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

vi. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office" in
paragraphs D.2 and D.6.d and e, and "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural Development office" in their place;

vii. Removing "the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State"
in paragraphs D. introductory text and D.3 and adding "the Rural Development
State" in its place;

viii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 programs"
wherever it occurs in paragraph D.3 and adding "Rural Development programs" in
its place;

ix. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 as a" in
paragraph D.3 and adding "Rural Development as a" in its place;

x. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 case" in
paragraph D.6 introductory text and adding "Rural Development case" in its
place; and

xi. Removing "Legislative Affairs and Public Information staff in the National
Office" in paragraph D.6.d and adding "Legislative and Public Affairs Staff in
the Rural Development National Office" in its place.
§ 1980.453 [Amended]

383. Amend § 1980.453 by:

a. In paragraph (a):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State" and
adding "Rural Development State" in its place; and

iii. Removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "to Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

c. In the Administrative text at the end of the section:

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 449-29"
and adding "the Project Summary" in its place; and

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

iii. Removing "2. A copy of FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 State Loan Review BoardMinutes" and adding "3. A copy of Rural
Development State Loan Review Board Minutes" in its place.
§ 1980.454 [Amended]

384. Amend § 1980.454 by:

a. In paragraph (a):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State" and
adding "Rural Development State" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

iii. Removing "provide FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "provide Rural Development" in its place; and

iv. Removing "approved by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "approved by Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "Rural Development will" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "approved by the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 National Office" and adding "approved by the National Office" in its
place;

c. In paragraph (c), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing
"intent of FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"intent of Rural Development" in its place;

d. In paragraphs (e) and (f), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its
place; and

e. In the Administrative text at the end of the section:

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "Inspection Reports" in paragraph A.2 and adding "Inspection
Report" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 personnel"
in paragraph C. and adding "Rural Development personnel" in its place; and

iv. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph F. and adding "by Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1980.469 [Amended]

385. Amend § 1980.469 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 of" and adding "Rural Development (RD) of" in its place and removing
"Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form
RD" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (a)(1), (c) introductory text, and (c)(1), removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in
its place; and

c. In the Administrative text at the end of the section:

i. Removing "Refer to appendix G of this subpart (available in any FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office)" in the introductory text and
adding "Refer to RD Instruction 1980-E, Appendix G, Liquidation and Property
Management Guide (available in any RD office)" in its place;

ii. Removing "which FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph B.1 and adding "which Rural Development" in its place;

iii. Removing "approved by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" in paragraph B.1 and adding "approved by Rural Development" in its
place;

iv. Removing "the time FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs in paragraphs B.2 and C.4 and adding "the time Rural
Development" in its place;

v. Removing "occurs FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph B.2 and adding "occurs Rural Development" in its place;

vi. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
in paragraph B.3 and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

vii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" in
paragraph B.3 and adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

viii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 staff" in
paragraph B.3 and adding "Rural Development staff" in its place;

ix. Removing "If FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraphs B.3 and 5 and adding "If Rural Development" in its place;

x. Removing "claim to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs in paragraphs B.3 and 4 and adding "claim to Rural
Development" in its place;

xi. Removing "guaranteed by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" in paragraph B.3 and adding "guaranteed by Rural Development" in its
place;

xii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 was
deceived" in paragraph B.6 and adding "Rural Development was deceived" in its
place;

xiii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 could
then" in paragraph B.7 and adding "Rural Development could then" in its place;

xiv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 personnel"
in paragraph C.2 and adding "Rural Development personnel" in its place;

xv. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraphs C.3.(d) and C.4 and adding "Form RD" in its place;

xvi. Removing "noted by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
in paragraph C.4 and adding "noted by Rural Development" in its place;

xvii. Removing "statements for FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" in paragraph C.5 and adding "statements for Rural Development" in its
place;

xviii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 in turn"
in paragraph C.5 and adding "Rural Development in turn" in its place;

xix. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" in
paragraph C.5 and adding "Rural Development's" in its place; and

xx. Removing "borrower and FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" in paragraph C.6 and adding "borrower, and Rural Development" in its
place.
§ 1980.470 [Amended]

386. Amend the Administrative text at the end of § 1980.470 by:

a. Removing "Refer to appendix G of this subpart (available in any FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office)" from the introductory text
and adding "Refer to RD Instruction 1980-E, Appendix G, Liquidation and Property
Management Guide (available in any Rural Development office)" in its place;

b. Removing "by the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph A. and adding "by the Rural Development" in its place;

c. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph A. and adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

d. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraphs B. and D. and adding "Form RD" in its place;

e. Removing "risks of the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
in paragraph B. and adding "risks of Rural Development" in its place;

f. Removing "the lender and FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" in paragraph B. and adding "the lender and Rural Development" in its
place;

g. Removing "when FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph D. and adding "when Rural Development" in its place;

h. Removing "will FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 endorse"
in paragraph D. and adding "will Rural Development endorse" in its place; and

i. Removing "assist FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph F. and adding "assist Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1980.471 [Amended]

387. Amend § 1980.471 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "Refer to appendix G of this subpart
(available in any FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office)"
and adding "Refer to RD Instruction 1980-E, Appendix G, Liquidation and Property
Management Guide (available in any Rural Development office)" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (a)(1) and (a)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

c. In the Administrative text at the end of the section:

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 personnel" in
paragraph A. and adding "Rural Development personnel" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" in
paragraph B. and adding "Rural Development will" in its place;

iii. Removing "between FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph B. and adding "between Rural Development" in its place;

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 consider" in
paragraph B. and adding "Rural Development consider" in its place;

v. Removing "When FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
liquidates," in paragraph B. and adding "When Rural Development liquidates," in
its place;

vi. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs in paragraphs B. and E. and adding "Form RD" in its place;

vii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 is" in
paragraph D. and adding "Rural Development is" in its place;

viii. Removing "499-30" in paragraph E. and adding "449-30" in its place;

ix. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 to" in
paragraph F. and adding "by Rural Development to" in its place; and

x. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 guaranteed
loan" in paragraph F. and adding "Rural Development guaranteed loan" in its
place.
§ 1980.472 [Amended]

388. Amend § 1980.472 by removing "Refer to appendix G of this subpart
(available in any FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office)"
and adding "Refer to RD Instruction 1980-E, Appendix G, Liquidation and Property
Management Guide (available in any Rural Development office)" in its place.
§ 1980.473 [Amended]

389. Amend § 1980.473 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1980.475 [Amended]

390. Amend § 1980.475 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(6), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's opinion, FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Rural Development's opinion, Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

d. In the Administrative text at the end of the section:

i. Removing "Refer to appendix G of this subpart (available in any FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office)" in the introductory text and
adding "Refer to RD Instruction 1980-E, Appendix G, Liquidation and Property
Management Guide (available in any Rural Development office)" in its place;

ii. Removing "that FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph A. and adding "that Rural Development" in its place;

iii. Removing "advising FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
in paragraph F. and adding "advising Rural Development" in its place;

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 servicing"
wherever it occurs in paragraphs F. and H. and adding "Rural Development
servicing" in its place; and

v. Removing "actions FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph H. and adding "actions Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1980.476 [Amended]

391. Amend § 1980.476 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"Rural Development" in its place wherever it occurs in the following places:

i. Paragraph (a);

i. Paragraphs (e) introductory text, (e)(1), (e)(2), (g)(2)(i), and (g)(2)(iii);

ii. Paragraph (h);

iii. Paragraph (i);

iv. Paragraph (j);

v. Paragraph (l);

vi. Paragraph (m) introductory text; and

vii. Paragraph (n);

b. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"Form RD" in its place;

c. In paragraph (p), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing
"Form 449-30" and adding "Form RD 449-30" in its place; and

d. In the Administrative text at the end of the section:

i. Removing "Refer to appendix G of this subpart (available in any FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office)" and adding "Refer to RD
Instruction 1980-E, Appendix G, Liquidation and Property Management Guide
(available in any Rural Development office)" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 file" in
paragraph B. and adding "Rural Development file" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph B. wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1980.481 [Amended]

392. Amend § 1980.481 introductory text by removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural
Development" in its place.
§ 1980.488 [Amended]

393. Amend § 1980.488(a) and (b), and the administrative text at the end of the
section by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1980.490 [Amended]

394. Amend § 1980.490 by:

a. In paragraphs (d)(1) through (d)(4), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in
its place;

b. In paragraph (f)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place;

c. In paragraph (f)(2):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "Rural Development will" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 449-29"
and adding "the Project Summary" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

d. In paragraph (f)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 will" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development will" in its
place and removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
1980-48" and adding "Form 1980-48" in its place;

e. In paragraph (f)(4):

i. Removing "from FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "from Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
1980-23, "Request for Business and Industry Interest Buydown Payment," and
adding "Form RD 1980-24, "Request Interest Assistance/Interest Rate Buydown
Subsidy Payment to Guaranteed Loan Lender," in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 servicing
office" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development servicing office" in
its place;

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 regulations"
and adding "Rural Development regulations" in its place; and

v. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 1980-48"
and adding "Form 1980-48" in its place;

f. In paragraph (g), removing "When FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "When Rural Development" in its place and removing "Form
FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 1980-23" and adding "Form
RD 1980-24" in its place;

g. In paragraphs (n) introductory text, (n)(4), and (n)(5), removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

h. In paragraphs (p)(4) introductory text and (p)(5)(iii), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place; and

i. In paragraph (p)(4)(ii), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 1980-25, "Farmer Programs Applications," or FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 449-1" and adding "Form RD 449-1" in
its place.

395. Revise § 1980.495 to read as follows:
§ 1980.495 RD forms and guides.

The following RD forms and guides, as applicable, are used in connection with
processing B&I, D&D, and DARBE loan guarantees; they are incorporated in this
subpart and made a part hereof:

(a) Form RD 449-1. "Application for Loan and Guarantee" is referred to as
"Appendix A," or successor form,

(b) The "Certificate of Incumbency and Signature" or successor form,

(c) "Guidelines for Loan Guarantees for Alcohol Fuel Production Facilities" is
referred to as "Appendix C."

(d) "Alcohol Production Facilities Planning, Performing, Development and Project
Control" is referred to as "Appendix D."

(e) "Environmental Assessment Guidelines" is referred to as "Appendix E."

(f) Form RD 449-14, "Conditional Commitment for Guarantee," or successor form.

(g) "Liquidation and Property Management Guide" as found in RD Instruction
1980-E Appendix G.

(h) "Suggested Format for the Opinion of the Lender's Legal Counsel" is referred
to as "Appendix H."

(i) "Instructions for Loan Guarantees for Drought and Disaster Relief" and Forms
RD 1980-68, "Lender's Agreement--Drought and Disaster Guaranteed Loans,"
1980-69, "Loan Note Guarantee--Drought and Disaster Guaranteed Loans," and
1980-70, "Assignment Guarantee Agreement--Drought and Disaster Guaranteed
Loans," or their successor forms.

(j) [Reserved]

(k) "Regulations for Loan Guarantees for Disaster Assistance for Rural Business
Enterprises" and Forms RD 1980-71, "Lender's Agreement--Disaster Assistance for
Rural Business Enterprises Guaranteed Loans," 1980-72 "Loan Note
Guarantee--Disaster Assistance for Rural Business Enterprises Guaranteed Loans,"
and 1980-73 "Assignment Guarantee Agreement--Disaster Assistance for Rural
Business Enterprises Guaranteed Loans" or their successor forms.
§ 1980.497 [Amended]

396. Amend § 1980.497 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "Refer to appendix G of this subpart
(available in any FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office)"
and adding "Refer to RD Instruction 1980-E, Appendix G, Liquidation and Property
Management Guide (available in any Rural Development office)" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (a), (b) introductory text, (c), and (d)(1), removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding
"Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraphs (b)(2) introductory text and (b)(3), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in
its place;

d. In paragraphs (d)(2) and (d)(7) through (d)(9), removing "Form FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;
and

e. In paragraph (f):

i. Removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "to Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "BENEFIT OF FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "benefit of RURAL DEVELOPMENT" in its place; and

iii. Removing "UNDER FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "UNDER RURAL DEVELOPMENT" in its place.
§ 1980.498 [Amended]

397. Amend § 1980.498 by:

a. In paragraphs (k) introductory text, (k)(4), and (k)(5), removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

b. In paragraph (m)(5) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

c. In paragraph (m)(5)(iii), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 410-1, "Application for FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 Services," or Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 449-1" and adding "Form RD 449-1" in its place.
Appendices A and B to Subpart E of Part 1980 [Removed and Reserved]

398. Appendices A and B to Subpart E of Part 1980 are removed and reserved.
Appendix D to Subpart E of Part 1980 [Amended]

399. Amend Appendix D to Subpart E of Part 1980 by removing:

a. "the Farmers Home Administration or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 (FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354)" in paragraph
(I)(B) and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs in
paragraphs (I)(B)(2)(a), (II)(A)(2)(g)(ii), (III)(A)(2), (III)(E) introductory
text, (III)(E)(2), (III)(G), (IV)(A), and (IV)(B)(1) and adding "Rural
Development" in its place; and

c. "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in paragraph
(IV)(B)(3) and adding "Form RD" in its place.
Appendix E to Subpart E of Part 1980 [Amended]

400. Amend Appendix E to Subpart E of Part 1980 by removing:

a. "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's position" in
paragraph (I) and adding "Rural Development's position" in its place;

b. "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 action" in
paragraph (II) and adding "a Rural Development action" in its place; and

c. "the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 action" wherever
it occurs in paragraph (II) and adding "the Rural Development action" in its
place;

d. "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 project" in paragraph
(IV)(2) and adding "Rural Development project" in its place;

e. "or FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in paragraph
(XIII) and adding "or Rural Development" in its place; and

f. "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in paragraph
(XVII) and adding "by Rural Development" in its place.
Appendix F to Subpart E of Part 1980 [Removed and Reserved]

401. Appendix F to subpart E of Part 1980 is removed and reserved.

402. Amend Appendix I to Subpart E of Part 1980 by:

a. Removing ", and appear in theFederal Registerfollowing the body of this
appendix as Exhibits A, B, and C in the following order" in paragraph A.
introductory text;

b. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraphs X.D and X.F and adding "Form RD" in its place;

c. Removing "will be used" in paragraphs A.(1) through (3), IV., and E.1 and 2,
and adding "or successor form will be used" in its place;

d. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will not" in
paragraph D. introductory text, and adding "Rural Development will not" in its
place;

e. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph D.(2) and adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

f. Removing "are FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph J. and adding "are Rural Development" in its place;

g. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 has" in
paragraph J. and adding "Rural Development has" in its place; and

h. Removing Exhibits A through C.
Appendix K to Subpart E of Part 1980 [Amended]

403. Amend Appendix K to Subpart E of Part 1980 by:

a. Removing ", and appear in theFederal Registerfollowing the body of this
appendix as exhibits A, B, and C in the following order" in the introductory
text;

b. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs in paragraphs A.(1) through (3) and G. and adding "Form RD"
in its place;

c. Removing "will be used" in paragraphs A.(1) thorugh (3) and adding "or
successor form will be used" in its place;

d. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 insruction" wherever
they occur in paragraphs B. through F., H., J., and K. and adding "RD
Instruction" in their place;

e. Removing "other FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354-type
farm loan" in paragraph C. and adding "other Rural Development-type farm loan"
in its place;

f. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" in
paragraph D. and adding "Rural Development will" in its place;

g. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph D. and adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

h. Removing "will FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph D. and adding "will Rural Development" in its place;

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" in
paragraph F. and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

j. Removing "Guarantee DARBE," issued on" in paragraph G. and adding "Guarantee
DARBE, " (or successor form) issued on" in its place;

k. Removing "are FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph J. and adding "are Rural Development" in its place;

l. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 guaranteed
loans" in paragraph J. and adding "Rural Development guaranteed loans" in its
place;

m. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 has" and
adding "Rural Development has" in paragraph J. in its place; and

n. Removing Exhibits A through C.
Exhibit G to Subpart E of Part 1980 [Amended]

404. Amend the Note to Exhibit G to Subpart E of Part 1980 by removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in
its place.
CHAPTER XXXV--RURAL HOUSING SERVICE, DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE
Part 3550 Direct Single Family Housing Loans and Grants

405. The authority citation for part 3550 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 42 U.S.C. 1480.
Subpart C--Section 504 Origination and Section 306C Water and Waste Disposal
Grants
§ 3550.103
[Amended]

406. Amend § 3550.103(g) by removing "FmHA" and adding "RD" in its place.

407. In § 3550.116, revise paragraph (c) to read as follows:
§ 3550.116 Definitions applicable to WWD grants only.

* * * * *

(c) Rural areas. Includes unincorporated areas and any city or town with a
population not in excess of 10,000 inhabitants. The population figure is
obtained from the most recent decennial Census of the United States (decennial
Census). If the applicable population figure cannot be obtained from the most
recent decennial Census, RD will determine the applicable population figure
based on available population data.

* * * * *
Part 3560 Direct Multi Family Housing Loans and Grants

408. The authority citation for part 3560 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

42 U.S.C. 1480.
Subpart A--General Provisions and Definitions
§ 3560.11
[Amended]

409. In § 3560.11, revise the definition of "Rural area" to read as follows:
§ 3560.11 Definitions.

* * * * *

Rural area. An area classified as a rural area prior to October 1, 1990, (even
if within a Metropolitan Statistical Area), and any area deemed to be a `rural
area' under any other provision of law at any time during the period beginning
January 1, 2000, and ending December 31, 2010, shall continue to be so
classified until the receipt of data from the decennial census in the year 2020
if such area has a population exceeding 10,000, but not in excess of 35,000, is
rural in character, and has a serious lack of mortgage credit for low- and
moderate-income families.

* * * * *
Subpart B--Direct Loan and Grant Origination
§ 3560.57
[Amended]

410. Amend § 3560.57(c) by removing "most recent census data, or" and adding
"most recent decennial Census of the United States, or" in its place.
Part 3570 Community Programs

411. The authority citation for part 3570 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989.

412. Revise § 3570.51(h) to read as follows:
§ 3570.51 General.

* * * * *

(h) The income data used to determine median household income must be that which
accurately reflects the income of the population to be served by the proposed
facility. The median household income of the service area and the
nonmetropolitan median household income for the State will be determined using
5-year income data from the American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other
Census Bureau data. If there is reason to believe that the ACS or other Census
Bureau data does not accurately represent the median household income within the
area to be served, this will be documented and the applicant may furnish, or RD
may obtain, additional information regarding such median household income data.
Information must consist of reliable data from local, regional, State, or
Federal sources or from a survey conducted by a reliable impartial source.

* * * * *

413. In § 3570.53, revise the definition of "Rural and rural area" to read as
follows:
§ 3570.53 Definitions.

* * * * *

Rural and rural area. For fiscal year 1999, the terms "rural" and "rural area"
include a city or town with a population of 20,000 or less inhabitants. There is
no limitation placed on population in open rural areas. After fiscal year 1999,
the terms "rural" and "rural area" include a city, town, or unincorporated area
that has a population of 50,000 inhabitants or less, other than an urbanized
area immediately adjacent to a city, town, or unincorporated area that has a
population in excess of 50,000 inhabitants. The population figures are obtained
from the most recent decennial Census of the United States (decennial Census).
If the applicable population figures cannot be obtained from the most recent
decennial Census, RD will determine the applicable population figures based on
available population data.

* * * * *
Part 3575 General

414. The authority citation for part 3575 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301, 7 U.S.C. 1989.
Subpart A--Community Programs Guaranteed Loans

415. In § 3575.2, revise the definition of "Rural and rural area" to read as
follows:
§ 3575.2 Definitions.

* * * * *

Rural and rural area. The terms "rural" and "rural area" mean a city, town, or
unincorporated area that has a population of 50,000 inhabitants or less, other
than an urbanized area immediately adjacent to a city, town, or unincorporated
area that has a population in excess of 50,000 inhabitants. The population
figure is obtained from the most recent decennial Census of the United States
(decennial Census). If the applicable population figure cannot be obtained from
the most recent decennial Census, RD will determine the applicable population
figure based on available population data.

* * * * *
CHAPTER XLII--RURAL BUSINESS-COOPERATIVE SERVICE AND RURAL UTILITIES SERVICE,
DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE
Part 4274 Direct and Insured Loanmaking

416. The authority citation for part 4274 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1932 note; 7 U.S.C. 1989.

417. In § 4274.302(a), remove the defintion of "Rural or rural area" and add the
definition of "Rural area" in alphabetical order to read as follows:
§ 4274.302 Definitions and abbreviations.

(a) * * *

Rural area. All territory of a State that is not within the outer boundary of
any city having a population of 25,000 or more. The population figure is
obtained from the most recent decennial Census of the United States (decennial
Census). If the applicable population figure cannot be obtained from the most
recent decennial Census, RD will determine the applicable population figure
based on available population data.

* * * * *

418. In § 4274.344, revise paragraphs (c)(2) introductory text and (c)(2)(vi)
introductory text to read as follows:
§ 4274.344 Filing and processing applications for loans.

* * * * *

(c) * * *

(2) Employment. For computations under this paragraph, income data should be
5-year income data from the American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other
Census Bureau data, updated according to changes in the consumer price index. If
there is reason to believe that the ACS or other Census Bureau data does not
accurately represent the median household income of the service area, the
reasons will be documented and the borrower may furnish, or RD may obtain,
additional information regarding such median household income data. Information
must consist of reliable data from local,regional, State or Federal sources or
from a survey conducted by a reliable impartial source. The poverty line used
will be as defined in section 673 (2) of the Community Services Block Grant Act
(42 U.S.C. 9902(2)). Unemployment data used will be that published by the Bureau
of Labor Statistics, U.S. Department of Labor.

* * * * *

(vi) The population of the service area according to the most recent decennial
Census was lower than that recorded by the previous decennial Census (or as
equivalently determined using another data source if the other data source was
used in determining whether the area was rural) by the following percentage:

* * * * *
Part 4279 Guaranteed Loanmaking

419. The authority citation for part 4279 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1932(a); and 7 U.S.C. 1989.
Subpart A--General

420. In § 4279.2, revise the definition of "Poor" to read as follows:
§ 4279.2 Definitions and abbreviations.

* * * * *

Poor. A community or area is considered poor if either the county, city, or
census tract where the community or area is located has a median household
income at or below the poverty line for a family of four; has a median household
income below the nonmetropolitan median household income for the State; or has a
population of which 25 percent or more have income at or below the poverty line.
The determination of "poor" will be based on 5-year data from the American
Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other Census Bureau data. If there is
reason to believe that the ACS or other Census Bureau data does not accurately
represent the median household income of the community or area, the reasons will
be documented and the borrower may furnish, or RD may obtain, additional
information regarding such median household income data. Information must
consist of reliable data from local, regional, State or Federal sources or from
a survey conducted by a reliable impartial source.

* * * * *
Part 4280 Loans and Grants

421. The authority citation for part 4280 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 904c; 7 U.S.C. 8107.
Subpart A--Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant Program

422. In § 4280.3, remove the definition of "Rural area" and add the definition
of "Rural or rural area" in alphabetical order to read as follows:
§ 4280.3 Definitions.

* * * * *

Rural or rural area. See 7 U.S.C. 1991(a)(13)(A) and (D) et seq.

* * * * *

423. Revise § 4280.42(b)(7) to read as follows:
§ 4280.42 Application evaluation and selection.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(7) Decline in population for the county where the Project is physically
located. If there has been a decline in population in the county where the
Project will be located over the time period covered by the two most recent
decennial Censuses to the present (or equivalent time frame if using a data
source other than the decennial Census), Rural Development will award 10 points.

* * * * *
Subpart B--Rural Energy for America Program General
§ 4280.103
[Amended]

424. Amend § 4280.103 by removing "the latest decennial census" in the
introductory text to the definition of "Rural or rural area" and adding "the
most recent decennial Census" in its place.
Subpart D--Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program

425. In § 4280.302(a), revise the first sentence of the definition of "Rural or
rural area" to read as follows:
4280.302 Definitions and abbreviations.

(a) * * *

Rural or rural area. Any area of a State not in a city or town that has a
population of more than 50,000 inhabitants, according to the most recent
decennial Census of the United States (decennial Census), and the contiguous and
adjacent urbanized area, and any area that has been determined to be "rural in
character" by the Under Secretary for Rural Development, or as otherwise
identified in this definition.

* * *

* * * * *
§ 4280.316 [Amended]

426. Amend § 4280.316(b)(1)(v) by removing "the latest applicable decennial
census" and adding "the most recent decennial Census" in its place.
Part 4284 Grants

427. The authority citation for part 4284 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301 and 7 U.S.C. 1989.

Subpart F also issued under 7 U.S.C. 1932(e).

Subpart G also issued under 7 U.S.C. 1926(a)(11).

Subpart J also issued under 7 U.S.C. 1621 note.

Subpart K also issued under 7 U.S.C. 1621 note.
Subpart A--General Requirements for Cooperative Service Grant Programs
§ 4284.3
[Amended]

428. Amend § 4284.3 by removing "the latest decennial census" in the definition
of "rural and rural area" and adding "the most recent decennial Census" in its
place.
Subpart G--Rural Business Opportunity Grants

429. In § 4284.603, revise the definitions of "long-term" and "rural and rural
area" to read as follows:
§ 4284.603 Definitions.

* * * * *

Long-term. The period of time covered by the three most recent decennial
Censuses of the United States to the present.

* * * * *

Rural and rural area. Any area other than a city or town that has a population
of greater than 50,000 inhabitants including the urbanized area contiguous and
adjacent to such a city or town. The population figure used must be in
accordance with the most recent decennial Census of the United States.

* * * * *
Part 4288 Payment Programs

430. The authority citation for part 4288 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989.
Subpart A--Repowering Assistance Payments to Eligible Biorefineries
§ 4288.2
[Amended]

431. Amend § 4288.2 by removing "the latest decennial census" in the
introductory text of the definition of "Rural or rural area" and adding "the
most recent decennial Census" in its place.
Part 4290 Rural Business Investment Company Rbic Program

432. The authority citation for part 4290 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

7 U.S.C. 1989 and 209cc et seq.
Subpart B--Definition of Terms Used in Part 4290

433. In § 4290.50, revise the introductory text of the definition of "Rural
Area" and revise the definition of "Urban Area" to read as follows:
§ 4290.50 Definition of terms.

* * * * *

Rural Area means any area of a State not in a city or town that has a population
of more than 50,000 inhabitants, according to the most recent decennial Census
of the United States (decennial Census), or in the urbanized area contiguous and
adjacent to a city or town that has a population of more than 50,000
inhabitants, and any area that has been determined to be "rural in character" by
the Under Secretary for Rural Development, or as otherwise identified in this
definition.

* * * * *

Urban Area means an area containing a city (or its equivalent), or any
equivalent geographic area determined by the Census Bureau and adopted by the
Secretary for purposes of this definition (about which the Secretary will
publish a document in theFederal Registerfrom time to time), which had a
population of over 150,000 in the most recent decennial Census and the urbanized
areas containing or adjacent to that city, both as determined by the Bureau of
the Census for the most recent decennial Census.

* * * * *
Dated: January 15, 2015.
Lisa Mensah,
Under Secretary, Rural Development.
Dated: January 23, 2015.
Michael Scuse,
Under Secretary, Farm and Foreign Agricultural Services.
[FR Doc. 2015-01571 Filed 2-23-15; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE 3410-XY-P

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               4 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 28, 2015 Saturday

Rural Development: FmHAand Census References

LENGTH: 59921  words


Washington, D.C.: This Rule document was issued by the Farm Service Agency (FSA)


Direct final rule.
Summary

Rural Development (RD) is amending its regulations by updating references to the
Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) and clarifying and updating references to the
census data. These actions will provide consistency in terminology between
program regulations. In addition, clarifying and updating references to census
data is needed to account for changes to the decennial Census, which, starting
with the 2010 decennial Census is no longer reporting income and unemployment
data. Additional revisions are being implemented to show the regulations that do
not apply to the Farm Service Agency (FSA) and to remove outdated or unnecessary
language.
Dates

This rule will become effective April 27, 2015 without further action unless the
Agency receives significant written adverse comments or written notices of
intent to submit adverse comments on or before March 26, 2015. If the Agency
receives significant adverse comments or notices, the Agency will publish a
timely notice in theFederal Registerwithdrawing those provisions on which
adverse comment were received.
Addresses

You may submit adverse comments or notice of intent to submit adverse comments
to this rule by any of the following methods:

Federal eRulemaking Portal: http://www.regulations.gov. Follow the instructions
for submitting comments.
    Mail: Submit written comments via the U.S. Postal Service to the Branch
Chief, Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, U.S. Department of
Agriculture, STOP 0742, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-0742.

    Hand Delivery/Courier: Submit written comments via Federal Express Mail, or
other courier service requiring a street address, to the Branch Chief,
Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, U.S. Department of Agriculture, 300
7th Street SW., 7th Floor, Washington, DC 20024.

All written comments will be available for public inspection during regular work
hours at the 300 7th Street SW., 7th Floor address listed above.
For Further Information Contact

Kenneth Meardon, Policy Advisor, Rural Business-Cooperative Service, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, STOP 3201, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington,
DC 20250-3225; email: ken.meardon@wdc.usda.gov; telephone (202) 260-8296.
Supplementary Information
Classification

This rule has been determined to be not significant for purposes of Executive
Order 12866 and has not been reviewed by the Office of Management and Budget.
Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance

RD's programs affected by this rulemaking are shown in the Catalog of Federal
Domestic Assistance (CFDA) with numbers as indicated:

10.350--Technical Assistance to Cooperatives

10.352--Value-Added Producer Grants (4284)

10.405--Farm Labor Housing Loans and Grants (3560)

10.410--Very Low to Moderate Income Housing Loans (Section 502 Rural Housing
Loans) (3550)

10.415--Rural Rental Housing Loans

10.420--Rural Self-Help Technical Assistance

10.427--Rural Rental Assistance Payments (3560)

10.433--Rural Housing Preservation Grants

10.438--Rural Rental Housing Program--Guaranteed Loans

10.441--Technical and Supervisory Assistance Grants

10.448--Rural Housing Service Multi-Family Housing Rural Housing Voucher
Demonstration Program (3560)

10.759--Special Evaluation Assistance for Rural Communities and Households
Program (SEARCH) (1774)

10.760--Water and Waste Disposal Systems for Rural Communities (1779, 1780)

10.761--Technical Assistance and Training Grants (1775)

10.762--Solid Waste Management Grants (1775)

10.763--Emergency Community Water Assistance Grants (1778)

10.766--Community Facilities Loans and Grants (3570, 3575)

10.767--Intermediary Relending Program (4274)

10.768--Business and Industry Guaranteed Loan Program (4279)

10.769--Rural Business Enterprise Grant Program

10.770--Water and Waste Disposal Loans and Grants (Section 306C) (1777)

10.771--Rural Cooperative Development Grants

10.773--Rural Business Opportunity Grant Program

10.781--Water and Waste Disposal Systems for Rural Communities--ARRA (1780)

10.782--Appropriate Technology Transfer for Rural Areas (4284)

10.850--Rural Electrification Loans and Loan Guarantees (1714)

10.851--Rural Telephone Loans and Loan Guarantees (1735)

10.854--Rural Economic Development Loans and Grants (4280)

10.857--State Bulk Fuel Revolving Fund Grants

10.858--RUS Denali Commission Grants and Loans

10.859--Assistance to High Energy Cost--Rural Communities (1709)

10.860--Rural Business Investment Program (4290)

10.861--Public Television Station Digital Transition Grant Program (1740)

10.862--Water and Waste Disposal Systems for Rural Communities (1776)

10.863--Community Connect Grant Program (1739)

10-864--Grant Program to Estabish a Fund for Financing Water and Wastewater
Projects (1783)

10.865--Biorefinery Assistance (4279)

10.866--Repowering Assistance Program (4288)

10.867--Bioenergy Program for Advanced Biofuels (4288)

10.868--Rural Energy for America Program (4280)

10.870--Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program

10.871--Small Socially-Disadvantaged Producer Grants (4284)

10.886--Rural Broadband Access Loans and Loan Guarantees (1738)

All active CFDA programs can be found at www.cfda.gov under "Department of
Agriculture, RuralDevelopment." Programs not listed in this section or not
listed on the CFDA Web site but are still being serviced by RD will nevertheless
be covered by the requirements of this action.
Executive Order 12372, Intergovernmental Review of Federal Programs

This action is not subject to the provisions of Executive Order 12372, which
requires intergovernmental consultation with State and local officials.
Executive Order 12988, Civil Justice Reform

This rule has been reviewed under Executive Order 12988, Civil Justice Reform.
RD has determined that this rule meets the applicable standards provided in
section 3 of the Executive Order. Additionally, (1) all state and local laws and
regulations that are in conflict with this rule will be preempted; (2) no
retroactive effect will be given to the rule; and (3) administrative appeal
procedures, if any, must be exhausted before litigation against the Department
or its agencies may be initiated, in accordance with the regulations of the
National Appeals Division of USDA at 7 CFR part 11.
Environmental Impact Statement

This document has been reviewed in accordance with 7 CFR part 1940, subpart G,
"Environmental Program." RD has determined that this action does not constitute
a major Federal action significantly affecting the quality of the human
environment and, in accordance with the National Environmental Policy Act (NEPA)
of 1969, 42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq., an Environmental Impact Statement is not
required.
Unfunded Mandates Reform Act

This rule contains no Federal mandates (under the regulatory provisions of Title
II of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995) for State, local, and Tribal
governments or the private sector. Thus, this rule is not subject to the
requirements of sections 202 and 205 of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of
1995.
Regulatory Flexibility Act

Under section 605(b) of the Regulatory Flexibility Act, 5 U.S.C. 605(b), RD
certifies that this rule will not have a significant economic impact on a
substantial number of small entities because the action will not affect a
significant number of small entities as defined by the Regulatory Flexibility
Act (5 U.S.C. 501). RBS made this determination based on the fact that this
action only impacts internal Agency procedures for determining how much of
available program funds are allocated to each state. Small entities will not be
impacted to a greater extent than large entities.
Executive Order 13132, Federalism

The policies contained in this rule do not have any substantial direct effect on
states, on the relationship between the national government and the states, or
on the distribution of power and responsibilities among the various levels of
government. Nor does this rule impose substantial direct compliance costs on
state and local governments. Therefore, consultation with states is not
required.
Executive Order 13175, Consultation and Coordination With Indian Tribal
Governments

This executive order imposes requirements on RD in the development of regulatory
policies that have Tribal implications or preempt tribal laws. RD has determined
that the rule does not, to our knowledge, have a substantial direct effect on
one or more Indian Tribe(s) or on either the relationship or the distribution of
powers and responsibilities between the Federal Government and Indian Tribes.
Thus, this rule is not subject to the requirements of Executive Order 13175. If
a Tribe determines that this rule has implications of which RD is not aware and
would like to engage with RD on this rule, please contact RD's Native American
Coordinator at (202) 690-1681 or AIAN@wdc.usda.gov
Paperwork Reduction Act

There are no reporting and recordkeeping requirements associated with this rule.

E-Government Act Compliance

RD is committed to complying with the E-Government Act, to promote the use of
the Internet and other information technologies, to provide increased
opportunities for citizens to access Government information and services
electronically.
I. Background and Discussion

RD is amending numerous RD regulations in two broad areas--references to the
Farmners Home Administration and references to Bureau of Census data. For those
RD regulations affected by these two areas, RD is also making several additional
changes by updating the text with regard to applicability of the regulations to
the FSA; removing or updating outdated text, as applicable; and removing
unnecessary text.
II. Discussion of Changes
A. Farmers Home Administration (FmHA)

Many RD regulations still contain references to the Farmers Home Administration,
or FmHA, which was the predecessor agency to both RD and FSA.

FmHA references most frequently encountered in RD regulations are in reference
to forms, instructions, and addresses. RD is either removing references that are
no longer necessary or updating the FmHA references to reflect the appropriate
entity, as applicable. New references will be to RD, Agency, to the specific RD
agency (Rural Business-Cooperative Service, Rural Housing Service, Rural
Utilities Service), to the "government," or to the United States, depending on
the context of the regulation. Where necessary in individual RD regulations,
definitions have been changed or added to reflect the new reference(s).
B. Census References

Many RD regulations refer to census data as the source to be used for various
popluation-, income-, and unemployment-related data. RD is amending those
portions of its regulations that reference U.S. Bureau of Census (Census Bureau)
and its data primarily due to changes in the data being reported by the Census
Bureau in the decennial Census.

Other changes are being implemented to further consistency among RD programs in
referencing sources to be used for population-related data requirements and
provisions and to provide clarification of how provisions are implemented.
Finally, RD is removing outdated or unnecessary text.

The following paragraphs discuss these changes.

1. Census Bureau data. RD allocates the funding for a number of its programs
using formulas that rely on data supplied by the Census Bureau, frequently as
found in the decennial Census. Most RD regulations refer to this as "using the
latest census data available" or similar language.

Starting with the 2010 census, however, the Census Bureau no longer reports
income data in the decennial Census. Thus, RD needs to identify an alternative
source for income-related data.

After examining several alternative data sources, RD determined that income data
published by the Census Bureau in the American CommunitySurvey (ACS), as found
in the 5-year survey component of the ACS, provides the best source of data for
estimates of state-level income and poverty data, even though such are no longer
being published in the decennial Census. RD is also aware that the data
contained in the ACS may not meet the needs of a specific program and that the
ACS may at some point in the future be replaced or discontinued. For these
reasons, RD is using "5-year income data from the American Community Survey
(ACS) or, if needed, other Census Bureau data" to indicate the source of the
data to be used.

In some instances, RD regulations refer to using other data sources for
income-related data if the ACS or Census Bureau data are outdated. RD is
retaining that concept where it currently exists, but modifying the language to
address the revision noted in the preceding paragraph.

2. Consistency and clarification. As described below, RD is making several
changes to create consistency between the RD programs.

a. Whenever a regulation is directing the use of the decennial Census as the
data source, RD is using "the most recent decennial Census of the United States
(decennial Census)" consistently throughout the RD regulations. This change
brings consistency among the three RD agencies and their regulations.

b. RD regulations apply not only to what most people understand as the 50 states
of the United States, but also to the U.S. Virgin Islands, Puerto Rico, Guam,
American Samoa, the Marshall Islands, etc. The decennial Census does not report
population for most of these territories. Some, but not all, of the RD
regulations clearly identify how population data are to be obtained for these
other areas. To make this consistent, RD is revising text to make clear in all
its regulations the data sources to be used. Specifically, if the decennial
Census does not provide the applicable population information, then RD will
determine the applicable population data based on available population data.
C. FSA Related Changes

When they were operating as the Farmers Home Adminstration, RD and FSA shared
many regulations. With RD and FSA now separate entities, many of the regulations
in 7 CFR no longer apply to FSA. Some of these regulations have already been
identified as no longer being applicable to FSA. There are a few regulations,
however, that still need to be identified as no being applicable to FSA and RD
is adding text to that effect. The regulations are: 7 CFR 1900 subpart A, 7 CFR
1902 subpart A, and 7 CFR 1910 subpart B.
D. Outdated and/or Unnecessary Text in Those Parts and Subparts That Contain
Either Reference to Census Bureau or FmHA

Once RD identified those CFR parts that need updating with regard to references
to FmHA and the Census Bureau, RD also identified a number of other outdated or
unnecessary material, and thus is revising such material. In brief, these
changes:

Remove reference to Rand McNally and Company as an alternative source of
population data (7 CFR 1735.2, 7 CFR 1737.2);
    Remove references to a Federal Communications Commission Web site and to a
Census Tiger Map (7 CFR 1740.8(b)(1)(i) and (c)(1);
    Remove a series of Agency forms from 7 CFR 1980, Subpart E and their
conforming references. Specifically, RD will no longer publish in the CFR RD
forms identified as: (1) Appendix A, (2) Appendix B, (3) Appendix F, (4)
Exhibits A through C to Appendix I to Subpart E of Part 1980, and (5) Exhibits A
through C to Appendix K to Subpart E of Part 1980. The applicable forms will
continue to be available in RD offices and through RD's Web site;
    Remove reference to the year 2000 as it currently modifies "Census block" in
7 CFR 1709(b);
    Remove the first paragraph in the definition of Rural and rural area in 7
CFR 3575.1. This paragraph references Fiscal Year 1999 and is thus obsolete; and

    Update the reference to the Legislative Affairs and Public Information Staff
(LAPIS) with the Legislative and Public Affairs Staff (LAPAS) (7 CFR parts 1942,
1944, 1948, and 1980).

E. Other

For the Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant (REDLG) program, RD is
modifying both the definition of Rural or rural area" (7 CFR 4280.3) and the
scoring criterion associated with the decline in population for the county where
the project is physically located (7 CFR 4280.42(b)(7)).

RD is modifying the definition of "Rural or rural area" for REDLG to make the
definition consistent with the definition for "rural or rural area" found in the
Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP), whose definition is more
comprehensive and consistent with other definitions with Rural
Business-Cooperative Service programs.

RD is modifying the identified scoring criterion by adding reference to making
the calculation using the an "equivalent time frame" in those instances where
data is used from a data source other than the decennial Census.
List of Subjects

Administrative practice and procedure, Electric utilities, Grant
programs--energy, Rural areas.

Electric power, Loan programs--energy, Rural areas.

Loan programs--communications, Reporting and recordkeeping requirements, Rural
areas, Telephone.

Loan programs--communications, Reporting and recordkeeping requirements, Rural
areas.

Broadband, Loan programs--communications, Rural areas, Telecommunications,
Telephone.

Broadband, Grant programs--Communications, Rural areas, Telecommunications,
Telephone.

Grant programs--Digital televisions; Communications, Rural areas, Television.

Community development, Grant programs, Reporting and recordkeeping requirements,
Rural areas, Waste treatment and disposal, Water supply.

Business and industry, Community development, Community facilities, Grant
programs--housing and community development, Reporting and recordkeeping
requirements, Rural areas, Waste treatment and disposal, Water supply,
Watersheds.

Agriculture, Community development, Community facilities, Credit, Grant
programs--housing and community development, Nonprofit organizations, Reporting
and recordkeeping requirements, Rural areas, Waste treatment and disposal, Water
pollution control, Water resources, Water supply, Watersheds.

Community development, Community facilities, Grant programs--housing and
community development, Loan programs--housing and community development,
Reporting and recordkeeping requirements, Rural areas, Waste treatment and
disposal, Water supply, Watersheds.

Community development, Community facilities, Grant programs--Housing and
Community development, Reporting and recordkeeping requirements, Rural areas,
Waste treatment and disposal, Water supply, Watersheds.

Loan programs--housing and community development, Rural areas, Waste treatment
and disposal, Water supply.

Community development, Community facilities, Grant programs--housing and
community development, Loan programs--housing and community development,
Reporting and recordkeeping requirements, Rural areas, Waste treatment and
disposal, Water supply, Watersheds.

Community development, Community facilities, Loan programs--housing and
community development, Reporting and recordkeeping requirements, Rural areas,
Waste treatment and disposal, Water supply, Watersheds.

Business and industry, Community development, Community facilities, Grant
programs--housing and community development, Reporting and recordkeeping
requirements, Rural areas, Waste treatment and disposal, Water supply,
Watersheds.

Agriculture, Flood insurance, Loan programs--agriculture, Loan programs--housing
and community development, Low and moderate income housing, Rural areas.

Agriculture, Loan programs--agriculture, Loan programs--Housing and community
development, Low and moderate income housing, Rural areas.

Loan programs--Housing and community development, Low and moderate income
housing, Nonprofit organizations, Rural areas.

Administrative practice and procedure, Authority delegations (Government
agencies), Conflict of interests, Government employees, Grant
programs--agriculture, Grant programs--housing and community development, Loan
programs--agriculture, Loan programs--housing and community development,
Reporting and recordkeeping requirements, Rural areas.

Agriculture, Civil rights, Fair housing, Grant programs--agriculture, Grant
programs--housing and community development, Grant programs--Indians, Historic
preservation, Indians, Intergovernmental relations, Loan Programs--agriculture,
Loan programs--housing and community development, Marital status discrimination,
Minimum wages, Religious discrimination, Reporting and recordkeeping
requirements, Rural areas, Sex discrimination.

Accounting; Banks, banking; Grant programs--agriculture, Grant programs--housing
and community development; Loan programs--agriculture; Loan programs--housing
and community development, Reporting and recordkeeping requirements.

Agriculture, Credit, Loan programs--agriculture, Loan programs--housing and
community development, Low and moderate income housing, Reporting and
recordkeeping requirements.

Agriculture, Administrative practice and procedures, Claims, Credit, Grant
programs--housing and community development, Housing Standards, Loan
programs-agriculture, Low and moderate income housing, Manufactured homes,
Reporting and recordkeeping requirements, Rural areas.

Agriculture, Loan programs--agriculture, Loan programs--housing and community
development, Low and moderate income housing, Rural areas, Taxes.

Agriculture, Loan programs--agriculture, Loan programs--housing and community
development, Low and moderate income housing, Rural areas.

Agriculture, Environmental protection, Flood plains, Grant
programs--agriculture, Grant programs-housing and community development, Loan
programs-agriculture, Loan programs--housing and community development, Low and
moderate income housing, Reporting and recordkeeping requirements, Rural areas,
Truth in lending.

Business and industry, Community facilities, Fire prevention, Grant
programs--business, Grant programs--housing and community development, Grant
programs--Indians, Indians, Loan programs--agriculture, Loan programs-housing
and community development, Loan programs--Indians, Loan programs--natural
resources, Reporting and recordkeeping requirements, Rural areas, Waste
treatment and disposal, Water supply, Watersheds.

Administrative practice and procedure, Aged, Cooperatives, Fair housing, Grant
programs--housing and community development, Home improvement, Individuals with
disabilities, Loan programs--housing and community development, Low and moderate
income housing, Manufactured homes, Migrant labor, Rent subsidies, Reporting
requirements, Rural areas.

Coal, Community facilities, Grant programs--housing and community development,
Reporting and recordkeeping requirements,Rural areas, Uranium.

Accounting, Loan programs--agriculture, Loan programs--housing and community
development, Military personnel, Rural areas.

Accounting, Claims, Community facilities, Credit, Disaster assistance,
Government employees, Grant programs--housing and community development,
Housing, Income taxes, Loan programs--agriculture, Loan programs--housing and
community development, Low and moderate income housing, Reporting and
recordkeeping requirements, Rural areas, Wages.

Agriculture, Drug traffic control, Government property, Loan
programs--agriculture, Loan programs--housingand community development, Low and
moderate income housing, Rural areas.

Accounting, Business and industry, Claims, Loan programs--agriculture, Loan
programs--housing and community development, Reporting and recordkeeping
requirements, Rural areas.

Loan programs--housing and community development, Low and moderate income
housing, Rural areas.

Agriculture, Bankruptcy, Drug traffic control, Government property, Loan
programs--agriculture, Loan programs--housing and community development, Rural
areas.

Agriculture, Business and industry, Community facilities, Credit, Disaster
assistance, Livestock, Loan programs--agriculture, Loan programs--business, Loan
programs--housing and community development, Low and moderate income housing,
Reporting and recordkeeping requirements, Rural areas.

Administrative practice and procedure, Environmental impact statements, Fair
housing, Grant programs--housing and community development, Housing, Loan
programs--housing and community development, Low and moderate income housing,
Manufactured homes, Reporting and recordkeeping requirements, Rural areas.

Accounting, Administrative practice and procedure, Aged, Conflict of interests,
Government property management, Grant programs--Housing and community
development, Insurance, Loan programs--Agriculture, Loan programs--Housing and
community development, Low and moderate income housing, Migrant labor,
Mortgages, Nonprofit organizations, Public housing, Rent subsidies, Reporting
and recordkeeping requirements, Rural areas.

Administrative practice and procedure, Fair Housing, Grant programs--housing and
community development, ousing, Low and moderate income housing, Reporting and
recordkeeping requirements, Rural areas.

Loan programs--agriculture.

Community development, Loan programs--business, Reporting and recordkeeping
requirements, Rural areas.

Loan programs--business, Reporting and recordkeeping requirements, Rural areas.

Loan programs--Business and industry, Economic development, Energy, Energy
efficiency improvements, Feasibility studies, Grant programs, Guaranteed loan
programs, Renewable energy systems, Rural areas.

Business and industry, Community development, Community facilities, Grant
programs--housing and community development, Loan programs--housing and
community development, Reporting and recordkeeping requirements, Rural areas,
Waste treatment and disposal, Water supply.

Administrative practice and procedure, Energy--advanced biofuel, Renewable
biomass, Reporting and recordkeeping.

Community development, Government securities, Grant programs--business,
Securities, Small businesses.

For the reasons discussed above, Rural Development is amending chapters XVII,
XVIII, XXXV, and XLII of title 7, of the Code of Federal Regulations as follows
Chapter Xvii Rural Utilities Service Department of Agriculture
Part 1709 Assistance to High Energy Cost Communities

1. The authority citation for part 1709 continues to read as follows:
Authority

5 U.S.C. 301, 7 U.S.C. 901 et seq.
Regulatory Text
Subpart B--RUS High Energy Cost Grant Program
§ 1709.107
[Amended]

2. Amend § 1709.107(b) by removing "2000 Census block" and adding "Census block
according to the most recent decennial Census of the United States (decennial
Census)" in its place.

3. Revise § 1709.123(c)(2) to read as follows:
§ 1709.123 Evaluation criteria and weights.

* * * * *

(c) * * *

(2) Rurality. Priority consideration may be given to proposals that serve
smaller rural communities. Applications will be scored based on the population
of the largest incorporated cities, towns or villages or census designated
places included within the grant's proposed target area as determined using the
population figures from the most recent decennial Census. If the applicable
population figure cannot be based on the most recent decennial Census, RD will
determine the applicable population figure based on available population data.

* * * * *
Subpart C--Bulk Fuel Revolving Fund Grant Program

4. Revise § 1709.210(c)(3) to read as follows:
§ 1709.210 Application process.

* * * * *

(c) * * *

(3) Assessment of needs and potential beneficiaries. The application must
provide estimates of the number, location and population of potentially eligible
areas in the State and their estimated fuel needs and costs. The section must
also describe the criteria used to identify eligible areas, including the
characteristics that make fuel deliveries by surface transport impossible or
impracticable. The description of beneficiary communities should provide a
detailed breakdown of the density profile of the area to be served by eligible
projects. Indicate to what extent persons in eligible areas live outside of
communities of 2,500 persons or more, communities of 5,000 or more or outside of
communities of 20,000 or more. All population estimates should be based on the
most recent decennial Census of the United States. If the applicable population
estimate cannot be based on the most recent decennial Census, RD will determine
the applicable population figure based on available population data. All
representations should be supported with exhibits such as maps, summary tables
and references to official information sources.

* * * * *
Part 1714 Pre Loan Policies and Procedures for Insured Electric Loans

5. The authority citation for part 1714 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

7 U.S.C. 901 et seq.; 1921 et seq.; and 6941 et seq.
Subpart A--General

6. Revise the second and third sentences in § 1714.5(d) to read as follows:
§ 1714.5 Determination of interest rates on municipal rate loans.

* * * * *

(d) * * * The method used to determine this rate is set forth in the regulations
of the Rural Housing Service at 7 CFR 1942.17(f)(1) and (4). Pursuant to the RUS
rule, the interest rates are set using as guidance the average of the Bond Buyer
Index for the four weeks prior to the first Friday of the last month before the
beginning of the quarter. * * *

7. Revise § 1714.7(b)(2)(i) and (ii) to read as follows:
§ 1714.7 Interest rate cap.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(2) * * *

(i) To qualify under the consumer income test, the borrower must include in its
loan application information about the location of its residential consumers.
The borrower must provide to RUS, based on the most recent data available at the
time of loan application, either the number of consumers in each county it
serves or the number of consumers in each census tract it serves. Using 5-year
income data from the American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other Census
Bureau data, RUS will compare, on a weighted average basis, the average per
capita and median household income of the counties or census tracts served by
the borrower with state figures.

(ii) If there is reason to believe that the ACS or other Census Bureau data does
not accurately represent the economic conditions of the borrower's consumers,
the reasons will be documented and the borrower may furnish, or RD may obtain,
additional information regarding such economic conditions. Information must
consist of reliable data from local, regional, State, or Federal sources or from
a survey conducted by a reliable impartial source. The Administrator has the
sole discretion to determine whether such data submitted by the borrower is
sufficient to determine whether the borrower qualifies under the consumer income
test.

* * * * *
Part 1735 General Policies Types of Loans Loan Requirements Telecommunications
Program

8. The authority citation for part 1735 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

7 U.S.C. 901 et seq., 1921 et seq., and 6941 et seq.
Subpart A--General

9. In § 1735.2, revise the definition of "Rural area" to read as follows:
§ 1735.2 Definitions.

* * * * *

Rural area means any area of the United States, its territories and insular
possessions (including any area within the Federated States of Micronesia, the
Republic of the Marshall Islands, and the Republic of Palau) not included within
the boundaries of any incorporated or unincorporated city, village or borough
having a population exceeding 5,000 inhabitants. The population figure is
obtained from the most recent decennial Census of the United States (decennial
Census). If the applicable population figure cannot be obtained from the most
recent decennial Census, RD will determine the applicable population figure
based on available population data. For purposes of the "rural area" definition,
the character of an area is determined as of a time the initial loan for the
system is made.

* * * * *
Subpart B--Loan Purposes and Basic Policies

10. Revise § 1735.10(g) to read as follows:
§ 1735.10 General.

* * * * *

(g) For the purpose of paragraph (a)(2) of this section, rural areas means any
area that is not located within a city, town, or incorporated area that has a
population of greater than 20,000 inhabitants or within an urbanized area
contiguous and adjacent to a city or town that has a population of greater than
50,000 inhabitants. For the purpose of the definition of rural area,

(1) The population figure is obtained from the most recent decennial Census of
the United States (decennial Census). If the applicable population figure cannot
be obtained from the most recent decennial Census, RD will determine the
applicable population figure based on available population data; and

(2) An urbanized area means a densely populated territory as defined in the most
recent decennial Census.
Part 1737 Pre Loan Policies and Procedures Common to Insured and Guaranteed
Telecommunications Loans

11. The authority citation for part 1737 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

7 U.S.C. 901 et seq., 1921 et seq.; Pub. L. 103-354, 108 Stat. 3178 (7 U.S.C.
6941 et.seq.).

12. In § 1737.2, revise the definition of "Rural area" to read as follows:
§ 1737.2 Definitions.

* * * * *

Rural area means any area of the United States, its territories and possessions
(including any area within the Federated States of Micronesia, the Republic of
the Marshall Islands, and the Republic of Palau) not included within the
boundaries of any incorporated or unincorporated city, village or borough having
a population exceeding 5,000 inhabitants. The population figure is obtained from
the most recent decennial Census of the United States. If the applicable
population figure cannot be obtained from the most recent decennial Census, RD
will determine the applicable population figure based on available population
data. For purposes of the "rural area" definition, the character of an area is
determined as of a time the initial loan for the system is made.

* * * * *
Part 1738 Rural Broadband Access Loans and Loan Guarantees

13. The authority citation for part 1738 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

Pub. L. 107-171, 7 U.S.C. 901 et seq.
Subpart A--General

14. In § 1738.2(a), revise the definition of "Rural area" to read as follows:
§ 1738.2 Definitions.

(a) * * *

Rural area means any area, as confirmed by the most recent decennial Census of
the United States (decennial Census), which is not located within:

(i) A city, town, or incorporated area that has a population of greater than
20,000 inhabitants; or

(ii) An urbanized area contiguous and adjacent to a city or town that has a
population of greater than 50,000inhabitants. For purposes of the definition of
rural area, an urbanized area means a densely populated territory as defined in
the most recent decennial Census.

* * * * *
Part 1739 Broadband Grant Program

15. The authority citation for part 1739 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

Title III, Pub. L. 108-199, 118 Stat. 3.

16. In § 1739.3, revise the definition of "Rural area" to read as follows:
§ 1739.3 Definitions.

* * * * *

Rural area means any area, as confirmed by the most recent decennial Census of
the United States (decennial Census), which is not located within:

(1) A city, town, or incorporated area that has a population of greater than
20,000 inhabitants; or

(2) An urbanized area contiguous and adjacent to a city or town that has a
population of greater than 50,000 inhabitants. For purposes of the definition of
rural area, an urbanized area means a densely populated territory as defined in
the most recent decennial Census.

* * * * *
Part 1740 Public Television Station Digital Transition Grant Program

17. The authority citation for part 1740 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2005; Title III: Rural Development Programs;
Rural Utilities Service; Distance Learning, Telemedicine, and Broadband Program;
Pub. L. 108-447.
Subpart A--Public Televsion Station Digital Transition Grant Program
§ 1740.8
[Amended]

18. Amend § 1740.8 by:

a. In paragraph (b)(1)(i), removing "http://www.fcc.gov/fcc-bin/audio/tvq.html"
and removing ", overlaid on a Census Tiger Map. The map also shows counties
covered" and

b. In paragraph (c)(1), removing the last sentence.
Part 1774 Special Evaluation Assistance for Rural Communities and Households
Program

19. The authority citation for part 1774 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

7 U.S.C. 1926(a)(2)(C).
Subpart A--General Provisions

20. In § 1774.2, revise the definitions of "Financially distressed area" and
"Rural area" to read as follows:
§ 1774.2 Definitions.

* * * * *

Financially distressed area. An area is considered financially distressed if the
median household income of the area to be served is either below the poverty
line or below 80 percent of the statewide non-metropolitan median household
income according to the 5-year income data from the American Community Survey
(ACS) or, if needed, other Census Bureau data. If there is reason to believe
that the ACS or other Census Bureau data does not accurately represent the
median household income of the area to be served, the reasons will be documented
and the borrower may furnish, or RD may obtain, additional information regarding
such median household income data. Information must consist of reliable data
from local, regional, State or Federal sources or from a survey conducted by a
reliable impartial source.

* * * * *

Rural area. For the purposes of this SEARCH program, any area not in a city or
town with a population of 2,500 or fewer, according to the most recent decennial
Census of the United States (decennial Census). If the applicable population
figure cannot be obtained from the most recent decennial Census, RD will
determine the applicable population figure based on available population data.

* * * * *
Part 1775 Technical Assistance Grants

21. The authority citation for part 1775 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 16 U.S.C. 1005.
Subpart A--General Provisions

22. In § 1775.2, revise the definition of "Rural area" to read as follows:
§ 1775.2 Definitions.

* * * * *

Rural area. Any area not in a city or town with a population in excess of
10,000, according to the most recent decennial Census of the United States. If
the applicable population figure cannot be obtained from the most recent
decennial Census, RD will determine the applicable population figure based on
available population data.

* * * * *
Part 1776 Household Water Well System Grant Program

23. The authority citation for part 1776 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

7 U.S.C. 1926e.
Subpart A--General

24. In § 1776.3, revise the definition of "Eligible individual" to read as
follows:
§ 1776.3 Definitions.

* * * * *

Eligible individual means an individual who is a member of a household the
members of which have a combined income (for the most recent 12-month period for
which the information is available) that is not more than 100 percent of the
median nonmetropolitan household income for the State or territory in which the
individual resides, according to 5-year income data from the American Community
Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other Census Bureau data. If there is reason to
believe that the ACS or other Census Bureau data does not accurately represent
the median nonmetropolitan household income for the State or territory in which
the individual resides, the reasons will be documented and the applicant may
furnish, or RD may obtain, additional information regarding such median
household income data. Information must consist of reliable data from local,
regional, State or Federal sources or from a survey conducted by a reliable
impartial source.

* * * * *
Part 1777 Section 306c Wwd Loans and Grants

25. The authority citation for part 1777 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 16 U.S.C. 1005.

26. In § 1777.4, revise the definition of "Rural areas" to read as follows:
§ 1777.4 Definitions.

* * * * *

Rural areas. Includes unincorporated areas and any city or town with a
population not in excess of 10,000 inhabitants located in any of the 50 States,
the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the Western Pacific Territories, Marshall
Islands, Federated States of Micronesia, Republic of Palau, and the U.S. Virgin
Islands. The population figure is obtained from the most recent decennial Census
of the United States. If the applicable population figure cannot be obtained
from the most recent decennial Census, RD will determinethe applicable
population figure based on available population data.

* * * * *

27. Revise § 1777.12(a)(1) to read as follows:
§ 1777.12 Eligibility.

(a) * * *

(1) Per capita income of the residents is not more than 70 percent of the most
recent national average per capita income, as determined by 5-year income data
from the American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other Census Bureau
data. If there is reason to believe that the ACS or other Census Bureau data
does not accurately represent the per capita income of the residents, the
reasons will be documented and the borrower/applicant may furnish, or RD may
obtain, additional information regarding such per capita income data.
Information must consist of reliable data from local, regional, State or Federal
sources or from a survey conducted by a reliable impartial source, and

* * * * *
Part 1778 Emergency and Imminent Community Water Assistance Grants

28. The authority citation for part 1778 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301, 7 U.S.C. 1989; 16 U.S.C. 1005.

29. In § 1778.4, revise the definition of "Rural areas" to read as follows:
§ 1778.4 Definitions.

* * * * *

Rural areas. Includes any area not in a city or town with a population in excess
of 10,000 inhabitants located in any of the fifty States, the Commonwealth of
Puerto Rico, the Western Pacific Territories, Marshall Islands, Federated States
of Micronesia, Republic of Palau, and the U.S. Virgin Islands. The population
figure is obtained from the most recent decennial Census of the United States
(decennial Census). If the applicable population figure cannot be obtained from
the most recent decennial Census, RD will determine the applicable population
figure based on available population data.

* * * * *

30. Revise § 1778.10(a)(1) and (2) to read as follows:
§ 1778.10 Restrictions.

(a) * * *

(1) Assist any city or town with a population in excess of 10,000 inhabitants.
The population figure is obtained from the most recent decennial Census. If the
applicable population figure cannot be obtained from the most recent decennial
Census, RD will determine the applicable population figure based on available
population data. Facilities financed by RUS may be located in non-rural areas.
However, loan and grant funds may be used to finance only that portion of the
facility serving rural areas, regardless of facility location.

(2) Assist a rural area that has a median household income in excess of the
statewide nonmetropolitan median household income as determined by 5-year income
data from the American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other Census Bureau
data. If there is reason to believe that the ACS or other Census Bureau data
does not accurately represent the median household income of the rural area, the
reasons will be documented and the applicant may furnish, or RD may obtain,
additional information regarding such median household income data. Information
must consist of reliable data from local, regional, State or Federal sources or
from a survey conducted by a reliable impartial source.

* * * * *
§ 1778.13 [Amended]

31. Amend § 1778.13(b) by removing "decennial census of the United States" and
adding "decennical Census" in its place.
Part 1779 Water and Waste Disposal Programs Guaranteed Loans

32. The authority citation for part 1779 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 16 U.S.C. 1005.

33. In § 1779.2, revise the definition of "Rural and rural area" to read as
follows:
§ 1779.2 Definitions.

* * * * *

Rural and rural area. Any area not in a city or town with a population in excess
of 10,000 inhabitants. The population figure is obtained from the most recent
decennial Census of the United States (decennial Census). If the applicable
population figure cannot be obtained from the most recent decennial Census, RD
will determine the applicable population figure based on available population
data.

* * * * *
Part 1780 Water and Waste Loans and Grants

34. The authority citation for part 1780 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 16 U.S.C. 1005.
Subpart A--General Policies and Requirements

35. Revise the second, third, and fourth sentences of § 1780.1(b) to read as
follows:
§ 1780.1 General.

* * * * *

(b) * * * The median household income of the service area and the
nonmetropolitan median household income of the State will be determined from
income data from 5-year income data from the American Community Survey (ACS) or,
if needed, other Census Bureau data. If there is reason to believe that the ACS
or other Census Bureau data does not accurately represent the median household
income within the area to be served, the reasons will be documented and the
applicant may furnish, or RD may obtain, additional information regarding such
median household income data. Information must consist of reliable data from
local, regional, State or Federal sources or from a survey conducted by a
reliable impartial source. * * *

36. In § 1780.3, revise the definition of "Rural and rural areas" to read as
follows:
§ 1780.3 Definitions and grammatical rules of construction.

* * * * *

Rural and rural areas means any area not in a city or town with a population in
excess of 10,000 inhabitants. The population figure is obtained from the most
recent decennial Census of the United States (decennial Census). If the
applicable population figure cannot be obtained from the most recent decennial
Census, RD will determine the applicable population figure based on available
population data.

* * * * *

37. Revise § 1780.18(c)(2)(ii) to read as follows:
§ 1780.18 Allocation of program funds.

* * * * *

(c) * * *

(2) * * *

(ii) The data sources for each criterion identified in paragraph (c)(2) of this
section are specified in paragraphs (c)(2)(ii)(A) through (C) of this section.
Each criterion is assigned a specific weight according to its relevance in
determining need. The percentage representing each criterion is multiplied by
the weight factor and summed to arrive at a State factor (SF). The SF cannot
exceed 0.05, as follows:

SF = (criterion in paragraph (b)(2)(i)(A) of this section × 50 percent) +
(criterion in paragraph (b)(2)(i)(B) × 25 percent) + (criterion in paragraph
(b)(2)(i)(C) of this section × 25 percent)

(A) For the criterion specified in paragraph (b)(2)(i)(A) of this section, the
most recent decennial Census data.

(B) For the criterion specified in paragraph (b)(2)(i)(B) of this section,
5-year income data from the American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other
Census Bureau data.

(C) For the criterion specified in paragraph (b)(2)(i)(C) of this section, the
most recent Bureau of Labor Statistics data.

* * * * *
Subpart B--Loan and Grant Application Processing

38. Revise § 1780.49(b)(2) to read as follows:
§ 1780.49 Rural or Native Alaskan villages.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(2) Rural or Native Alaskan village. A rural or Native Alaskan community which
meets the definition of a village under State statutes and does not have a
population in excess of 10,000 inhabitants according to the most recent
decennial Census.

* * * * *
Part 1781 Resource Conservation and Development Rcd Loans and Watershed Ws Loans
and Advances

39. The authority citation for part 1781 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 16 U.S.C. 1005.
§ 1781.2 [Amended]

40. Amend the first sentence of § 1781.2(a) by removing ", successor to the
Farmers's Home Administration" in the first sentence.
Part 1783 Revolving Funds for Financing Water and Wastewater Projects Revolving
Fund Program

41. The authority citation for part 1783 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

7 U.S.C. 1926 (a)(2)(B).
Subpart A--General

42. In § 1783.3, revise the definition of "Rural and rural area" to read as
follows:
§ 1783.3 What definitions are used in this regulation?

* * * * *

Rural and rural area means a city, town or unincorporated area that has a
population of no more than 10,000 inhabitants. The population figure is obtained
from the most recent decennial Census of the United States (decennial Census).
If the applicable population figure cannot be obtained from the most recent
decennial Census, RD will determine the applicable population figure based on
available population data.

* * * * *
CHAPTER XVIII--RURAL HOUSING SERVICE, RURAL BUSINESS-COOPERATIVE SERVICE, RURAL
UTILITIES SERVICE, AND FARM SERVICE AGENCY, DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE
Part 1806 Insurance

43. The authority citation for part 1806 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 42 U.S.C. 1480.
Subpart A--Real Property Insurance
§ 1806.1
[Amended]

44. Amend § 1806.1 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "Rural Housing Service (RHS). Any references
herein to the Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its employees are intended
to mean FSA or RHS, as applicable, and their employees." and adding "Rural
Housing Service (RHS), herein referred to as the "Agency." in its place;

b. In paragraphs (b) and (d), removing "the FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

c. In paragraph (e), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing
"interest of the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "interest of RD" in its place.
§ 1806.2 [Amended]

45. Amend § 1806.2 by:

a. In paragraph (b)(5)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (b)(6) introductory text and (b)(6)(i), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

c. In paragraphs (b)(9) and (b)(10) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "the
Agency" in their place;

d. In paragraph (b)(11) introductory text:

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 has" and
adding "the Agency has" in its place; and

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "the Agency will" in its place;

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

d. In paragraph (b)(11)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place;

e. In paragraph (b)(11)(iii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 is" and adding "the Agency is" in its place and removing
"Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form
RD" in its place;

f. In paragraph (b)(11)(iv) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "The Agency" in its place;

g. In paragraph (b)(11)(iv)(A), removing "United States of America (Farmers Home
Administration or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354)" and adding
"United States of America (Rural Development)" in its place and removing "naming
FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "naming the
Agency" in its place;

h. In paragraph (b)(11)(iv)(B), removing "United States of America (Farmers Home
Administration or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354)" and adding
"United States of America (Rural Development)" in its place and removing "by
FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "by the
Agency" in its place;

i. In paragraph (b)(11)(iv)(C), removing "the Farmers Home Admnistration or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place;

j. In paragraph (c), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing
"in which the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"in which the Agency" in its place;

k. In paragraph (d)(1) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

l. In paragraph (d)(1)(iii)(B), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "the" in its place;

m. In paragraph (d)(2), removing "against the FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "against the Agency" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 mortgage" and adding
"Agency mortgage" in its place; and

n. In paragraph (e), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 loan" and adding "Agency loan" in its place and removing "for FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loans" and adding "for the Agency
loans" in its place.
§ 1806.3 [Amended]

46. Amend § 1806.3 by:

a. In paragraphs (a)(1), (b), and (c)(1)(v), removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Agency" in their
place;

b. In paragraph (c)(1)(vii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Agency" in their place; and

c. In paragraph (c)(1)(viii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Agency" in their place.
§ 1806.4 [Amended]

47. Amend § 1806.4 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(2)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in their place;

b. In paragraph (a)(4), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

c. In paragraph (b)(1), removing "upon demand to FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "upon demand to the Agency" in its place
and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

d. In paragraph (b)(2)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "the Agency" in their place.
§ 1806.5 [Amended]

48. Amend § 1806.5 by:

a. In paragraphs (a) introductory text and (i)(2)(ii), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(1), removing "the FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 " and adding "the Agency" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 was" and adding "the Agency was" in its place;

d. In paragraphs (a)(2), (b)(1), and (b)(2) introductory text, removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 " and adding "Agency" in its
place;

e. In paragraph (b)(2)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354's" and adding "the Agency's" in its place and removing "jointly to
the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "jointly
to the Agency" in its place;

f. In paragraph (c)(1)(iii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place;

g. In paragraphs (c)(1)(iv) and (e)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

h. In paragraph (g) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Agency" in its place;

i. In paragraphs (g)(2) and (h), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 " and adding "Agency" in its place; and

j. In paragraph (i)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 official" and adding "Agency official" in its place and removing
"whether FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"whether the Agency" in its place.
§ 1806.6 [Amended]

49. Amend § 1806.6 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "the Agency" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(1) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(1)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

d. In paragraph (a)(1)(iii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Agency" in their place;

e. In paragraph (a)(1)(v), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 account" and adding
"Agency account" in its place;

f. In paragraph (a)(1)(vii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

g. In paragraph (c)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 as mortgagee" and adding "Agency as mortgagee" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction" and adding
"RD Instruction" in its place; and

h. In paragraph (c)(3), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "from the FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "from the Agency" in
its place.
Subpart B--National Flood Insurance
§ 1806.21
[Amended]

50. Amend § 1806.21(a) by removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development and
Farm Service Agency, herein referred to as the "Agency"," in its place.
§ 1806.22 [Amended]

51. Amend § 1806.22 by:

a. In the paragraph heading of paragraph (b), removing "Farmers Home
Administration or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "The
Agency" in its place; and

b. In the first sentence of paragraph (b), removing "the FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 National Office" and adding "the National
Office" in its place.
§ 1806.23 [Amended]

52. Amend § 1806.23(a) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place.
§ 1806.25 [Amended]

53. Amend § 1806.25 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "The Agency" in its place and

b. In paragraph (c)(4), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place.
Part 1810 Interest Rates Terms Conditions and Approval Authority

54. The authority citation for part 1810 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

7 U.S.C. 1989; 14 U.S.C. 1480; 7 CFR 2.23; 7 CFR 2.70.
Subpart A--Interest Rates, Amortization, Guarantee Fee, Annual Charge, and Fixed
Period
§ 1810.1
[Amended]

55. Amend § 1810.1 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the Agency (Rural Business-Cooperative Service and Rural
Housing Service of the U.S. Department of Agriculture)" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (b), removing "Farmers Home Administration or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "U.S. Department of Agriculture" in
its place.
§ 1810.2 [Amended]

56. Amend § 1810.2(b) and (c) by removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "the Agency" in their place.
Part 1822 Rural Housing Loans and Grants

57. The authority citation for part 1822 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

42 U.S.C. 1480; 5 U.S.C. 301; 7 CFR 2.23; 7 CFR 2.70.
Subpart G--Rural Housing Site Loan Policies, Procedures, and Authorizations
§ 1822.261
[Amended]

58. Amend § 1822.261 by removing "assistance to FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development (RD)" in its place and
removing "with an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
employee" and adding "with an RD employee" in its place.
§ 1822.264 [Amended]

59. Amend § 1822.264(b) by removing "The Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RHS" in its place.
§ 1822.265 [Amended]

60. Amend § 1822.265(a) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354".
§ 1822.266 [Amended]

61. Amend § 1822.266(e)(4) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1822.267 [Amended]

62. Amend § 1822.267 by:

a. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

b. In paragraph (d), removing "using a form entitled, "((Rural Housing Site)
Loan to Nonprofit Corporation)" available at all FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 offices";

c. In paragraph (e), removing ", and certain information in a guide entitled
"Planning and Developing Building Sites" available at all FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 offices";

d. In paragraph (h), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

e. In paragraph (i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

f. In paragraph (k)(2), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

g. In paragraph (l)(2) introductory text, removing "Form FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

h. In paragraph (l)(2)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

i. In paragraph (l)(4), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

j. In paragraph (l)(5), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "The government's" in its place.
§ 1822.268 [Amended]

63. Amend § 1822.268(a) by:

a. Removing "charged by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "charged by Rural Development" in its place;

b. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

c. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "RD office" in its place.
§ 1822.270 [Amended]

64. Amend § 1822.270(a) introductory text by removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 loan" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1822.271 [Amended]

65. Amend § 1822.271 by:

a. In paragraph (b)(3)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place and

b. In paragraph (e), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs in the column labeled "Form No." and adding "RD" in
its place.
§ 1822.274 [Amended]

66. Amend § 1822.274 by:

a. In paragraph (b) first sentence, removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 1927-1 (state), Real Estate Mortgage -for ___," will"
and adding "Form RD 3550-14, "Real Estate Mortgage or Deed of Trust for
(state)," will" in its place and in the first paragraph of the quoted material
in the third sentence by removing "basis for the FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "basis for Rural Development" in its place;
and

b. In paragraph (c)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1822.275 [Amended]

67. Amend § 1822.275(a) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1822.278 [Amended]

68. Amend § 1822.278(g) by:

a. In the first sentence, removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 1927-1 (state), Real Estate ___for___(Direct Loan)," will"
and adding "Form RD 3550-14, "Real Estate Mortgage or Deed of Trust for
(state)," will" in its place; and

b. In the first paragraph of the quoted material in the third sentence, removing
"basis for the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"basis for Rural Development" in its place.
Part 1900 General

69. The authority citation for part 1900 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 7 U.S.C. 6991, et seq.; 42 U.S.C. 1480;
Reorganization Plan No. 2 of 1953 (5 U.S.C. App.).
§ 1900.1 [Amended]

70. Amend § 1900.1 by:

a. Removing "the Farmers Home Administration or its successor Agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

b. Adding "This subpart is inapplicable to Farm Service Agency, Farm Loan
Programs." at the end of the section.
§ 1900.2 [Amended]

71. Amend § 1900.2 introductory text and paragraph (g) by removing "the Farmers
Home Administration or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever
it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1900.3 [Amended]

72. Amend § 1900.3 by removing "the Farmers Home Administration or its successor
Agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural
Development" in its place.
§ 1900.5 [Amended]

73. Amend § 1900.5 by removing "the FmHA or its successor Agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1900.6 [Amended]

74. Amend § 1900.6(a) and (b) by removing "Farmers Home Administration or its
successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place.
§ 1900.7 [Amended]

75. Amend § 1900.7 by removing "Administrator of the Farmers Home Administration
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Under Secretary
for Rural Development" in its place.
Subpart C--Applicability of Federal Law
§ 1900.101
[Amended]

76. Amend § 1900.101 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "Agency" and adding "Rural Development" in
its place;

b. In paragraph (a), removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its
successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place; and

c. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1900.102 [Amended]

77. Amend § 1900.102 by removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law
103-354" and "Farmers Home Administration or its successor Agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever they occur and adding "Rural Development" in their place.
Subpart D--Processing and Servicing Rural Development Assistance to Employees,
Relatives, and Associates

78. Revise the heading of Subpart D to read as set forth above.

79. Revise § 1900.151(a) introductory text and (b) to read as follows:
§ 1900.151 General.

(a) The Standards of Ethical Conduct for Employees of the Executive Branch
requires the maintenance of high standards of honesty, integrity, and
impartiality by employees. To reduce the potential for employee conflict of
interest, any processing, approval, servicing or review activity, including
access through automated information systems, is conducted only by authorized
Rural Development employees who:

* * * * *

(b) No provision of this subpart takes precedence over individual program
requirements or restrictions relating to eligibility for Rural Development
assistance to Rural Development employees, members of families of employees,
close relatives, or business or close personal associates of employees.

* * * * *
§ 1900.152 [Amended]

80. Amend § 1900.152 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"Rural Development" wherever it occurs in its place in the following
definitions:

i. `Applicant or borrower';

ii. `Assistance';

iii. `Employee'; and

iv. `Recipient'; and

b. Removing "an FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "a Rural Development" in its place in the definition of `Conflict of
Interest'.

81. Revise § 1900.153 to read as follows:
§ 1900.153 Identifying and reporting an employee relationship.

(a) Responsibility of applicant. When an application for assistance is filed,
the processing official asks if there is any known relationship or association
with a Rural Development employee. The applicant is required to disclose the
requested information under pertinent program regulations.

(b) Responsibility of the Rural Development employee. A Rural Development
employee who knows he or she is related to or associated with an applicant or
recipient, regardless of whether the relationship or association is known to
others, is required to notify the Rural Development official who is processing
or servicing the assistance, in writing. RD Guide Letter 1900-D-1 (available in
any RD office) may be used as the notice. If the appropriate official is not
known, the State Director should be notified. Regardless of whether the
relationship or association is defined in § 1900.152, if the employee believes
there may be a potential conflict of interest, the Rural Development official
who is processing or servicing the assistance may be notified and special
handling requested. An employee's request that the case receive special handling
is usually honored.

(c) Responsibility of the Rural Development official. When any relationship or
association is identified, the Rural Development official completes and submits
RD Guide Letter 1900-D-2 to the State Director (or Administrator, under
paragraph (e) of this section or § 1900.155(a)). When completed, RD Guide Letter
1900-D-3 is returned by the State Director, the processing official;

(d) Relationship or association established after application for Rural
Development assistance. If a relationship or association is established after an
application has been filed or assistance has been provided, both recipient and
employee are required to notify the Rural Development official as described in
paragraphs (a) and (b) of this section.

(e) Relationship or association with a State Office, Finance Office or National
Office employee. If an identified relationship or association is with an
employee at a State Office (other than a State Director), Finance Office or
National Office, the processing/servicing official completes and submits RD
Guide Letter 1900-D-2 to the State Director in the normal manner. The State
Director reviews the information, determines the need for special handling,
designates the processing/servicing official, completes and submits RD Guide
Letter 1900-D-3 to the Administrator for written concurrence. When the
Administrator's concurrence is received, the State Director returns completed RD
Guide Letter 1900-D-3 to the original official who completes the action
described in paragraph (c) of this section.

(f) Relationship or association with a State Director. If an identified
relationship or association is with a State Director, the processing/servicing
official completes and submits RD Guide Letter 1900-D-2 to the Administrator.
The Administrator reviews, determines the need for special handling, designates
the processing/servicing official, completes and returns RD Guide Letter
1900-D-3 to the original official who completes the action described in
paragraph (c) of this section.

(g) Change in relationship or association, status of Rural Development
assistance, or employee's duty station. If the relationship orassociation has
changed, the application denied or the assistance otherwise terminated, or Rural
Development employee's duty station changed, the designated processing/servicing
official completes RD Guide Letter 1900-D-2 with the new information and submits
it. The review process takes place as described in paragraphs (a) through (e) of
this section to determine if processing/servicing activity may return to normal
or requires another change. If the assistance is denied or otherwise terminated,
the designated official notifies the original official.
§ 1900.155 [Amended]

82. Amend § 1900.155(a) by removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1900.156 [Amended]

83. Amend § 1900.156(g) by removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
Part 1901 Program Related Instructions

84. The authority citation for part 1901 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 42 U.S.C. 1480.
Subpart K--Certificates of Beneficial Ownership and Insured Notes
§ 1901.501
[Amended]

85. Amend § 1901.501 by removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its
successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place.

86. Revise § 1901.503(a)(2) through (a)(7), (a)(9), (a)(10), (a)(12), (a)(13),
(a)(15) through (a)(17), (a)(19), and (b)(1) through (b)(6) to read as follows:
§ 1901.503 Definitions.

(a) * * *

(2) Certificate. A certificate of beneficial ownership issued by Rural
Development under this subpart.

(3) Director, Finance Office. The Director or the Insured Loan Officer of the
Finance Office of Rural Development.

(4) Rural Development. The United States acting through the Rural Housing
Service, the Rural Utilities Service, or the Rural Business-Cooperative Service
or their successor agencies.

(5) Finance Office. The office which maintains the Rural Development finance
records. It is located at 1520 Market Street, St. Louis, Missouri 63103. (Phone:
314-425-4400)

(6) Fixed period. Any time interval (preceding an option period) during which
the insured holder is not entitled to require Rural Development to purchase the
insured note, as specified in the insurance agreement.

(7) Insurance agreement. The entire contract evidencing and setting forth the
terms and conditions of Rural Development insurance of the payment for the
insured note. The insurance agreement with respect to any particular loan may be
evidenced by Form RD 440-5, "Insurance Endorsement (Insured Loan)," RD 440-30,
"Insurance Endorsement (Insure Loans)," or any other form or forms prescribed by
the National Office and executed by an authorized official of Rural Development.
It may include such provisions as, for example, an agreement of Rural
Development to purchase or repurchase the loan, or to make supplementary
payments from the insurance fund.

* * * * *

(9) Insured holder. The current owner of an insured note other than Rural
Development, according to the records of Rural Development as insurer of the
note.

(10) Insured note. Any promissory note or bond evidencing an insured loan
regardless of whether it is held by Rural Development in the insurance fund, by
a private holder, or by Rural Development as trustee.

* * * * *

(12) National Office. The Administrator or other authorized officer of Rural
Development in Washington, DC.

(13) Option period. Any period during which the insured holder has the optional
right to require Rural Development to purchase the insured note, as specified in
the insurance agreement.

* * * * *

(15) Private buyer. A buyer of an insured note other than Rural Development.

(16) Private holder. An insured holder other than Rural Development.

(17) Repurchase agreement. A provision in the insurance agreement obligating
Rural Development to buy the insured note at the option of the holders.

* * * * *

(19) State Director. The State Director of Rural Development for the State in
which is located the real estate improved, purchased, or refinanced with the
loan evidenced by the insured note.

(b) * * *

(1) Reserve bank. The Federal Reserve Bank of New York (and any other Federal
Reserve Bank which agrees to issue securities in book-entry form) as fiscal
agent of the United States acting on behalf of Rural Development and, when
indicated, acting in its individual capacity.

(2) Rural Development security. A certificate representing beneficial ownership
of notes, bonds, debentures, or other similar obligations held by Rural
Development under the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act and title V of
the Housing Act of 1949, issued in the form of a definitive Rural Development
security or a book-entry Rural Development security.

(3) Definitive Rural Development security. A Rural Development security in
engraved on printed form.

(4) Book-entry Rural Development security. A Rural Development security in the
form of an entry made as prescribed in this subpart on the records of a Reserve
bank.

(5) Pledge. A pledge of, or any other security interest in, Rural Development
securities as collateral for loans or advances, or to secure deposits of public
moneys or the performance of an obligation.

(6) Date of call. The date fixed in the official notice of call published in
theFederal Registeron which Rural Development will make payment of the security
before maturity in accordance with its terms.

* * * * *
§ 1901.504 [Amended]

87. Amend § 1901.504 by removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law
103-354 financing" and adding "Rural Development financing" in its place and by
removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354's fiscal agents"
and adding "Rural Development's fiscal agents" in its place.
§ 1901.505 [Amended]

88. Amend § 1901.505 section heading and paragraphs (a)(1), (a)(2), and (b) by
removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1901.506 [Amended]

89. Amend § 1901.506 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" each time it
appears and adding "Rural Development" in the following places:

i. The section heading;

ii. Paragraphs (a)(1), (a)(2), (a)(3);

iii. Paragraphs (b)(1) introductory text, (b)(2), (b)(3), (b)(4), (b)(5);

iv. Paragraphs (c)(1) introductory text, (c)(1)(i), (c)(1)(iv), (c)(2), (c)(3),
(c)(4), (c)(5);

v. Paragraphs (d) paragraph heading, (d)(1), (d)(2);

vi. Paragraph (e) paragraph heading and text;

vii. Paragraph (f)(1);

viii. Paragraph (g) paragraph heading and text;

ix. Paragraph (h)(1); and

b. In paragraph (f)(2), removing "the Farmers Homes Administration or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and "Farmers Homes Administration or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in
their place.

90. Amend § 1901.507 by:

a. Revising the section heading to read as set forth below;

b. In paragraphs (b)(1) and (b)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (c)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

d. In paragraph (d)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

e. Removing in paragraph (d)(2) "Farmers Home Administration or its successor
Agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

f. In paragraph (d)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

g. Revising paragraph (e) to read as follows:
§ 1901.507 Certificates of beneficial ownership by the Rural Development Finance
Office.

* * * * *

(e) Assignments. Assignments of certificates should be executed by the owner or
the owner's authorized representative in the presence of an officer authorized
to certify assignments. Registered certificates may be assigned to a specified
transferee or to Rural Development for redemption or for exchange for other
certificates offered at maturity. Assignments to "United States, Rural
Development," "Farmers Home Administration for Transfer," or "Rural Development
for Exchange" will not be accepted unless supplemented by specific instructions
by or in behalf of the owner. If an alteration or erasure has been made in an
assignment, a new assignment from the assignor should be obtained. Otherwise, an
affidavit or explanation by the person responsible for the alteration or erasure
should be submitted for consideration.

* * * * *
§ 1901.508 [Amended]

91. Amend § 1901.508 by:

a. In the introductory text and in paragraphs (a)(1) through (a)(4), removing
"FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and
adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b)(1)(i), removing "Form FmHA or its successor Agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

c. In paragraph (b)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law
103-354 is requested" and adding "Rural Development is requested" in its place
and removing "Form FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

d. In paragraph (b)(3), removing "Form FmHA or its successor Agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "made to FmHA or its
successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "made to Rural
Development" in its place;

e. In paragraph (b)(4):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "records of FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "records of Rural Development" in its place; and

iii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

f. In paragraph (b)(5):

i. Removing "by FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever
it occurs and adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "However, FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "However, Rural Development" in its place; and

g. In the heading to paragraph (c) and in paragraphs (c)(1) introductory text,
(c)(2), and (d), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1901.509 [Amended]

92. Amend § 1901.509 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law
103-354's" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (b) introductory text, (b)(1) introductory text, and
(b)(1)(iii), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (b)(5):

i. Removing "and FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "and Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "to FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "to Rural Development" in its place; and

iii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place; and

d. In paragraph (b)(6), removing "the Farmers Home Administration or its
successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place; and

e. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
Part 1902 Supervised Bank Accounts

93. The authority citation for part 1902 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 7 U.S.C. 6991, et seq.; 42 U.S.C. 1480;
Reorganization Plan No. 2 of 1953 (5 U.S.C. App.).
Subpart A--Supervised Bank Accounts of Loan, Grant, and Other Funds
§ 1902.1
[Amended]

94. Amend § 1902.1 introductory text by adding at the end of the section "This
subpart is inapplicable to Farm Service Agency, Farm Loan Programs."
§ 1902.4 [Amended]

95. Amend § 1902.4 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "government" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (b)(2):

i. Removing "the FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "Rural Development will" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1902.9 [Amended]

96. Amend § 1902.9 in the heading of paragraph (a) by removing "FmHA or its
successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place.
§ 1902.10 [Amended]

97. Amend § 1902.10 by:

a. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (c), removing "Form FmHA or its successor Agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1902.15 [Amended]

98. Amend § 1902.15 by:

a. In the introductory text:

i. Removing "When FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "When Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354's" and
adding "Rural Development's" in its place.

b. In paragraphs (a) and (c)(1)(i) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its
successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place;

c. In paragraph(c)(1)(i)(B), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public
Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in their place;

d. In paragraph (c)(1)(i)(C), removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its
place;

e. In paragraph (c)(1)(ii):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354 indebtedness"
and adding "Rural Development indebtedness" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354 borrower"
and adding "Rural Development borrower" in its place; and

iii. Removing "the FmHA or its successor Agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

f. In paragraphs (c)(1)(iii) and (c)(2)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor
Agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1902.16 [Amended]

99. Amend § 1902.16 by:

a. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354s" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (d) by removing "of FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354's" and adding "due to Rural Development" in its place.
Part 1910 General

100. The authority citation for part 1910 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 42 U.S.C. 1480.
Subpart B--Credit Reports

100. Section 1910.51 is revised to read as follows:
§ 1910.51 Purpose.

This subpart prescribes the policies and procedures of Rural Development for
individual and joint type credit reports. Credit reports will be ordered to
determine the eligibility of applicants requesting Rural Development loans. A
nonrefundable fee will be charged the applicant. This subpart is inapplicable to
Farm Service Agency, Farm Loan Programs.
Subpart C--Commercial Credit Reports

101. Revise the first sentence of § 1910.101 to read as follows:
§ 1910.101 Preface.

This subpart (§§ 1910.101 through 1910.150) describes the procedure to be used
by Rural Development in obtaining commercial credit reports. * * *
Part 1924 Construction and Repair

102. The authority citation for part 1924 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 42 U.S.C. 1480.
Subpart A--Planning and Performing Construction and Other Development
§ 1924.1 [Amended]

103. Amend § 1924.1 by removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place.
§§ 1924.3, 1924.4, 1924.5, 1924.6, 1924.8, 1924.9, 1924.10, and 1924.13
[Amended]

102. Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and add "Agency" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1924.3;

b. Section 1924.4(d), (f), and (p);

c. Section 1924.5(d)(1) introductory text wherever it occurs, (d)(1)(iv),
(d)(1)(v), (f)(1)(i), (f)(1)(iii)(C)(4), (f)(2)(iii), (f)(2)(xii) wherever it
occurs, (g)(3), and (i)(4);

d. Section 1924.6(a)(6), (a)(8), (a)(10)(ii) wherever it occurs, and
(a)(11)(iv);

e. Section 1924.8(e);

f. Section 1924.9(b)(7);

g. Section 1924.10(c)(1) wherever it occurs; and

h. Section 1924.13(a) introductory text, (a)(1), (a)(3), (a)(5)(i)(B) wherever
it occurs, (a)(5)(ii)(C), (a)(5)(vi), (b)(2)(v), (e)(1) introductory text
wherever it occurs, (e)(1)(iii)(B)(2), (e)(2)(i)(B), (e)(2)(ii)(A), and
(e)(2)(vii).
§§ 1924.5, 1924.6, 1924.9, 1924.10, 1924.11, 1924.12, and 1924.13 [Amended]

103. Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and add "RD" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1924.5(b) wherever it occurs, (f)(1)(iii)(F), (f)(2)(i), (g)(1)
introductory text, and (g)(2);

b. Section 1924.6(a)(10)(iv) wherever it occurs, (a)(11)(iii), (a)(12)(ii),
(a)(12)(iii) wherever it occurs, (a)(12)(v)(A), (a)(12)(vi)(C)(2)(i),
(a)(12)(vi)(C)(2)(ii), (b)(3)(i) wherever it occurs, (b)(3)(ii)(C), and
(b)(3)(ii)(G);

c. Section 1924.9(c) wherever it occurs;

d. Section 1924.10(a)(4), (c)(2)(i), and (c)(2)(ii);

e. Section 1924.11(c);

f. Section 1924.12(a), (d)(1), and (d)(2); and

g. Section 1924.13(e)(1)(ii) introductory text wherever it occurs and (e)(2)(x).

§§ 1924.4, 1924.5, 1924.6, 1924.9, and 1924.13 [Amended]

104. Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and add "the Agency" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1924.4(h)(1), (h)(8), and (n);

b. Section 1924.5(d)(1)(i)(E)(1), (f)(1)(ii), (f)(1)(iii)(C), (f)(2)
introductory text, (f)(2)(vii), and (f)(2)(viii);

c. Section 1924.6(a)(2)(vi), (a)(3)(iii)(B), (a)(3)(iv)(D), (a)(3)(iv)(F),
(a)(11)(iv) wherever it occurs, (a)(12)(v)(C) wherever it occurs,
(a)(12)(vi)(C)(1)(ii), and (b)(3)(ii)(F);

d. Section 1924.9(d) and (e); and

e. Section 1924.13(a)(5)(i)(F), (a)(5)(iii)(C), (b)(2) wherever it occurs,
(e)(1)(i)(D), (e)(1)(i)(E), (e)(1)(iii)(B)(3), (e)(1)(vi)(A) wherever it occurs,
(e)(1)(vii)(A)(4), (e)(1)(vii)(B)(3), (e)(2)(i)(D), (e)(2)(ii)(C),
(e)(2)(iii)(C), (e)(2)(ix)(A) wherever it occurs, and (e)(2)(ix)(B).
§ 1924.5 [Amended]

105. Amend § 1924.5 by:

a. In paragraph (d)(1)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (f) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354's" and adding "the Agency's" in its place;

c. In paragraph (f)(1)(iii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "The Agency" in its place;

d. In paragraph (f)(2)(iii):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 for" and
adding "Agency for" in its place;

ii. Removing "that FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will"
and adding "the Agency will" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

e. In paragraph (h) introductory text:

i. Removing "of FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "of the Agency" in its place; and

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 forms" and
adding "RD forms" in its place; and

f. in paragraph (i)(5), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "The Agency" in its place.
§ 1924.6 [Amended]

106. Amend § 1924.6 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(1), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "(including FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354)" and adding "(including the
Agency)" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(3)(ii), removing "(including FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354)" and adding "(including the Agency)" in its place and
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will be" and
adding "The Agency will be" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(3)(iii)(A):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 prior" and
adding "the Agency prior" in its place;

ii. Removing "the owner and FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the owner and the Agency" in its place;

iii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by the Agency" in its place; and

iv. Removing "all FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "all Agency" in its place.

d. In paragraph (a)(11)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 employee" and adding "Agency employee" in its place and removing
"Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form
RD" in its place;

e. In paragraph (a)(12)(v)(B), removing "provide FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "provide the Agency" in its place and
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 official"
wherever it occurs and adding "Agency official" in its place;

f. In paragraph (a)(12)(vi)(B):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loan" and
adding "Agency loan" in its place;

ii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever
it occurs and adding "by the Agency" in its place;

iii. Removing "of FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "of the Agency" in its place; and

iv. Removing "the owner and FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the owner and the Agency" in its place; and

g. In paragraph (a)(12)(vi)(C) introductory text:

i. Removing "the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loan" and
adding "Agency loan" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "the Agency will" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1924.9 [Amended]

107. Amend § 1924.9 by:

a. In paragraph (a):

i. Removing "Rural Development office" and adding "Agency office" in its place;

ii. Removing "RHS or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 inpections"
wherever it occurs and adding "Agency inspections" in its place; and

iii. Removing "RHS or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 has" and
adding "the Agency has" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (b)(2), removing "the FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place.
§ 1924.10 [Amended]

108. Amend § 1924.10(a)(3) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354's security" and adding "the Agency's security" in its place
and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 security"
and adding "Agency security" in its place.
§ 1924.12 [Amended]

109. Amend § 1924.12 by:

a. In paragraph (b):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "the owner and FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the owner and the Agency" in its place; and

iii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by the Agency" in its place;

b. In paragraph (c), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Agency office" in
its place; and

c. In paragraph (d)(4), removing "notifies FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "notifies the Agency" in its place and removing
"Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form
RD" in its place.
§ 1924.13 [Amended]

110. Amend § 1924.13 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(4)(iii), removing "The Farmers Home Administration or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "The Agency" in its place
and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Approval
Official" and adding "Agency Approval Official" in its place;

b. In paragraph (e)(1)(ii)(F):

i. Removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever
it occurs and adding "to the Agency" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
regulations" and adding "Agency regulations" in its place;

c. In paragraph (e)(1)(ii)(G), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 offices" and adding"Agency offices" in its place, and
removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever
it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

d. In paragraph (e)(1)(ii)(H), removing "The Farmers Home Administration or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "The Agency" in its place
and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Official"
and adding "Agency Official" in its place;

e. In paragraph (e)(1)(iv):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 with" and
adding "the Agency with" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 offices"
and adding "Agency offices" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 personnel"
and adding "Agency personnel" in its place;

f. In paragraph (e)(1)(v) introductory text:

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office"
wherever it occurs and adding "Agency office" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "the Agency will" in its place;

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 contractor"
and adding "Agency contractor" in its place;

v. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 contracts"
and adding "Agency contracts" in its place; and

vi. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 personnel"
and adding "Agency personnel" in its place;

g. In paragraph (e)(1)(v)(A), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "to FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "to the Agency" in its
place;

h. In paragraph (e)(1)(v)(B):

i. Removing "the owner and FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the owner and the Agency" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

iii. Removing "prior to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "prior to the Agency" in its place; and

iv. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by the Agency" in its place;

i. In paragraph (e)(1)(v)(C):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by the Agency" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Agency office" in its place;

j. In paragraph (e)(1)(v)(D), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 regulations" and adding "Agency
regulations" in its place;

k. In paragraph (e)(1)(v)(E):

i. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by the Agency" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 reserves"
and adding "The Agency reserves" in its place;

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

iv. Removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever
it occurs and adding "to the Agency" in its place;

l. In paragraph (e)(1)(v)(G):

i. Removing "Forms FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Forms RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 1944-31" and
adding "RD 1944-31" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office"
wherever it occurs and adding "Agency office" in its place;

m. In paragraph (e)(1)(v)(I):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Agency office" in its place;

n. In paragraph (e)(1)(vi) introductory text, removing "Form FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form
RD" in its place and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 as shown" and adding "the Agency as shown" in its place;

o. In paragraph (e)(2)(i)(G), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "by FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "by the Agency" in its
place;

p. In paragraph (e)(2)(i)(H), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "to FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "to the Agency" in its
place;

q. In paragraph (e)(2)(viii) introductory text:

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Agency office" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 contractor"
and adding "Agency contractor" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 contracts"
and adding "Agency contracts" in its place;

r. In paragraph (e)(2)(viii)(A):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 regulations"
and adding "Agency regulations" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 reserves"
and adding "The Agency reserves" in its place;

iv. Removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "to the Agency" in its place;

v. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354office" and
adding "Agency office" in its place; and

vi. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by the Agency" in its place;

s. In paragraph (e)(2)(viii)(B):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 must" and
adding "the Agency must" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by the Agency" in its place;

t. In paragraph (e)(2)(viii)(D):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Agency office" in its place; and

u. In paragraph (e)(2)(ix):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 District" and
adding "Agency District" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

iii. Removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "to the Agency" in its place;

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
Representative" and adding "Agency Representative" in its place; and

v. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 does not" and
adding "the Agency does not" in its place.
Exhibit B to Subpart A [Amended]

111. Amend Exhibit B to Subpart A of Part 1924 by:

a. In the introductory text:

i. Removing "of FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "of the Agency" in its place;

ii. Removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place; and

iii. Removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "an Agency" in its place;

b. In paragraph I.B, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

c. In paragraph III.B:

i. Removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "an Agency" in its place;

ii. Removing "local FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "local Agency" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

d. In paragraph IV, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place;

e. In paragraph V introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

f. In paragraph V.D introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place;

g. In paragraph V.E, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

h. In paragraph V.H, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

i. In paragraph V.J, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

j. In paragraph VI.A introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

k. In paragraph VI.A.3, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

l. In paragraph VII.C introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

m. In paragraph IX, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 will" and adding "The Agency will" in its place and removing "of the
FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "of the
Agency" in its place;

n. In paragraph X.B, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

o. In paragraph X.C, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

p. In Attachment 1 to Exhibit B by:

i. In the introductory text, removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place and
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"Agency" in its place;

ii. In paragraph A.10, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

iii. In paragraph B.4(c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "U.S. Department of Agriculture," in its place;

q. In Attachment 2 to Exhibit B by:

i. In the second introductory paragraph, removing "Farmers Home Administration
(FmHA) or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in
its place;

ii. In paragraph 2, removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "by the Agency" in its place;

iii. In paragraph 3, removing "local FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "local Agency" in its place;

iv. In paragraph 3, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

v. In paragraph 3, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Thermal" and adding "Agency Thermal" in its place;

vi. In paragraph 6 and the second undesginated concluding paragraph, removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 personnel" and adding "RD
personnel" in its place;

vii. In paragraph 6, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 State" and adding "Agency State" in its place; and

viii. In paragraph 6, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 inspection" and adding "RD inspection" in its place; and

r. In Attachment 5 to Exhibit B by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Agency" in its place.
Exhibit C to Subpart A [Amended]

112. Amend Exhibit C to Subpart A of Part 1924 by:

a. In paragraphs II.A introductory text and V.B introductory text, removing "any
FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and
adding "any Agency" in its place;

b. In paragraphs IV introductory text and IV.A introductory text, removing"Form
FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

c. In paragraph IV.A.1, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 form" and adding "RD form" in its place.
Exhibit D to Subpart A [Amended]

113. Amend Exhibit D to Subpart A of Part 1924 by removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding
"Agency" in its place in the following places:

a. Paragraph IV.A;

b. Paragraph IV.C.1.a;

c. Paragraph IV.C.1.b;

d. Paragraph IV.C.2.b; and

e. Paragraph V.A.
Exhibit H to Subpart A [Amended]

114. Amend Exhibit H to Subpart A of Part 1924 by:

a. In paragraph II, removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

b. In paragraph IV.B, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 requires" and adding "the Agency requires" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 County" and adding
"Agency County" in its place;

c. In paragraph IV.C, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 requires" and adding "the Agency requires" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 County" and adding
"Agency County" in its place;

d. In paragraph IV.D, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Agency" in its place; and

e. In paragraph IV.E, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place.
Exhibit I to Subpart A [Amended]

115. Amend Exhibit I to Subpart A of Part 1924 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "the Agency" in its place in the following places:

i. Paragraph 300-3; and

ii. Paragraph 302-2.5; and

b. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Agency" in its place in the following places:

i. Paragraph 302-2.3;

ii Paragraph 303-1.
Exhibit J to Subpart A [Amended]

116. Amend Exhibit J to Subpart A of Part 1924, Part A by:

a. In Section I:

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 field" and
adding "Agency field" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 housing" and
adding "Agency housing" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 may" and
adding "The Agency may" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "The Agency will" in its place;

b. In Section II introductory text by:

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 has" and
adding "The Agency has" in its place;

ii. Removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "to the Agency" in its place; and

iii. Removing "of FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "of Agency" in its place;

c. In Section II.B:

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 field" and
adding "Agency field" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loan" and
adding "Agency loan" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354/MPS" and
adding "Agency/MPS" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 in that" and
adding "the Agency in that" in its place;

d. In Section III:

i. In the definition of `Manufactured Home" removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354's" and adding "the Agency's" in its place; and

ii. In the definition of `Permanent Perimeter Enclosure' removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 adopted" and adding "Agency adopted"
in its place;

e. In Section IV, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place;

f. In Section V:

i. In the introductory text, removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "by the Agency" in its place;

ii. In Section V.2, removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "by the Agency" in its place and removing "to FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "to the Agency" in its
place; and

iii. In Section V.2.B introductory text, removing "by FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "by the Agency" in its place and
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 regulations" and
adding "Agency regulations" in its place;
Exhibit J to Subpart A [Amended]

117. Amend Exhibit J to Subpart A of Part 1924, Part B by:

a. In Section I.C removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "the Agency's" in its place;

b. In Section I.I, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

c. In Section II.A introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354/MPS" and adding "Agency/MPS" in its place and removing
"to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "to the
Agency" in its place;

d. In Section II.A.1, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354/MPS" and adding "Agency/MPS" in its place and removing "to FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "to the Agency" in its
place;

e. In Section II.A.2, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

f. In Section II.A.4, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

g. In Section II.A.6, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 adopted" and adding "Agency adopted" in its place and removing "to FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "to the Agency" in
its place;

h. In Section II.A.8, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "the Agency's" in its place;

i. In Section II.C.1, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354/MPS" wherever it occurs and adding "Agency/MPS" in its place;

j. In Section II.C.2, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under PublicLaw
103-354/MPS" and adding "Agency/MPS" in its place;

k. In Section III.A, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354/MPS" and adding "Agency/MPS" in its place;

l. In Section III.C, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

m. In Section IV.A.1, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354/MPS" and adding "Agency/MPS" in its place; and

n. In Section IV.C.2, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354/MPS" and adding "Agency/MPS" in its place and removing "by FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "by the Agency" in its
place;
Exhibit J to Subpart A [Amended]

118. Amend Exhibit J to Subpart A of Part 1924, Part C by:

a. In Section I introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place;

b. In Section I.B, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Agency" in its place;

c. In Section I.C:

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 County" and
adding "Agency County" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354/MPS" and
adding "Agency/MPS" in its place; and

iii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by the Agency" in its place; and

d. In Section V.A, removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place.
Exhibit J to Subpart A [Amended]

119. Amend Exhibit J to Subpart A of Part 1924, Part D, Inspection of
Development Works, Section II.D by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354's" and adding "the Agency's" in its place.
Exhibit K to Subpart A [Amended]

120. Amend Exhibit K to Subpart A of Part 1924 by:

a. In Section I, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place;

b. In Section II, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" wherever it occurs and adding "the Agency's" in its place and
removing "between FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "between the Agency" in its place; and

c. In Section III, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place.
Exhibit L to Subpart A [Amended]

121. Amend Exhibit L to Subpart A of Part 1924 by:

a. In Section I introductory text, removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA)
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its
place;

b. In Section I.A, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place;

c. In Section I.B, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place;

d. In Section I.C, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place;

e. In Section II.B, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "the Agency" in its place;

f. In Section III.E, removing "if FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "if the Agency" in its place and removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 inspections" wherever it occurs and
adding "Agency inspections" in its place;

g. In Section IV.A(6), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

h. In Section IV.B(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

i. In Section IV.B(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place; and

j. In Attachment 1, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place.
Subpart C--Planning and Performing Site Development Work
§§ 1924.103 and 1924.119
[Amended]

122. Amend §§ 1924.103 and 1924.119 by removing "FmHA" and adding "RD" in its
place and by removing "(available in any RHS field office)" wherever it occurs.
Subpart F--Complaints and Compensation for Construction Defects
§ 1924.251
[Amended]

123. Amend § 1924.251 by removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place.
§§ 1924.252, 1924.253, 1924.258, 1924.260, 1924.261, 1924.262, 1924.265,
1924.266, 1924.274, and 1924.276 [Amended]

124. Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and add "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1924.252;

b. Section 1924.253;

c. Section 1924.258;

d. Section 1924.260;

e. Section 1924.261;

f. Section 1924.262;

g. Section 1924.265;

h. Section 1924.266;

i. Section 1924.274; and

j. Section 1924.276.
§ 1924.259 [Amended]

125. Amend § 1924.259 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "a format specified by FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 (available in any FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 office)" and adding "a Rural Development approved
format" in its place and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 will" and adding "Rural Development will" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 using a format specified by FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 (available in any FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 office)" and adding "Rural Development using a Rural Development
approved format" in its place;

c. In paragraphs (c), (d), and (e) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural
Development" in its place;

d. In paragraph (e)(2) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354's findings" and adding "the findings" in its place; and

e. In paragraphs (e)(2)(i), (e)(2)(ii), (e)(3), and (e)(4), removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding
"Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1924.271 [Amended]

126. Amend § 1924.271 by removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "to Rural Development" in its place and by removing
"(available in any FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
office)".
§ 1924.273 [Amended]

127. Amend § 1924.273 by removing "(available in any FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 office)".
Part 1925 Taxes

128. The authority citation for part 1925 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 42 U.S.C. 1480.
Subpart C--Planning and Performing Site Development Work
§ 1925.2
[Amended]

129. Amend § 1925.2 by removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place.
§ 1925.3 [Amended]

130. Amend § 1925.3(c) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1925.4 [Amended]

131. Amend § 1925.4 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Agency" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
Part 1927 Title Clearance and Loan Closing

132. The authority citation for part 1927 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 42 U.S.C. 1480.
Subpart B--Real Estate Title Clearance and Loan Closing
§ 1927.52
[Amended]

133. Amend § 1927.52 by removing the definition of "FSA" and revising the
definitions of "Agency", "National Office", "RHS", and "State Office" to read as
follows:
§ 1927.52 Definitions.

Agency. The Rural Housing Service (RHS) or its successor agency.

* * * * *

National Office. The National Headquarters Office of RHS.

* * * * *

RHS. The Rural Housing Service, an agency of the United States Department of
Agriculture, or its successor agency.

* * * * *

State Office. This term refers to the Rural Development State Director.

* * * * *
Part 1940 General

134. The authority citation for part 1940 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; and 42 U.S.C. 1480.
Subpart I--Truth in Lending-Real Estate Settlement Procedures
§ 1940.401
[Amended]

135. Amend § 1940.401 by:

a. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (d)(4)(iii), removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 to the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
County Office" and adding "by Rural Development to the Rural Development County
Office" in its place.
§ 1940.406 [Amended]

136. Amend § 1940.406 by removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place.
Subpart L--Methodology and Formulas for Allocation of Loan and Grant Program
Funds
§ 1940.551
[Amended]

137. Amend § 1940.551 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "Administrator of the Farmers Home Administration
(FmHA) or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"Administrator for the Rural Business-Cooperative Service or the Administrator
for the Rural Housing Service, as applicable," in its place; and

b. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§§ 1940.552, 1940.557, 1940.578, and 1940.585 [Amended]

138. Amend §§ 1940.552(e), 1940.577(b)(2), 1940.578(k), and 1940.585(g) by
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place.

139. Revise § 1940.560(b)(3) to read as follows:
§ 1940.560 Guaranteed Rural Rental Housing Program.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(3) State's percentage of National average cost per unit. The data source for
the criterion specified in paragraph (b)(1) of this section is the most recent
decennial Census of the United States (decennial Census). The data source for
the criterion specified in paragraph (b)(2) of this section is 5-year income
data from the American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other Census Bureau
data. The data source for the criterion specified in paragraph (b)(3) of this
section is the cost per unit data using the applicable maximum per unit dollar
amount limitations under section 207(c) of the National Housing Act, which can
be obtained from the Department of Housing and Urban Development. The percentage
representing each criterion is multiplied by the weight assigned and totaled to
arrive at a State factor.

State Factor = (criterion No. 1 × weight of 40%) + (criterion No. 1 × weight of
40%) + (criterion No. 1 × weight of 20%)

* * * * *

140. In § 1940.563, revise paragraph (b)(4) and add paragraph (b)(5) to read as
follows:
§ 1940.563 Section 502 non-subsidized guaranteed Rural Housing (RH) loans.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(4) State's percentage of the national number of rural renter households paying
more than 35 percent of income for rent. The data source for each criterion is
specified in paragraph (b)(5) of this section. Each criterion is assigned a
specific weight according to its relevance in determining need. The percentage
representing each criterion is multiplied by the weight factor and summed to
arrive at a basic State factor (SF) as follows:

SF = (criterion 1 × weight of 30%) + (criterion 2 × weight of 10%) + (criterion
3 × weight of 30%) + (criterion 4 × weight of 30%)

(5) The data source for the criteria specified in paragraphs (b)(1) and (b)(2)
of this section is the most recent decennial Census. The data source for the
criteria specified in paragraph (b)(3) and (b)(4) of this section is 5-year
income data from the AmericanCommunity Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other Census
Bureau data.

* * * * *

141. In § 1940.564, revise paragraph (b)(4) and add paragraph (b)(5) to read as
follows:
§ 1940.564 Section 502 subsidized guaranteed Rural Housing loans.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(4) State's percentage of the national number of rural renter households paying
more than 35 percent of income for rent. The data source for each criterion is
specified in paragraph (b)(5) of this section. Each criterion is assigned a
specific weight according to its relevance in determining need. The percentage
representing each criterion is multiplied by the weight factor and summed to
arrive at a basic State factor (SF) as follows:

SF = (criterion 1 × weight of 30%) + (criterion 2 × weight of 10%) + (criterion
3 × weight of 30%) + (criterion 4 × weight of 30%)

(5) The data source for the criteria specified in paragraphs (b)(1), (b)(2), and
(b)(4) of this section is the most recent decennial Census. The data source for
the criterion specified in paragraph (b)(3) of this section is 5-year income
data from the American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other Census Bureau
data.

* * * * *

142. Revise § 1940.566(b)(2) to read as follows:
§ 1940.566 Section 504 Housing Repair loans.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(2) State's percentage of the National number of rural households below 50
percent of area median income. The data source for the first criterion is the
most recent decennial Census data. The data source for the second criterion is
5-year income data from the American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other
Census Bureau data. Each criterion is assigned a specific weight according to
its relevance in determining need. The percentage representing each criterion is
multiplied by the weight factor and summed to arrive at a basic State factor
(SF).

SF = (criterion No. 1 × weight of 50%) + (criterion No. 2 × weight of 50%)

* * * * *

143. Revise § 1940.567(b)(3) to read as follows:
§ 1940.567 Section 504 Housing Repair grants.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(3) State's percentage of the National number of rural households below 50
percent of area median income. The data source for the first two of these
criteria is the most recent decennial Census data. The data source for the third
criterion is the 5-year data from the American Community Survey (ACS) or, if
needed, other Census Bureau data. Each criterion is assigned a specific weight
according to its relevance in determining need. The percentage representing each
criterion is multiplied by the weight factor and summed to arrive at a basic
State factor (SF).

SF = (criterion No. 1 × weight of 33 1/3%) + (criterion No. 2 × weight of 33
1/3%) + (criterion No. 3 × weight of 33 1/3%)

* * * * *

144. Revise § 1940.575(b)(3) to read as follows:
§ 1940.575 Section 515 Rural Rental Housing (RRH) loans.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(3) State's percentage of National rural families with incomes below the poverty
level. The data source for the first two of these criterion is the most recent
decennial Census data. The data source for the third criterion is the 5-year
data from the American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other Census Bureau
data. Each criterion is assigned a specific weight according to its relevance in
determining need. The percentage representing each criterion is multiplied by
the weight assigned and summed to arrive at a State factor (SF).

SF = (criterion No. 1 × weight of 33 1/3%) + (criterion No. 2 × weight of 33
1/3%) + (criterion No. 3 × weight of 33 1/3%)

* * * * *

145. Revise § 1940.585(b)(2) to read as follows:
§ 1940.585 Community Facility loans.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(2) The data source for the first criterion is the most recent decennial Census
data. The data source for the second criterion is the 5-year data from the
American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other Census Bureau data. The
data source for the third criterion is the most recent Bureau of Labor
Statistics data. Each criterion is assigned a specific weight according to its
relevance in determining need. The percentage representing each criterion is
multiplied by the weight factor and summed to arrive at a State factor (SF). The
SF cannot exceed 0.05.

SF = (criterion (b)(1)(i) × 50 percent) + (criterion (b)(1)(ii) × 25 percent) +
(criterion (b)(1)(iii) × 25 percent)

* * * * *

146. Amend § 1940.591 by:

a. Revising paragraph (b)(2); and

b. In paragraph (g), removing "(available in any FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 office)."

The revision reads as follows:
§ 1940.591 Community Program Guaranteed loans.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(2) The data source for the first criterion is the most recent decennial Census
data. The data source for the second criterion is the 5-year data from the
American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other Census Bureau data. The
data source for the third criterion is the most recent Bureau of Labor
Statistics data. Each criterion is assigned a specific weight according to its
relevance in determining need. The percentage representing each criterion is
multiplied by the weight factor and summed to arrive at a State factor (SF). The
SF cannot exceed 0.05.

SF = (criterion (b)(1)(i) × 50 percent) + (criterion (b)(1)(ii) × 25 percent) +
(criterion (b)(1)(iii) × 25 percent)

* * * * *

147. Revise § 1940.592(b)(2) to read as follows:
§ 1940.592 Community facilities grants.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(2) The data source for the first criterion is the most recent decennial Census
data. The data source for the second criterion is the 5-year data from the
American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other Census Bureau data. Each
criterion is assigned a specific weight according to its relevance in
determining need. The percentage representing each criterion is multiplied by
the weight factor and summed to arrive at a State factor (SF).

SF (criterion (b)(1)(i) × 50 percent) + (criterion (b)(1)(ii) × 50 percent)

* * * * *
Subpart T--System for Delivery of Certain Rural Development Programs
§ 1940.951
[Amended]

148. Amend § 1940.951 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place; and

b. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under PublicLaw
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1940.953 [Amended]

149. Amend § 1940.953 by:

a. In the definition of `Administrator', removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Business--Cooperative Service, Rural
Housing Service, or Rural Utilities Service" in its place; and

b. In the defintion of `State Director', removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§§ 1940.956, 1940.957, 1940.960, and 1940.969 [Amended]

150. Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and add "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1940.956;

b. Section 1940.957(d);

c. Section 1940.960(a); and

d. Section 1940.969.
§ 1940.961 [Amended]

151. Amend § 1940.961 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(1), removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction"
in its place and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
State" and adding "RD State" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

c. In paragraph (d)(1), removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction"
in its place.
§ 1940.965 [Amended]

152. Amend § 1940.965 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1940.968 [Amended]

153. Amend § 1940.968 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (c) and (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (h)(4), removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction"
in its place and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
office" and adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

d. In paragraph (i)(2)(vii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

e. In paragraph (i)(3)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

f. In paragraph (i)(3)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

g. In paragraph (i)(3)(iii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

h. In paragraph (i)(3)(iv), removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD
Instruction" in its place and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

i. In paragraph (j)(2):

i. Removing "Exhibit A (available from any FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354RD State Office), shall be attached to and become a permanent
part of Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 1940-A and
the following paragraphs will appear in the comment section of that form:" and
adding "Exhibit A of this subpart (available from any Rural Development State
Office) shall be attached to and become a permanent part of Form RD 1940-1 and
the following paragraphs will appear in the comment section of that form:" in
its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 7 CFR part
1940" and adding "7 CFR part 1940" in its place; and

iii. Removing "approved by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "approved by Rural Development" in its place;

j. In paragraph (j)(4), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will retain" and adding
"Rural Development will retain" in its place;

k. In paragraph (j)(6), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

l. In paragraphs (j)(7) and (l), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
Part 1942 Associations

154. The authority citation for part 1942 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989.
Subpart A--Community Facility Loan
§ 1942.1
[Amended]

155. Amend § 1942.1 by:

a. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Agency's" in its place;

b. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

c. In pragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Agency" in its place.
§ 1942.2 [Amended]

156. Amend § 1942.2:

a. In paragraph (a)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD's" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(2)(iv), removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "by RD" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 funding" and adding "Agency funding" in its place and removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will issue" and adding "the Agency
will issue" in its place;

d. In paragraph (a)(4), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in their place;

e. In paragraph (c)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place; and

f. In paragraphs (d) and (e), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its
place.
§ 1942.3 [Amended]

157. Amend § 1942.3 by:

a. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

b. Removing "422-10" and adding "442-10" in its place; and

c. Removing "by the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by the RD" in its place.
§ 1942.5 [Amended]

158. Amend § 1942.5 by:

a. In paragraph (a) introductory text, removing "Ordinarily FmHA or itssuccessor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "The Rural Development" in its place
and removing "by the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by the Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(1)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place and removing
"(Public Resolution)" and adding "(Public Bodies)" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(1)(ii):

i. Removing "approved by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
by written" and adding "approved by written" in its place;

ii. Removing "approved by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
shall" and adding "approved by RD shall" in its place;

iii. Removing "If FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 makes
the loan" and adding "If (insert agency name) makes the loan" in its place;

iv. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

v. Removing "submitted to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "submitted to RD" in its place; and

vi. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 reserves"
and adding "Rural Development reserves" in its place;

d. In paragraphs (b)(1)(ii)(E) and (c)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

e. In paragraph (d) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural Development office" in its
place and removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "Form RD" in its place;

f. In paragraphs (d)(1) and (d)(2), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

g. In paragraph (d)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Field Office terminal" and adding "automated terminal" in its place and
removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever
it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

h. In paragraph (d)(5):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Field" and
adding "Rural Development Field" in its place;

ii. Removing "the Legislative Affairs and Public Information Staff in the
National Office" and adding "the Legislative and Public Affairs Staff in the
Rural Development National Office" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

i. In paragraph (d)(6), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

j. In paragraph (d)(7) introductory text, removing "Form FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Field" and adding "Rural
Development Field" in its place; and

k. In paragraph (d)(7)(iii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1942.6 [Amended]

159. Amend § 1942.6 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1942.8 [Amended]

160. Amend § 1942.8:

a. In paragraph (d), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

b. In paragraph (g), removing "review of FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354's" and adding "review of Rural Developments's" in its place;
and

c. In paragraph (h), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 personnel" and adding "Rural Development personnel" in its place and
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction" and
adding "RD Instruction" in its place.
§ 1942.16 [Amended]

161. Amend § 1942.16 introductory text by removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding
"RD Instruction" in its place and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural Development office" in its place.
§ 1942.17 [Amended]

162. Amend § 1942.17 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"Rural Development" in its place wherever it occurs in the following places:

i. Paragraph (a);

ii. Paragraphs (b)(2)(i), (b)(3), and (b)(4);

iii. Paragraphs (c)(1), (c)(2) introductory text, and (c)(2)(iv) introductory
text;

iv. Paragraphs (d)(1)(iv)(B), (d)(1)(iv)(G) introductory text,
(d)(1)(iv)(G)(2)(ii), (d)(1)(v) introductory text, (d)(1)(v)(C), and
(d)(1)(v)(D);

v. Paragraphs (e)(1) introductory text, (e)(1)(ii), and (e)(4);

vi. Paragraph (f)(6);

vii. Paragraph (f)(7) introductory text and (f)(7)(i)(D);

viii. Paragraph (g) introductory text;

ix. Paragraphs (h) introductory text, (h)(1)(ii)(B), (h)(2)(ii)(A)(2),
(h)(2)(ii)(B), (h)(2)(iii) introductory text, (h)(2)(iii)(C), and (h)(3)
introductory text;

x. Paragraphs (j)(3)(i)(A) through (D), (j)(3)(ii)(A), (j)(4) introductory text,
(j)(4)(iii)(C), (j)(5), (j)(7), (j)(9), (j)(10)(ii), (j)(10)(iv), and (j)(11);

xi. Paragraphs (k) introductory text, (k)(1)(iv), (k)(4), and (k)(5);

xii. Paragraphs (m)(3) through (m)(6);

xiii. Paragraphs (n)(1), (n)(2)(xiii), (n)(3)(ii), and (n)(6);

xiv. Paragraph (o)(3);

xv. Paragraphs (p)(2) introductory text, (p)(2)(iii), and (p)(3)(i) through
(iii);

b. Revising paragraphs (b)(1)(i)(A), (b)(1)(i)(B), (b)(2)(iii), and (b)(2)(iv);

c. In paragraph (b)(5), removing in the paragraph heading "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354"; and removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 shall" and adding "The Government shall" in its place;

d. In paragraph (c)(2)(iii)(E), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 funds" and adding "Rural Devleopment funds" in its place and
removing "between FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and
adding "between Rural Development's" in its place;

e. In paragraph (d)(1)(v)(E):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 may" and
adding "Rural Development may" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's
authorization" and adding "Rural Development's authorization" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
authorization" and adding "Rural Development authorization" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 approval"
and adding "Rural Development approval" in its place;

f. In paragraph (f)(5), removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction"
in its place and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
office" and adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

g. In paragraph (f)(6), revising the third, fourth, and fifth sentences;

h. In paragraphs (g)(1) introductory text and (g)(1)(i), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "the
United States" in its place;

i. In paragraph (g)(1)(ii) introductory text:

i. Removing "acceptable to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "acceptable to the United States" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 portion" and
adding "United States portion" in its place;

iii. Removing "include FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "include United States" in its place;

iv. Removing "the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State
Director" and adding "the State Director" in its place; and

v. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 must" and
adding "The United States must" in its place;

j. In paragraph (g)(1)(iv), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354";

k. In paragraph (g)(2)(iii)(A)(7):

i. Removing "Farmers Home Adminstration or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

l. In paragraph (g)(3)(i) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

m. In paragraphs (g)(3)(i)(B) and (D), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "the United States" in
its place;

n. In paragraph (g)(3)(iii)(A)(3):

i. Removing "Farmers Home Adminstration or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

o. In paragraph (h)(2)(i)(B)(2), removing "the Farmers Home Administration or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in
its place;

p. In paragraph (j)(3) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354's" and adding "RD's" in its place;

q. In paragraph (j)(3)(ii)(B):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "acceptable to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "acceptable to Rural Development" in its place; and

iii. Removing "determined by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "determined by Rural Development" in its place;

r. Revising paragraph (j)(3)(iii);

s. In paragraph (j)(4)(i) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its
place;

t. In paragraph (j)(4)(i)(A), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "give FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "give Rural
Development" in its place;

u. In paragraph (j)(4)(i)(B) introductory text, removing "Form FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form
RD" in its place and removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

v. In paragraph (j)(4)(i)(B)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its
place and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and
adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

w. In paragraph (j)(6)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

x. In paragraph (k)(7), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 financial" and adding "Agency financial" in its place and removing "The
FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State Director" and adding
"The State Director" in its place;

y. In paragraph (k)(8), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

z. In paragraph (l)(1):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 concurrence"
and adding "Agency concurrence" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354/EPA" and
adding "Agency/EPA" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 and EPA" and
adding "RD and EPA" in its place;

aa. In paragraph (l)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place;

bb. In paragraphs (l)(4) and (m)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

cc. In paragraph (m)(2):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will
tentatively" and adding "RD will tentatively" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loan" and
adding "agency loan" in its place;

iii. Removing "from FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "from Rural Development" in its place;

iv. Removing "where FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "where Rural Development" in its place;

v. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will notify"
and adding "Rural Development will notify" in its place; and

vi. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loans" and
adding "Rural Development loans" in its place;

dd. In paragraph (n)(2) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its
place;

ee. In paragraph (n)(2)(vii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

ff. In paragraph (n)(2)(x), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place;

gg. In paragraph (n)(3) introductory text:

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 funds" and
adding "Rural Development funds" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's
commitment" and adding "Rural Development's commitment" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loan" and
adding "Rural Development loan" in its place;

iv. Removing "When an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "When a Rural Development" in its place; and

v. Removing "provide FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "provide Rural Development" in its place;

hh. In paragraph (p)(2)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

ii. In paragraph (p)(4):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 funds" and
adding "Rural Development funds" in its place;

ii. Removing "benefit of FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "benefit of Rural Development" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

jj. In paragraph (p)(5), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 funds" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place
and removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by the Agency" in its place;

kk. In paragraph (p)(6)(i)(A):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loan" and
adding "agency loan" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 grant" and
adding "agency grant" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
indebtedness" and adding "RD indebtedness" in its place; and

11. In paragraph (p)(6)(i)(B), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "agency" in its place.

The revisions read as follows:
§ 1942.17 Community facilities.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(1) * * *

(i) * * *

(A) Loans for water or waste disposal facilities will not be made to a city or
town with a population in excess of 10,000 inhabitants. The population figure is
obtained from the most recent decennial Census of the United States (decennial
Census). If the applicable population figure cannot be obtained from the most
recent decennial Census, RD will determine the applicable population figure
based on available population data.

(B) Loans for essential community facilities will not be made to a city or town
with a population in excess of 20,000 inhabitants according to the most recent
decennial Census.

* * * * *

(2) * * *

(iii) For water or waste disposal facilities, the terms rural and rural area
will not include any area in any city or town with a population in excess of
10,000 inhabitants. The population figure is obtained from the most recent
decennial Census. If the applicable population figure cannot be obtained from
the most recent decennial Census, RD will determine the applicable population
figure based on available population data.

(iv) For essential community facilities, the terms rural and rural area will not
include any area in any city or town with a population in excess of 20,000
inhabitants. The population figure is obtained from the most recent decennial
Census. If the applicable population figure cannot be obtained from the most
recent decennial Census, RD will determine the applicable population figure
based on available population data.

* * * * *

(f) * * *

(6) Income determination.* * * The median household income of the service area
and the nonmetropolitan median household income of the State will be determined
from 5-year income data from the American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed,
other Census Bureau data. If there is reason to believe that the ACS or other
Census Bureau data does not accurately represent the median household income
within the area to be served, the reasons will be documented and the applicant
may furnish, or Rural Development may obtain, additional information regarding
such median household income data. Information must consist of reliable data
from local, regional, State or Federal sources or from a survey conducted by a
reliable impartial source. * * *

(j) * * *

(3) * * *

(iii) Insurance. The following types of coverage must be maintained if
appropriate for the type of project and entity involved. Insurance must be in
amounts acceptable to the Agency and at least equivalent to coverage for real
property and equipment acquired without Federal funds.

(A) Property insurance. Fire and extended coverage will normally be maintained
on all structures except as noted in paragraphs (j)(3)(iii)(A)(1) and (2) of
this section. Ordinarily, Rural Development should be listed as mortgagee on the
policy when Rural Development has a lien on the property. Normally, major items
of equipment or machinery located in the insured structures must also be
covered. Exceptions:

(1) Reservoirs, standpipes, elevated tanks, and other structures built entirely
of noncombustible materials if such structures are not normally insured.

(2) Subsurface lift stations except for the value of electrical and pumping
equipment therein.

(B) Liability and property damage insurance, including vehicular coverage.

(C) Malpractice insurance. The need and requirements for malpractice insurance
will be carefully and thoroughly considered in connection with each health care
facility financed.

(D) Flood insurance. Facilities located in special flood- and mudslide-prone
areas must comply with the eligibility and insurance requirements of subpart B
of part 1806 of this chapter (RD Instruction 426.2).

(E) Worker's compensation. The borrower will carry worker's compensation
insurance for employees in accordance with State laws.

* * * * *
§ 1942.18 [Amended]

163. Amend § 1942.18 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"Rural Development" in its place wherever it occurs in the following places:

i. Paragraph (b);

ii. Paragraph (c);

iii. Paragraphs (d) introductory text, (d)(4), and (d)(11);

iv. Paragraph(e)(2);

v. Paragraphs(f)(1) introductory text, (f)(1)(iii)(C), (f)(5), and (f)(6);

vi. Paragraph (g);

vii. Paragraph (h);

viii. Paragraphs (j)(1) introductory text, (j)(2), and (j)(5)(iv);

ix. Paragraph (k)(5);

x. Paragraphs (m) introductory text, (m)(1) introductory text, (m)(2), and
(m)(4);

xi. Paragraphs (n) introductory text, (n)(5), (n)(6), (n)(8), (n)(9), and
(n)(11); and

xii. Paragraphs (o)(2) introductory text, (o)(2)(iii) introductory text,
(o)(2)(iii)(B), (o)(4)(iv), (o)(6), (o)(7)(i)introductory text, and (o)(7)(iii)
introductory text;

b. In paragraph (d)(1) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

c. In paragraph (d)(1)(i):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 offices" and
adding "Rural Development offices" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's
eligibility" and adding "the Rural Development's eligibility" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

d. In paragraph (d)(16), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 will" and adding "Rural Development will" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's State" and adding
"Rural Development's State" in its place;

e. In paragraph (e)(1):

i. Removing "from FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "from Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and
adding "Rural Development's" in its place; and

iii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

f. In paragraph (f) introductory text:

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State" and
adding "Rural Development State" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 review" and
adding "Rural Development review" in its place;

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loan" and
adding "Rural Development loan" in its place; and

v. Removing "pledged to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "pledged to Rural Development" in its place;

g. In paragraphs (f)(1)(iii)(B)(2) and(3), removing "Form FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

h. In paragraph (n)(3):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

iii. Removing "acting through the Farmers Home Administration or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "acting through Rural Development"
in its place;

i. In paragraph (o)(1), removing "where FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "where Rural Development" in its place and
removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever
it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

j. In paragraph (o)(3):

i. Removing "made by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "made by Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 for
acceptance" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development for acceptance" in
its place;

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

iv. Removing "from FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "from Rural Development" in its place;

k. In paragraph (o)(5), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 State" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development State" in its
place and removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "Form RD" in its place;

l. In paragraph (o)(7)(i)(C), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place; and

m. In paragraph (o)(7)(ii), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State" and adding "the Rural
Development State" in its place.
§ 1942.19 [Amended]

164. Amend § 1942.19 by:

a. In the following paragraphs, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its
place:

i. Paragraphs (b)(1), (b)(2) introductory text, (b)(2)(iv), and (b)(2)(vi);

ii. Paragraph (c)(11);

iii. Paragraph (d);

iv. Paragraphs (e) introductory text and (e)(2)(i) through (e)(2)(iii);

v. Paragraph (f);

vi. Paragraph (g) introductory text; and

vii. Paragraphs (h)(1), (h)(4), (h)(7), (h)(9), (h)(10)(ii), and (h)(10)(iii).

b. In paragraph (c) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in
its place and removing "discusesd" and adding "discussed" in its place;

c. In paragraph (e)(1), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

d. In paragraph (e)(2), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 advance" and adding
"Rural Development advance" in its place;

e. In paragraph (h)(2):

i. Removing "purchased by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "purchased by Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "Farmers Home Administration or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

iii. Removing "address of FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "address of Rural Development" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State
Office" and adding "Rural Development State Office" in its place;

f. In paragraph (h)(10)(iv), removing "FmHA" and adding "RD" in its place;

g. In paragraph (h)(11)(iii), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place; and

h. In paragraph (i):

i. Removing "Bidding by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "Bidding by Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will not"
and adding "Rural Development will not" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's rates"
and adding "Rural Development's rates" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will
negotiate" and adding "Rural Development will negotiate" in its place.
§ 1942.20 [Amended]

165. Amend § 1942.20 by:

a. In paragraph (a) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354";

b. In paragraph (a)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Agency's" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(12), removing "Farmers Home Administration or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354--Department of Agriculture Pertaining to EDA
Public Works Projects Assisted by an FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 Loan" and adding "Department of Agriculture Pertaining to EDA Public
Works Projects Assisted by an Agency Loan" in its place;

d. In paragraph (a)(13), removing "Farmers Home Administration or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354-";

e. In paragraphs (a)(18) and (a)(20), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

f. In paragraph (a)(25), removing "EPA and FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Environmental Protection Agency and the Agency"
in its place; and

g. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Agency" in its place.
Subpart C--Fire and Rescue and Other Small Community Facilities Projects
§ 1942.102
[Amended]

166. Amend § 1942.102 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "RD's" in its place.
§ 1942.105 [Amended]

167. Amend § 1942.105 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1942.107 [Amended]

168. Amend § 1942.107(c) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 funds" and adding "Agency funds" in its place and by removing "by
Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "by RD" in its place.
§ 1942.108 [Amended]

169. Amend § 1942.108(c) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1942.112 [Amended]

170. Amend § 1942.112 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(2)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(3) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 approval" and adding "Agency approval" in its place and
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 determines" and
adding "RD determines" in its place;

c. In paragraphs (a)(3)(iii) and (a)(3)(iv), removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

d. In paragraph (a)(3)(v):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 may
authorize" and adding "RD may authorize" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's
authorization" and adding "RD's authorization" in its place;

iii. Removing "and FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
authorization" and adding "and Agency authorization" in its place; and

iv. Removing "without FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
approval" and adding "without Agency approval" in its place.
§ 1942.114 [Amended]

171. Amend § 1942.114 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (a)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place.
§ 1942.115 [Amended]

172. Amend § 1942.115 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 may require" and adding "RD may require" in its place and by removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 employee" and adding
"Agency employee" in its place.
§ 1942.116 [Amended]

173. Amend § 1942.116 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place; and

b. In paragraphs (a) and (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1942.122 [Amended]

174. Amend § 1942.122 by:

a. In the heading of paragraph (a), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (f), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1942.123 [Amended]

175. Amend § 1942.123 by:

a. In paragraphs (a)(1) and (i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (k):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 personnel"
and adding "Agency personnel" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "RD office" in its place.
§ 1942.126 [Amended]

176. Amend § 1942.126 by:

a. In paragraph (b) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 may" and adding "RD may" in its place and removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "RD office" in its
place;

c. In paragraph (b)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 concurrence" and adding "Agency concurrence" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 may" and adding "RD may"
in its place;

d. In paragraphs (b)(3), (c), and (d)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place;

e. In paragraph (d)(2):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 for approval"
and adding "RD for approval" in its place;

ii. Removing "approved by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law103-354"
and adding "approved by RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 District"
and adding "Agency District" in its place;

f. In paragraph (h) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

g. In paragraph (k), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place;

h. In paragraph (l)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 will" and adding "RD will" in its place and removing "Form FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form
RD" in its place;

i. In paragraph (l)(2), removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "to RD" in its place and removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 funds" and adding "Agency funds" in its place;

j. In paragraph (l)(2)(iii) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

k. In paragraph (l)(2)(iii)(B), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

l. In paragraph (l)(3) introductory text:

i. Removing "or FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "or RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "inspector to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "inspector to RD" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 District"
and adding "Agency District" in its place;

iv. Removing "guide 11" and adding "Guide 11" in its place;

v. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

vi. Removing "Inspections by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Inspections by RD" in its place;

m. In paragraph (l)(4), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State Director" and adding "Agency
State Director" in its place;

n. In paragraphs (l)(5) and (l)(6)(i) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in
its place;

o. In paragraph (l)(6)(i)(C), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354's" and adding "RD's" in its place; and

p. In paragraph (l)(6)(ii), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 District" and adding "Agency District"
in its place; and

q. In paragraph (l)(6)(iii) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place.
§ 1942.127 [Amended]

177. Amend § 1942.127 by:

a. In paragraph (e)(1), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing
"by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "by RD" in
its place; and

b. In paragraph (e)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 loan" and adding "Agency loan" in its place and removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 may" and adding "RD may" in its place.

§ 1942.128 [Amended]

178. Amend § 1942.128(b) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1942.134 [Amended]

179. Amend § 1942.134 introductory text by removing "FmHA Instruction" and
adding "RD Instruction" in its place and by removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 Office" and adding "Rural Development office" in
its place.
Subpart G--Rural Business Enterprise Grants and Television Demonstration Grants
§ 1942.301
[Amended]

180. Amend § 1942.301 by removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever they occur and adding "Agency" in their
place.
§§ 1942.302. 1942.303, and 1942.304 [Amended]

181. Amend §§ 1942.302, 1942.303, and 1942.304 by removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding
"Agency" in its place.

182. In addition to the amendments set forth above, in § 1942.304, revise the
definition of "Rural and Rural Area" to read as follows:
§ 1942.304 Definitions.

* * * * *

Rural and Rural Area. Any area other than a city or town that has a population
of greater than 50,000 inhabitants and the urbanized area contiguous and
adjacent to such a city or town. The population figure is obtained from the most
recent decennial Census. If the applicable population figure cannot be obtained
from the most recent decennial Census, RD will determine the applicable
population figure based on available population data.

* * * * *
§ 1942.305 [Amended]

183. Amend § 1942.305 by:

a. In paragraph (b) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place; and

b. In paragraphs (b)(3)(iv)(A), (b)(3)(iv)(C), (b)(3)(iv)(E), and (b)(3)(v),
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD"
in its place.
§ 1942.306 [Amended]

184. Amend § 1942.306(c) by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 grant" and
adding "Agency grant" in its place;

b. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loan" and
adding "Agency loan" in its place; and

c. Removing "with FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "with RD" in its place.
§ 1942.308 [Amended]

185. Amend § 1942.308 by:

a. In paragraph (a):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 assistance"
and adding "Agency assistance" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 has" and
adding "RD has" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
regulations" and adding "Agency regulations" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place; and

c. In paragraph (d):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 for" and
adding "RD for" in its place;

ii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State" and
adding "Agency State" in its place.
§ 1942.310 [Amended]

186. Amend § 1942.310 by:

a. In paragraph (a):

i. Removing "When FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "When RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "no FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "no Agency" in its place;

iii. Removing "unless FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "unless RD" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 shall" and
adding "RD shall" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 will" and adding "RD will" in its place;

c. In paragraph (b)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "RD's" in its place;

d. In paragraph (b)(4):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "RD will" in its place;

iii. Removing "Forms FmHA" and adding "Forms RD" in its place;

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" wherever
it occurs and adding "RD's" in its place;

v. Removing "prior to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "prior to RD" in its place; and

vi. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 may" and
adding "RD may" in its place;

e. In paragraph (c)(1) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place;

f. In paragraph (c)(1)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

g. In paragraph (c)(3):

i. Removing "applicant to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "applicant to RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 National"
and adding "Agency National" in its place; and

iii. Removing "provided FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "provided RD" in its place;

h. In paragraph (c)(4):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 grant" and
adding "Agency grant" in its place;

ii. Removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "to RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "from FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "from RD" in its place.
§§ 1942.311 and 1942.313 [Amended]

187. Amend §§ 1942.311(b) and 1942.313(b) by removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1942.315 [Amended]

188. Amend § 1942.315(b) by removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1942.316 [Amended]

189. Amend § 1942.316(a) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
Part 1944 Housing

190. The authority citation for part 1944 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 42 U.S.C. 1480.
Subpart B--Housing Application Packaging Grants
§ 1944.51
[Amended]

191. Amend § 1944.51 by removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in their place.
§§ 1944.52 and 1944.53 [Amended]

192. Amend §§ 1944.52 and 1944.53 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in
its place.

193. In addition to the amendments set forth above, in § 1944.52, revise the
definition of "Designated counties" to read as follows:
§ 1944.52 Definitions.

* * * * *

Designated counties. These counties are listed in exhibit D of this subpart. The
counties meet the following criteria:

(1) Twenty percent or more of the county population is at or below the poverty
level based on the most recent 5-year survey of the American Community Survey of
the Census Bureau or other Census Bureau data if needed; and

(2) Ten percent or more of the occupied housing units are substandard based on
the most recent decennial Census of the United States.

* * * * *
§ 1944.71 [Amended]

194. Amend § 1944.71(b) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place.
§ 1944.73 [Amended]

195. Amend § 1944.73 by:

a. In paragraph (a) introductory text:

i. Removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office"
and adding "a Rural Development office" in its place;

ii. Removing "the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office"
and adding "the Rural Development office" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iv. Removing "any FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office"
and adding "any Rural Development office" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(2), removing "FmHA" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in
its place; and

d. In paragraphs (b) and (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
Subpart I--Self-Help Technical Assistance Grants
§ 1944.401
[Amended]

196. Amend § 1944.401 by removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "to Rural Development" in its place and by removing "an
FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "a Rural
Development" in its place.
§ 1944.402 [Amended]

197. Amend § 1944.402 introductory text by removing "Farmers Home Administration
(FmHA) or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural
Development" in its place.
§ 1944.403, 1944.404, 1944.415, 1944.416, 1944.419, 1944.422, and 1944.426
[Amended]

198. Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and add "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1944.403;

b. Section 1944.404;

c. Section 1944.415;

d. Section 1944.416;

e. Section 1944.419;

f. Section 1944.422; and

g. Section 1944.426.
§ 1944.410 [Amended]

199. Amend § 1944.410 by:

a. In paragraphs (b)(1)(ii) and (c)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

b. In paragraph (c)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

c. In paragraph (e)(6), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1944.411 [Amended]

200. Amend § 1944.411 by:

a. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (g), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1944.412 [Amended]

201. Amend § 1944.412 by removing "FmHA" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in
its place.
§ 1944.413 [Amended]

202. Amend § 1944.413 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1944.417 [Amended]

203. Amend § 1944.417 by:

a. In the introductory text to the section, removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural
Development" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (a)(1), (a)(2)(i), and (a)(2)(ii), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

c. In paragraphs (b) introductory text, (b)(1)(ii), and (b)(2), removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding
"Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1944.423 [Amended]

204. Amend § 1944.423 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" wherever
it occurs and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

b. Removing "only FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 can" and
adding "only Rural Development can" in its place; and

c. Removing "with FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 in the"
and adding "with Rural Development in the" in its place.
§ 1944.425 [Amended]

205. Amend § 1944.425 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place.
Subpart K--Technical and Supervisory Assistance Grants
§ 1944.501
[Amended]

206. Amend § 1944.501 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 employee" and adding "Rural Development employee" in its place and
removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 employee" and
adding "a Rural Development employee" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (b), removing "The Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place.
§ 1944.502 [Amended]

207. Amend § 1944.502 by:

a. In paragraphs (a) introductory text, (a)(1), and (b), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place;

b. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place and removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 resources" and adding "Rural
Development resources" in its place; and

c. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§§ 1944.506, 1944.510, 1944.512, 1944.514, 1944.516, 1944.520, 1944.525,
1944.529, 1944.538, 1944.541, 1944.543, 1944.547, and 1944.549 [Amended]

208. Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and add "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1944.506;

b. Section 1944.510;

c. Section 1944.512;

d. Section 1944.514;

e. Section 1944.516;

f. Section 1944.520;

g. Section 1944.525;

h. Section 1944.529;

i. Section 1944.538;

j. Section 1944.541;

k. Section 1944.543;

l. Section 1944.547; and

m. Section 1944.549.
§ 1944.526 [Amended]

209. Amend § 1944.526 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(2)(i)(E), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

b. In paragraphs (a)(5) and (c)(1)(i), removing "Form FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its
place.
§ 1944.531 [Amended]

210. Amend § 1944.531 by removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place and by
removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" from
paragraph (c)(13) and adding "by Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1944.533 [Amended]

211. Amend § 1944.533 by:

a. In paragraphs (c), (d), (f)(1), (f)(2) introductory text, (f)(2)(iii),
(f)(2)(iv), (f)(4) introductory text, (f)(4)(i), and (f)(6), removing "Form FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever its occurs and adding
"Form RD" in its place;

b. In paragraph (e) introductory text, removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding
"RD Instruction" in its place and removing "Director of Information in the
National Office" and adding "Director, Legislative and Public Affairs Staff
(LAPAS), in the Rural Development National Office" in its place;

c. In paragraph (f)(4)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

d. In paragraph (f)(5), removing "LAPIS" wherever it occurs and adding "LAPAS"
in its place and removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1944.535 [Amended]

212. Amend § 1944.535 by:

a. In paragraphs (a) and (b), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Appeal" and adding "Rural Development Appeal" in its place.
§ 1944.536 [Amended]

213. Amend § 1944.536 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 determines" and adding "Rural Development determines" in its place and
by removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1944.540 [Amended]

214. Amend § 1944.540 by:

a. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1944.545 [Amended]

215. Amend § 1944.545 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 440-1" and adding "RD 1940-1" in its place.
§ 1944.548 [Amended]

216. Amend § 1944.548 by:

a. In the section heading, in paragraph (a), and in paragraph (b) introductory
text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (b)(3), removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction"
in its place.
Subpart N--Housing Preservation Grants
§ 1944.654
[Amended]

217. Amend § 1944.654 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "FmHA Instruction" wherever it occurs and adding
"RD Instruction" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in
its place and removing "any Agency office" and adding "any Rural Development
office" in its place.
§ 1944.657 [Amended]

218. Amend § 1944.657 by removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction"
in its place and by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 office" and adding "Rural Development office" in its place.
§ 1944.658 [Amended]

219. Amend § 1944.658(a)(3) by removing "or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs.
§§ 1944.660, 1944.663, 1944.664, 1944.666, 1944.668, 1944.671, 1944.674,
1944.678, 1944.679, 1944.681, 1944.683, 1944.684, and 1944.689 [Amended]

220. Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and add "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1944.660 section heading and paragraph (a);

b. Section 1944.663(a)(7) and (a)(8);

c. Section 1944.664(c)(10)(ii);

d. Section 1944.666(a)(2), (b)(5), and (c);

e. Section 1944.668;

f. Section 1944.671(b) introductory text and paragraphs (b)(2) and (c);

g. Section 1944.674(b) and (c);

h. Section 1944.678;

i. Section 1944.679(b) introductory text and paragraph (b)(4);

j. Section 1944.681;

k. Section 1944.683(a), (b) introductory text, (c), and (d);

l. Section 1944.684 (a), (b) introductory text, (b)(2), (c), and (d); and

m. Section 1944.689(b).
§ 1944.672 [Amended]

221. Amend § 1944.672 by:

a. In paragraphs (c) and (e) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (e)(3):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's
environmental" and adding "Rural Development's environmental" in its place; and

ii. Removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
environmental" and adding "a Rural Development environmental" in its place; and

c. In paragraph (g), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1944.673 [Amended]

222. Amend § 1944.673 by:

a. In paragraph (a):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 has" and
adding "Rural Development has" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office"
wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1944.676 [Amended]

223. Amend § 1944.676 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "appropriate FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "appropriate Rural Development" in its place and
removing "any FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office" and
adding "any Rural Development office" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (b) introductory text, (b)(1)(iv), and (b)(1)(xii), removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural
Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (b)(1)(iii):

i. Removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office"
wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

iii. Removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "to Rural Development" in its place;

d. In paragraph (b)(1)(x), removing "Rural Development or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354";

e. In paragraph (c), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural Development
office" in its place;

f. In paragraph (d)(4), removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction"
in its place and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
office" and adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

g. In paragraph (d)(5), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 office" and adding "Rural Development office" in its placeand removing
"to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "to Rural
Development" in its place;

h. In paragraph (g), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

i. In paragraph (h), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1944.682 [Amended]

224. Amend § 1944.682 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 determines"
and adding "Rural Development determines" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

c. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

d. In paragraph (c):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "Rural Development will" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

iv. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever
it occurs and adding "by Rural Development" in its place; and

e. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1944.688 [Amended]

225. Amend § 1944.688 by:

a. In paragraphs (a) and (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its
place; and

b. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's appeal" and adding "Rural Development's appeal" in its place.
§ 1944.690 [Amended]

226. Amend § 1944.690 by removing "Administrator of FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Under Secretary for Rural Development (or
designee)" in its place.
Part 1948 Rural Development

227. The authority citation for part 1948 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1932 note.
Subpart B--Section 601 Energy Impacted Area Development Assistance
§ 1948.51
[Amended]

228. Amend § 1948.51 by:

a. Removing "Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. Removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "to Rural Development" in its place; and

c. Removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "a Rural Development" in its place.
§§ 1948.53, 1948.56, 1948.60, 1948.62, 1948.68, 1948.70, 1948.81, 1948.86,
1948.88, 1948.91, 1948.94, and 1948.95 [Amended]

229. Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and add "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1948.53;

b. Section 1948.56;

c. Section 1948.60;

d. Section 1948.62(b);

e. Section 1948.68(g);

f. Section 1948.70(b);

g. Section 1948.81(a) and (b);

h. Section 1948.86(a)(1) and (a)(2);

i. Section 1948.88;

j. Section 1948.91;

k. Section 1948.94(a) introductory text and (b); and

l. Section 1948.95.

230. Revise § 1948.61 introductory text to read as follows:
§ 1948.61 State supplements and guides.

Rural Development State Directors will obtain National Office clearance for all
State supplements and guides in accordance with paragraph VIII of RD Instruction
2006-B, (available in any Rural Development office).

* * * * *
§ 1948.70 [Amended]

231. Amend § 1948.70(c) by removing "Administrator of FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Under Secretary for Rural
Development" in its place.
§ 1948.79 [Amended]

232. Amend § 1948.79 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

i. Paragraph (a);

ii. Paragraph (c) introductory text;

iii. Paragraph (e) introductory text;

iv. Paragraph (f);

v. Paragraph (g);

vi. Paragraph (h) introductory text;

vii. Paragraph (i);

viii. Paragraph (j);

ix. Paragraphs (k) introductory text and (k)(12);

b. In paragraph (c)(4), removing "Forms FmHA" and adding "Form RD" in its place
and removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

c. In paragraph (k)(8), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 440-1" and adding "RD 1940-1" in its place; and

d. In paragraphs (k)(9) and (k)(10), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1948.81 [Amended]

233. Amend § 1948.81(d) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 State" and adding "Rural Development State" in its place and by
removing "Administrator, FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "Under Secretary for Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1948.82 [Amended]

234. Amend § 1948.82 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

i. Paragraphs (a) introductory text and (a)(10);

ii. Paragraph (c);

iii. Paragraph (d);

iv. Paragraph (e);

v. Paragraphs (f) introductory text, (f)(1), and (f)(2);

vi. Paragraph (g);

vii. Paragraph (h); and

viii. Paragraph (m).

b. In paragraph (i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under PublicLaw
103-354 National" and adding "Rural Development State" in its place and removing
"Administrator" and adding "Under Secretary for Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (j), removing "Administrator, FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354, the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
State" and adding "Under Secretrary for Rural Development, the Rural Development
State" in its place;

d. In paragraph (k), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Stae" and adding "Rural Development State" in its place and removing
"Administrator, FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Under Secretrary for Rural Development" in its place; and

e. In paragraph (l), removing "Administrator of FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Under Secretary for Rural Development" in
its place.
§§ 1948.83 and 1948.97 [Amended]

235. Amend §§ 1948.83 and 1948.97 by removing "FmHA" and adding "RD" in its
place.
§ 1948.84 [Amended]

236. Amend § 1948.84 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

i. Paragraph (a);

ii. Paragraph (d) introductory text;

iii. Paragraphs (e) introductory text and (e)(1);

iv. Paragraph (f);

v. Paragraph (g);

vi. Paragraph (h) introductory text;

vii. Paragraph (i) introductory text; and

viii. Paragraphs (i)(14) and (i)(17).

b. In paragraph (b):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "The Rural Development office" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 District"
and adding "Rural Development District" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State" and
adding "the Rural Development State" in its place; and

iv. Removing "the time the AD-622" and adding "the time the Form AD-622" in its
place;

c. In paragraphs (d)(2) and (d)(8), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

d. In paragraph (d)(9), removing "Forms FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 400-1 and Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 400-4" and adding "Form RD 400-1 and Form RD 400-4" in its place;

e. In paragraph (i)(10), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 440-1" and adding "RD 1940-1" in its place;

f. In paragraph (i)(11), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

g. In paragraph (i)(12), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 400" and adding "RD 400-4" in its place; and

h. In paragraph (i)(13), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1948.89 [Amended]

237. Amend § 1948.89 by:

a. In the heading of the section and in paragraph (a) introductory text,
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(1):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State"
wherever it occurs and adding "the Rural Development State" in its place;

ii. Removing "Administrator, FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Under Secretary for Rural Development" in its place; and

iii. Removing "for FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "for Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(2), removing "Administrator" and adding "Under Secretary for
Rural Development" in its place;

d. In paragraph (a)(3), removing "Administrator, FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Under Secretary for Rural Development" in
its place; and

e. In paragraphs (a)(4), (a)(5), and (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1948.90 [Amended]

238. Amend § 1948.90 by:

a. In paragraphs (a) introductory text and (a)(1), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural
Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(2):

i. Removing "Administrator, FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Under Secretary for Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

iii. Removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "to Rural Development" in its place; and

iv. Removing "by the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by the Rural Development" in its place; and

c. In paragraphs (a)(3), (b)(2), (b)(3), and (b)(5), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural
Development" in its place.
§ 1948.92 [Amended]

239. Amend § 1948.92 by:

a. In paragraphs (a) and (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (c):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State" and
adding "Rural Development State" in its place;

ii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

c. In paragraphs (d) and (e), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 440-1" and adding "RD 1940-1" in its place;

d. In paragraph (f):

i. Removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Director of Information, Farmers Home Administration or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Director, Legislative and
Public Affairs Staff (LAPAS), in the Rural Development National Office" in its
place;

e. In paragraph (g)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

f. In paragraph (g)(4), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State" and adding "Rural
Development State" in its place;

g. In paragraph (g)(6), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 440-1" and adding "Form RD 1940-1" in its place and removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 National" and adding "Rural
Development National" in its place;

h. In paragraph (g)(7), removing "Director of Information in the FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 National Office" and adding "Director,
LAPAS, in the Rural Development National Office" in its place;

i. In paragraph (g)(10), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

j. In paragraph (g)(11):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State" and
adding "Rural Development State" in its place;

ii. Removing "Director, Legislative Affairs and Public Information Staff
(LAPIS)" and adding "Director, LAPAS" in its place;

iii. Removing "LAPIS" wherever it occurs and adding "LAPAS" in its place; and

iv. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1948.93 [Amended]

240. Amend § 1948.93 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place and by
removing "FmHA Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place.
§ 1948.94 [Amended]

241. Amend § 1948.94 by:

a. In paragraph (a) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in
its place; and

b. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA Instruction 402.1 (available in any FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office)" and adding "RD
Instruction 1902-A (available in any Rural Development office)" in its place and
removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"to Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1948.96 [Amended]

242. Amend § 1948.96 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "FmHA" and adding "RD" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
Part 1950 General
Subpart C Servicing Accounts of Borrowers Entering the Armed Forces

243. The authority citation for subpart C of part 1950 continues to read as
follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; and 42 U.S.C. 1480.
§ 1950.101 [Amended]

244. Amend § 1950.101 by removing "Farmers Home Administration or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 (FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354)" and adding "Rural Development" in its place and by removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 regulations" and adding "Rural
Development regulations" in its place.
§ 1950.102 [Amended]

245. Amend § 1950.102(a) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 will" and adding "Rural Development will" in its place and by
removing "policy FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "policy of Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1950.103 [Amended]

246. Amend § 1950.103 by:

a. In the section heading, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 loan" and adding "government loan" in its place and removing "borrower
and FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "borrower
and Rural Development" in its place; and

c. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place and removing "Address
or Name" and adding "Address, Name, Case Number, or Loan Number" in its place.
§ 1950.104 [Amended]

247. Amend § 1950.104 by:

a. In the section heading, introductory text, and paragraph (a), removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development"
in its place;

b. In paragraph (b) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (b)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

d. In paragraph (e), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1950.105 [Amended]

248. Amend § 1950.105(b) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
Part 1951 Servicing and Collections

249. The authority citation for part 1951 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1932 note; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 31 U.S.C. 3716; 42 U.S.C. 1480.

Subpart A--Account Servicing Policies
§ 1951.2
[Amended]

250. Amend § 1951.2 by removing "Farmers Home Administration or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 (FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354)" and adding "Agency" in its place.
§ 1951.3 [Amended]

251. Amend § 1951.3 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place.
§ 1951.7 [Amended]

252. Amend § 1951.7 by:

a. In paragraph (b)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (b)(4)(i), (c), and (d)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its
place;

c. In paragraph (e), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 borrowers will be maintained in the County Office on Forms FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 1905-1, FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 1905-5, FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 1905-10, "Management System Card-Association," as provided in FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction 1905-A (available in
any FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office)" and adding
"Agency borrowers will be maintained in the County Office as provided in RD
Instruction 1905-A(available in any Agency office)" in its place;

d. In paragraph (h) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place;

e. In paragraphs (h)(1) and (h)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place; and

f. In paragraph (h)(3):

i. Removing "Forms FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Forms RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "copy(ies) of Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "copy(ies) of Form RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "; a copy of Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 1951-58, "Basis for Loan Account Payment Application for Farmer Program
Loans;".
§ 1951.8 [Amended]

253. Amend § 1951.8(b)(3) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1951.9 [Amended]

254. Amend § 1951.9 by:

a. In the section heading, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

b. In the introductory text, removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(1) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place;

d. In paragraph (a)(1)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

e. In paragraphs (a)(1)(ii), (a)(1)(iii), (a)(1)(iv), (a)(2), and (b), removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and
adding "Agency" in its place.
§ 1951.10 [Amended]

255. Amend § 1951.10 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (a)(6), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Agency" in its place.
§ 1951.11 [Amended]

256. Amend § 1951.11 by:

a. In paragraph (d)(1)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

b. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1951.12 [Amended]

257. Amend § 1951.12 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 loan" and adding "Agency loan" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place; and

c. In paragraphs (c)(1) and (c)(2), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1951.14 [Amended]

258. Amend § 1951.14(b) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1951.25 [Amended]

259. Amend § 1951.25(b)(2)(ii) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.

260. Revise Exhibit A to subpart A of 7 CFR part 1951 to read as follows:
Exhibit A to Subpart A of Part 1951--Notice to Agency Borrowers

Agency borrowers with community program loan types made under the Consolidated
Farm and Rural Development Act may request a loan summary statement which shows
the calendar year account activity for each loan. Interested borrowers may
request these statements through their local Rural Development office.
Subpart D--Final Payment of Loans
§ 1951.153
[Amended]

261. Amend § 1951.153(b) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1951.154 [Amended]

262. Amend § 1951.154 by removing in paragraph (a) "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place and by removing in
paragraph (c) "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"RD" in its place.
§ 1951.155 [Amended]

263. Amend § 1951.155 by:

a. In paragraph (b):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "RD will" in its place;

ii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

b. In paragraph (c) introductory text and paragraph (c)(1), removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding
"RD" in its place;

c. In paragraph (c)(2):

i. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will"
wherever it occurs and adding "RD will" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 is" and
adding "RD is" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 can" and
adding "RD can" in its place;

d. In paragraph (g), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 may" and adding "RD may" in its place and removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD
Instruction" in its place; and

e. In paragraph (i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 will" and adding "RD will" in its place and removing "by FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "by RD" in its place.
Subpart E--Servicing of Community and Direct Business Programs Loans and Grants
§ 1951.201
[Amended]

264. Amend § 1951.201 by removing "loans for Grazing and other shift-in-land-use
projects;" and "Association Irrigation and Drainage loans;" and by removing "and
the Farm Service Agency" and adding "and the Rural Housing Service" in its
place.
§ 1951.202 [Amended]

265. Amend § 1951.202 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place and by removing "by
FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "by Rural
Development" in its place.
§ 1951.203 [Amended]

266. Amend § 1951.203(h) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1951.207 [Amended]

267. Amend § 1951.207 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§§ 1951.211, 1951.215, and 1951.216 [Amended]

268. Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and add "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1951.211;

b. Section 1951.215 introductory text and (a)(2); and

c. Section 1951.216.
§ 1951.220 [Amended]

269. Amend § 1951.220 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural
Development's" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

c. In paragraph (b) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

d. In paragraph (b)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

e. In paragraph (b)(2), removing "Forms FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 1951-9" and "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 1951-9" and adding "Form RD 1951-9" in their place;

f. In paragraph (b)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

g. In paragraph (c) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

h. In paragraph (c)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

i. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

j. In paragraph (e)(2)(v), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

k. In paragraph (f), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place and removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 as" and adding "Rural Development
as" in its place; and

l. In paragraphs (g) and (h)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1951.221 [Amended]

270. Amend § 1951.221 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(2) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (a)(2)(i)(A), (a)(2)(i)(B), and (a)(2)(i)(C), removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in
its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(3) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

d. In paragraph (a)(3)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1951.222 [Amended]

271. Amend § 1951.222 by:

a. In the introductory text and in paragraphs (a)(2), (a)(3), (a)(7), and
(a)(9), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherver
it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (c)(1) and (c)(3), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

c. In paragraph (c)(7), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

d. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place and removing "Form FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding
"Form RD" in its place.
§ 1951.223 [Amended]

272. Amend § 1951.223 by:

a. In paragraph (b)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

b. In paragraph (c)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's security" and adding "Rural Development's security" in its place and
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 approval" and
adding "Rural Development approval" in its place; and

c. In paragraphs (c)(3), (c)(4) introductory text, (c)(4)(i), (c)(4)(ii), and
(c)(4)(iv), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1951.224 [Amended]

273. Amend § 1951.224 by:

a. In paragraphs (a)(1)(iii), (a)(1)(v), and (a)(2)(v), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural
Development" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (b)(1) and (b)(2), removing "to FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "to Rural Development" in its place and
removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"Form RD" in its place;

c. In paragraph (b)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

d. In paragraph (b)(6), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 consent" and adding "Rural Development consent" in its place and
removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"Form RD" in its place;

e. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

f. In paragraph (e)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1951.225 [Amended]

274. Amend § 1951.225 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1951.226 [Amended]

275. Amend § 1951.226 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency underPublic Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

c. In paragraph (b)(4)(i), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

d. In paragraph (b)(4)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

e. In paragraph (b)(5)(i), removing "on FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "on Rural Development" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's advantage" and adding
"Rural Development's advantage" in its place;

f. In paragraphs (b)(5)(ii) and (b)(6), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

g. In paragraph (c)(1)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

h. In paragraphs (c)(1)(iv) through (vii), (c)(2)(i), and (c)(2)(ii), removing
"Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs
and adding "Form RD" in its place;

i. In paragraph (c)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

j. In paragraph (d)(1) "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "a Rural Development" in its place and removing "Form FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its
place;

k. In paragraph (d)(2) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

l. In paragraph (d)(2)(ii), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1951.227 [Amended]

276. Amend § 1951.227 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (c):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place.
§ 1951.230 [Amended]

277. Amend § 1951.230 by:

a. In paragraph (a) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's security" and adding "Rural Development's security" in its place and
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 program" and
adding "Rural Development program" in its place;

c. In paragraphs (a)(3), (a)(4), and (a)(6), removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

d. In paragraph (a)(7), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "to FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "to Rural Development" in
its place;

e. In paragraph (a)(8), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

f. In paragraph (a)(9), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 debt" and adding "Rural Development debt" in its place and removing
"Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs
and adding "Form RD" in its place;

g. In paragraph (a)(12), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

h. In paragraphs (b) introductory text and (b)(5), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place;

i. In paragraph (c) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

j. In paragraph (c)(1), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

k. In paragraph (c)(5), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

l. In paragraph (d) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

m. In paragraph (d)(1)(i):

i. Removing "non-FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
personnel" and adding "non-Rural Development personnel" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

n. In paragraph (d)(1)(ii), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

o. In paragraph (d)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

p. In paragraph (d)(5), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

q. In paragraphs (e)(1) and (e)(2)(ii), removing "Form FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

r. In paragraph (f)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" wherever it occurs and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

s. In paragraph (f)(5), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "approval by FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "approval by Rural
Development" in its place;

t. In paragraphs (f)(6), (f)(7)(i), and (f)(7)(ii), removing "Form FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

u. In paragraph (f)(8), removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "a Rural Development" in its place;

v. In paragraph (f)(9), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

w. In paragraph (f)(11), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

x. In paragraphs (f)(12) and (f)(14), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

y. In paragraph (f)(15), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agencyunder Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1951.231 [Amended]

278. Amend § 1951.231 by:

a. In paragraphs (a)(1)(i), (v), and (vii), removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its
place;

b. In paragraph (a)(1)(vi), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

c. In paragraphs (a)(2), (3), and (4), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place;

d. In paragraph (b)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

e. In paragraphs (c)(3) and (4), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place;

f. In paragraph (d) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place; and

g. In paragraph (d)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place and removing "debt to
FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "debt to Rural
Development" in its place.
§§ 1951.232, 1951.240, and 1951.241 [Amended]

279. Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1951.232;

b. Section 1951.240; and

c. Section 1951.241.
Subpart F--Analyzing Credit Needs and Graduation of Borrowers
§ 1951.264
[Amended]

280. Amend § 1951.264(a)(2) by removing "1951-F-5" and adding "1951-5" in its
place.
Exhibit B to Subpart F [Amended]

281. In Exhibit B to subpart F, paragraph 15, removing "Form FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and
removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"by Rural Development" in its place.
Subpart R--Rural Development Loan Servicing
§ 1951.851
[Amended]

282. Amend § 1951.851 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "Farmers Home Administration or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 (FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354)" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1951.852 [Amended]

283. Amend § 1951.852(a)(1), (a)(2), and (a)(9) by removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural
Development loan" in its place.
§§ 1951.866, 1951.883, and 1951.896 [Amended]

284. Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1951.866;

b. Section 1951.883; and

c. Section 1951.896.
§ 1951.881 [Amended]

285. Amend § 1951.881 by:

a. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (d):

i. Removing "by the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by the Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
Administrator" and adding "the Rural Development Under Secretary" in its place;
and

c. In paragraph (e)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1951.884 [Amended]

286. Amend § 1951.884 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1951.885 [Amended]

287. Amend § 1951.885 by:

a. In the introductory text and in paragraphs (a)(2), and (b), removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding
"Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (c):

i. Removing "expose FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "expose Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and
adding "Rural Development's" in its place; and

iii. Removing "which FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "which Rural Development" in its place; and

c. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1951.889 [Amended]

288. Amend § 1951.889 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

c. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

d. In paragraph (e), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 case nunber" and adding "Rural Development case number" in its place.
§ 1951.890 [Amended]

289. Amend § 1951.890 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "Rural Development will" in its place;

b. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

c. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

d. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 and" and
adding "Rural Development and" in its place; and

e. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 staff" and
adding "Rural Development staff" in its place.
§ 1951.891 [Amended]

290. Amend § 1951.891 by:

a. In paragraph (a) introductory text:

i. Removing "that FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law103-354" and
adding "that Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "Should the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "Should Rural Development" in its place;

iii. Removing "interests of FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "interests of Rural Development" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 may" and
adding "Rural Development may" in its place;

b. in paragraph (a)(2), removing "as FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "as Rural Development" in its place and removing "by the
FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "by Rural
Development" in its place; and

c. In paragraphs (a)(3), (e), and (f), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in
its place.
Part 1955 Property Management

291. The authority citation for part 1955 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 42 U.S.C. 1480.
Subpart A--Liquidation of Loans Secured by Real Estate and Acquisition of Real
and Chattel Property
§ 1955.2
[Amended]

292. Amend § 1955.2 by removing "property to FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "property to Rural Development" in its place and
removing "conveyance to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "conveyance to Rural Development and" in its place.
§ 1955.3 [Amended]

293. Amend § 1955.3 by:

a. In the definition of `CONACT or CONACT property', removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "the government" in its
place;

b. In the definition of `Government', removing "Farmers Home Administration or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 (FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354)," and adding "RBS, RHS, and RUS of the" in its place
and removing "used interchangeably herein with "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354."; and

c. In the definition of `Prior lien', removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 security" and adding "Rural Development security" in
its place and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's
`" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place.
§ 1955.5 [Amended]

294. Amend § 1955.5 by:

a. In paragraphs (a) and (c)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (d), removing "(available in any FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 office)" and removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1955.10 [Amended]

295. Amend § 1955.10 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

i. The introductory text;

ii. The heading of paragraph (c);

iii. Paragraph (f) introductory text;

iv. Paragraphs (f)(1) introductory text, (f)(1)(i)(A), (f)(1)(i)(B), (f)(1)(ii),
and (f)(1)(iii);

v. Paragraph (g)(1); and

vi. Paragraphs (h)(1), (h)(2), and (h)(5);

b. In paragraph (a)(2)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural
Development office" in its place;

c. In paragraph (c)(2):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 liens" and
adding "Rural Development liens" in its place;

ii. Removing "made by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "made by Rural Development" in its place;

iii. Removing "An FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
official" and adding "A Rural Development official" in its place;

d. In paragraphs (d)(1), (d)(2), and (d)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its
place;

e. In paragraph (e):

i. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "qualified FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "qualified Rural Development" in its place;

iii. Removing "outside FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "outside Rural Development" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

f. In paragraphs (h)(4)(i) and (h)(4)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its
place.
§§ 1955.11 and 1955.12 [Amended]

296. Amend §§ 1955.11 and 1955.12 by removing in their section headings and
wherever else it occurs "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1955.15 [Amended]

297. Amend § 1955.15 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

i. The introductory text;

ii. Paragraph (a)(2)(i);

iii. Paragraph (d)(2)(v);

iv. Paragraph (d)(3)(i)(A);

v. Paragraph (d)(6)(i) introductory text;

vi. Paragraphs (f)(1)(i)(C) and (D),

vii. Paragraphs (f)(5)(i)(A) and (B);

viii. Paragraph (f)(5)(ii); and

ix. Paragraphs (f)(7)(i) and (ii).

b. In paragraph (b) introductory text:

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

iv. Removing "Forms FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Forms RD" in its place; and

v. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loan
servicing" and adding "Rural Development loan servicing" in its place;

c. In paragraph (b)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency underPublic Law
103-354" and adding "the government" in its place;

d. In paragraph (d)(1):

i. Removing "whether FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "whether Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loan(s)" and
adding "Rural Development loan(s)" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's position"
and adding "Rural Development's position" in its place;

e. In paragraph (d)(2) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 Guide Letters" and adding "Guide Letters" in its place
and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office"
wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

f. In paragraphs (d)(4), (e)(2), and (f)(1)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

g. In paragraph (f)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural
Development office" in its place;

h. In paragraph (f)(4), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

i. In paragraph (f)(6):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" wherever
it occurs and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

ii. Removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 borrower"
and adding "a Rural Development borrower" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 debt" and
adding "Rural Development debt" in its place;

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 determines"
and adding "Rural Development determines" in its place;

v. Removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 appraiser"
and adding "a Rural Development appraiser" in its place;

vi. Removing "outside FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "outside Rural Development" in its place;

vii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

viii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office"
and adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

j. In paragraph (f)(7) introductory text, removing "an FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 employee" wherever it occurs and adding "a Rural
Development employee" in its place.
§ 1955.18 [Amended]

298. Amend § 1955.18 by:

a. In paragraph (e)(1) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (e)(1)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place.

c. In paragraph (e)(2) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

d. In paragraph (e)(2)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

e. In paragraph (e)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

f. In paragraph (e)(4) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1955.20 [Amended]

299. Amend § 1955.20 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(5), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

d. In paragraph (b) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

e. In paragraph (b)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

f. In paragraph (b)(2):

i. Removing "chattels to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "chattels to Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

g. In paragraph (b)(4), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

h. In paragraph (c)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

i. In paragraph (d):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "outside FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "outside Rural Development" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

j. In paragraph (f)(1) introductory text, removing "an FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "a Rural Development" in its place;

k. In paragraphs (f)(1)(ii), and (f)(2)(i), (ii), and (iii), removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in
its place;

l. In paragraph (f)(2)(v), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

m. In paragraph (g), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

n. In paragraph (h), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;
§ 1955.22 [Amended]

300. Amend § 1955.22 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 officials"
and adding "Rural Development officials" in its place;

b. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD instruction" in its place; and

c. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place.
Subpart B--Management of Property
§ 1955.52
[Amended]

301. Amend § 1955.52 by removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "by the respective Agency" in its place and by removing
"Generally, FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"Generally, RHS" in its place.
§ 1955.53 [Amended]

302. Amend § 1955.53 as follows:

a. In the definition of `CONACT or CONACT property', remove "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and add "the respective Agency" in
its place;

b. In the definition of `Custodial property', remove "an FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 loan" and add "a Rural Development loan" in its
place and remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loan has
taken" and add "the respective Agency has taken" in its place; and

c. In the definition of `Government', remove "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and add "the respective Agency" in its place.
§ 1955.55 [Amended]

303. Amend § 1955.55 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherevre it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

i. Paragraph (b) introductory text;

ii. Paragraph (b)(2) introductory text;

iii. Paragraphs (c) introductory text and (c)(1);

iv. Paragraphs (f)(2)(i) and (ii), and (f)(3);

b. In paragraph (b)(2)(iii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural
Development office" in its place; and

c. In paragraph (f) introductory text:

i. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "through FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "through Rural Development" in its place;

iii. Removing "if FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "if Rural Development" in its place;

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

v. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place.
§§ 1955.57, 1955.60, 1955.61, and 1955.82 [Amended]

304. Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1955.57;

b. Section 1955.60;

c. Section 1955.61; and

d. Section 1955.82.
§ 1955.62 [Amended]

305. Amend § 1955.62 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 lien" and adding "a Rural Development lien" in its place and
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 official" and
adding "Rural Development official" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (a)(1) and (a)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place;

c. In paragraph (b)(1)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

d. In paragraph (b)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural
Development office" in its place; and

e. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;
§ 1955.65 [Amended]

306. Amend § 1955.65 by:

a. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354";

b. In paragraph (c) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place
and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

c. In paragraph (c)(1):

i. Removing "which FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "which Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's approval"
and adding "Rural Development's approval" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

d. In paragraphs (c)(2)(i), (ii), and (iii), removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its
place and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
office" and adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

e. In paragraph (c)(4):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
wherever it occurs and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office" and adding "Rural
Development office" in their place.
§ 1955.72 [Amended]

307. Amend § 1955.72(a) and (b) by removing "(available in any FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office)".

308. Amend Exhibit A to subpart B of Part 1955 by revising the heading to read
as follows:
Exhibit A to Subpart B of Part 1955--Memorandum of Understanding Between the
Federal Emergency Management Agency and Rural Development

* * * * *
Subpart C--Disposal of Inventory Property
§ 1955.102
[Amended]

309. Amend § 1955.102 by removing "Farmers Home Administration or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354s (FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's)" and adding "the applicable" in its place.
§ 1955.103 [Amended]

310. Amend § 1955.103 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following definitions:

i. `Approval official';

ii. `Borrower';

iii. `Decent, safe, and sanitary (DSS) housing';

iv. `Eligible terms';

v. `Participating broker';

vi. `Program terms'; and

vii. `Regular sale';

b. In the definition of `CONACT or CONACT property', removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "the respective Agency" in
its place;

c. In the definitions of `Ineligible terms' and `Nonprogram (NP) terms',
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and adding
"Rural Development's" in its place;

d. In the definition of `Inventory property', removing "an FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 loan" and adding "a Rural Development loan" in
its place;

e. In the definition of `Nonprogram (NP) property', removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354"; and

f. Removing the definition of "Regular FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 sale", adding a definition for `Regular Agency sale' in alphabetical
order, and revising the definitions of `Suitable property' and `Surplus
property'. The revisions read as follows:
§ 1955.103 Definitions.

* * * * *

Regular Agency sale. Sale made by Rural Deveopment employees or real estate
brokers other than by sealed bid, auction, or negotiation.

* * * * *

Suitable property. Real property that could be used to carry out the objectives
of Rural Development's loan programs with financing provided through that
program.

Surplus property. Property that cannot be used to carry out the objectives of
financing available through the applicable loan program.
§§ 1955.104, 1955.112, 1955.113, 1955.121, 1955.128, 1955.132, 1955.134,
1955.136, and 1955.150 [Amended]

311. Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1955.104;

b. Section 1955.112;

c. Section 1955.113;

d. Section 1955.121;

e. Section 1955.128;

f. Section 1955.132;

g. Section 1955.134;

h. Section 1955.136(a)(2); and

i. Section 1955.150.
§ 1955.105 [Amended]

312. Amend § 1955.105 by:

a. In paragraph (b):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Services"
and adding "RD Services" in its place; and

b. In paragraphs (c) introductory text, (c)(1), (c)(3), and (d), removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development"
in its place.
§ 1955.109 [Amended]

313. Amend § 1955.109 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing the second and third sentences; and

b. In paragraphs (g) and (j), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1955.114 [Amended]

314. Amend § 1955.114 by:

a. In paragraphs (a) introductory text and (a)(1)(v), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place;

b. In paragraph (a)(2), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "unless FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "unless Rural Development"
in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(3)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural
Development office" in its place;

d. In paragraph (a)(4), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding Rural Development" in its place

e. In paragraph (b):

i. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 employee"
and adding "Rural Development employee" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

f. In paragraphs (c) introductroy text and (d), removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1955.115 [Amended]

315. Amend § 1955.115 by:

a. In the introductory text:

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 DSS" and
adding "Rural Development DSS" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-35" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(2):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "Rural Development will" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

d. In paragraphs (a)(3), and (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-35" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1955.116 [Amended]

316. Amend § 1955.116 by:

a. In paragraph (a):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "which FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 has"
and adding "which Rural Development has" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Contact FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "Contact Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place;

c. In paragraph (c):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "through Farmers Home Administration or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "through Rural Development" in its place; and

iii. Removing "the Farmers Home Administration or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its
place; and

d. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1955.117 [Amended]

317. Amend § 1955.117 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 sales" and adding "Rural
Development sales" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b), removing "The FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

d. In paragraphs (e) and (f), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1955.118 [Amended]

318. Amend § 1955.118 by:

a. In paragraphs (b)(1) and (b)(11), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b)(5), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural
Development office" in its place; and

c. In paragraphs (b)(7) and (b)(8)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1955.119 [Amended]

319. Amend § 1955.119 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 will" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development will" in its
place and removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "Form RD" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (c):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "Rural Development will" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 determines"
and adding "Rural Development determines" in its place;

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and
adding "Rural Development's" in its place.
§ 1955.120 [Amended]

320. Amend § 1955.120 by:

a. Removing "non-FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "non-Rural Development" in its place;

b. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever
it occurs and adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

c. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

d. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 official" and
adding "Rural Development official'' in its place.
§ 1955.122 [Amended]

321. Amend § 1955.122 by:

a. In paragraph (a):

i. Removing "of the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "of the Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Form" and
adding "Rural Development Form" in its place; and

iv. Removing "in FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "in Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b), removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "by Rural Development" in its place and removing "Form FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its
place;

c. In paragraph (c)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

d. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural
Development office" in its place; and

e. In paragraph (f), removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "to Rural Development" in its place;

f. In the undesignated paragraph following paragraph (f):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place.

322. Revise § 1955.123(a) to read as follows:
§ 1955.123 Sale procedures (chattel).

(a) Credit sales. Although cash sales are preferred in the sale of chattel,
credit sales may be used advantageously in the sale of chattels to eligible
purchasers and to facilitate sales of high-priced chattels. Credit sales to
eligible purchasers will be in accordance with the provisions of this chapter
for the appropriate program for which a loan would otherwise be made including
eligibility determinations. Preference will be given to a cash offer that is at
least * percent of the higher offer requiring credit. [*Refer to exhibit B of RD
Instruction 440.1 (available in any Rural Development office) for the current
percentage.] Credit sales made to ineligible purchasers will require not less
than a 10 percent downpayment with the remaining balance amortized over a period
not to exceed 5 years. The interest rate for ineligible purchasers of C&BP
chattel will be the current ineligible interest rate for C&BP property set forth
in Exhibit B of RD Instruction 440.1 (available in any Rural Development
office). District Directors and State Directors are authorized to approve or
disapprove sale of C&BP chattel on ineligible terms in accordance with the
respective type of program approval authorities in Exhibit E of Subpart A of
Part 1901 of this chapter (available in any Rural Development office). For other
than C&BP, credit sales to NP purchasers will be handled in accordance with
Subpart J of Part 1951 of this chapter.

* * * * *
§ 1955.124 [Amended]

323. Amend §§ 1955.124 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1955.127 [Amended]

324. Amend § 1955.127 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and by removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural
Development office" in its place.
§ 1955.130 [Amended]

325. Amend § 1955.130 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural
Development office" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and "Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(2), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" wherever it occurs and adding
"Rural Development office" in its place;

d. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place;

e. In paragraph (c) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

f. In paragraph (e) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and "Rural Development" in its
place;

g. In paragraph (e)(1)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.

h. In paragraph (f)(1)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

i. In paragraph (f)(3):

i. Removing "receiving FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "receiving Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "appropriate FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "appropriate Rural Development" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

j. In paragraph (g), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 shall" and adding "Rural Development shall" in its place and removing
"Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs
and adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1955.131 [Amended]

326. Amend § 1955.131 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural
Development office" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (b):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 may not" and
adding "Rural Development may not" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 official"
and adding "Rural Development official" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1955.133 [Amended]

327. Amend § 1955.133 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "if FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "if Rural Development" in its place and removing "Form FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its
place; and

b. In paragraphs (b) and (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1955.135 [Amended]

328. Amend § 1955.135 by:

a. In the introductory text:

i. Removing "Where FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Where Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "between FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "between Rural Development" in its place;

iii. Removing "Forms FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
1955-45 or FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"Forms RD 1955-45 or RD" in its place;

iv. Removing "paid by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "paid by Rural Development" in its place; and

v. Removing "proceeds FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "proceeds Rural Development" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (a), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 credit" and adding "Rural Development credit" in its place and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural
Development's" in its place.
§ 1955.138 [Amended]

329. Amend § 1955.138 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place.
§ 1955.139 [Amended]

330. Amend § 1955.139 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(3)(iii), removing "the FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(3)(iv), removing "the FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its
place; and

c. In paragraphs (a)(3)(v) and (vi), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1955.144 [Amended]

331. Amend § 1955.144(b) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and "the Farmers Home Administration or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in their place.
§ 1955.146 [Amended]

332. Amend § 1955.146(a) by:

a. Removing "sold by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "sold by Rural Development" in its place;

b. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
wherever it occurs and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

c. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office"
wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

d. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

e. Removing "Forms FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 1955-40
or FmHA or itssuccessor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Forms RD
1955-40 or RD" in its place;

f. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 personnel"
and adding "Rural Development personnel" in its place; and

g. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 may contract"
and adding "Rural Development may contract" in its place.
§ 1955.147 [Amended]

333. Amend § 1955.147 by:

a. In the introductory text:

i. Removing "all FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "all Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will"
wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development will" in its place;

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

iv. Removing "payable to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "payable to Rural Development" in its place; and

v. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural
Development office" in its place; and

d. In paragraphs (d) and (e), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its
place.
Part 1956 Debt Settlement

334. The authority citation for part 1956 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 31 U.S.C. 3711; 42 U.S.C. 1480.
Subpart C--Debt Settlement--Community and Business Programs
§ 1956.102
[Amended]

335. Amend § 1956.102(a) by removing "the Farmers Home Administration or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 (FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354)" and adding "the government" in its place and removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 personnel" and adding "Rural
Development personnel" in their place.

336. Revise § 1956.105(a), (f), (g), and (h) to read as follows:
§ 1956.105 Definitions.

(a) Settlement. The compromise, adjustment, cancellation, or chargeoff of a debt
owed to Rural Development. The term "settlement" is used for convenience in
referring to compromise, adjustment, cancellation, or chargeoff actions,
individually or collectively.

* * * * *

(f) Debtor. The borrower of loan funds under any of Rural Development programs
specified in § 1956.101.

(g) Security. All that serves as collateral for Rural Development loan(s),
including, but not limited to, revenues, tax levies, municipal bonds, and real
and chattel property.

(h) Servicing official. The Rural Development official who is primarily
responsible for servicing the account.

* * * * *
§§ 1956.109, 1956.110, 1956.130, 1956.138, 1956.142, and 1956.148 [Amended]

337. Remove "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "RD" in its place in the following places:

a. Section 1956.109(f);

b. Section 1956.110;

c. Section 1956.130;

d. Section 1956.138;

e. Section 1956.142(f); and

f. Section 1956.148.
§ 1956.111 [Amended]

338. Amend § 1956.111 introductory text and paragraph (a) by removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in
its place.
§ 1956.112 [Amended]

339. Amend § 1956.112(d) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1956.139 [Amended]

340. Amend § 1956.139 by:

a. In paragraph (d) introductory text:

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "Compromise Offer--FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Compromise Offer--Rural Development" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Adjustment Offer--FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Adjustment Offer--Rural Development" in its place; and

b. In paragraphs (d)(1) and (e), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1956.143 [Amended]

341. Amend § 1956.143 by:

a. In paragraph (a),

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following definitions:

A. `Debt writedown';

B. `Delinquent debtor';

C. `Eligibility'; and

D. `Operations review'; and

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and
adding "Rural Development's" in its place in the definition of `Net recovery
value';

b. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office"
wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Devleopment office" in its place in the
following places:

i. Paragraph (b) introductory text;

ii. Paragraphs (c)(1), (c)(3)(ii)(B), and (c)(3)(iv)(E)(1);

iii. Paragraphs (e)(1) introductory text, (e)(1)(iii), (e)(2) introductory text,
and (e)(2)(ii)(A);

iv. Paragraphs (f)(1) and (2);

v. Paragraph (g)(1) introductory text; and

vi. Paragraph (h).

c. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

i. Paragraphs (b)(3), (b)(6), and (b)(8);

ii. Paragraphs (c)(3)(i)(A) and (c)(3)(ii)(C);

iii. Paragraphs (e)(1)(i), (e)(2)(i), and (e)(2)(ii)(B); and

iv. Paragraph (g)(1)(ii);

d. In paragraphs (b)(7) and (c)(3)(iv)(B), removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its
place;

e. In paragraph (c)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing "to
FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "to Rural
Development" in its place;

f. In paragraphs (c)(3)(ii)(B) and (c)(3)(iv)(B)(1), removing "FmHA or
itssuccessor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD
Instruction" in its place;

g. In paragraph (c)(3)(iv)(G)(2), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 approval" and adding "Rural
Development approval" in its place;

h. In paragraphs (d)(2), (f)(2), and (g)(3), removing "Form FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

i. In paragraph (e)(1)(ii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354's approval" and adding "Rural Development's approval" in its place
and removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

j. In paragraph (e)(2)(ii)(A):

i. Removing "pay FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "pay Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "inform FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "inform Rural Development" in its place; and

iii. Removing "pay off FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "pay off Rural Development" in its place;

k. In paragraph (f)(1):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and adding
"Rural Development's" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 is" and
adding "Rural Development is" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

l. In paragraph (g)(1) introductory text:

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 becomes" and
adding "Rural Development becomes" in its place; and

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "Rural Development will" in its place; and

m. In paragraph (h), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 determines" and adding "Rural Development determines" in its place.

342. Revise § 1956.145 to read as follows:
§ 1956.145 Disposition of essential Rural Development records.

RD Instruction 2033-A (available in any Rural Development office) identifies an
"essential Rural Development record" as the original of any document or record
which provides evidence of indebtedness or obligation to RD and includes, but is
not limited to: promissory notes, assumption agreements and valuable documents,
such as bonds fully registered as to principal and interest.

(a) Essential Rural Development records evidencing debts settled by compromise,
completed adjustment or cancelled with application will be returned to the
debtor or to the debtors' legal representative. The appropriate legend, such as
"Satisfied by Approved Compromise," and the date of the final action will be
stamped or typed on the original document. This same information plus the date
the original document is returned to the debtor will be shown on a copy to be
placed in the debtor's case folder.

(b) Essential Rural Development records evidencing debts cancelled without
application will be placed in the debtor's case folder and disposed of pursuant
to RD Instruction 2033-A (available in any Rural Development office). However,
if the debtor requests the document(s), they must be stamped "Satisfied by
Approved Cancellation" and returned.

(c) Essential Rural Development records evidencing charged off debts will be
retained in the servicing office and will not be stamped or returned to the
debtor. They will be destroyed six years after chargeoff pursuant to RD
Instruction 2033-A (available in any Rural Development office).
§ 1956.147 [Amended]

343. Amend § 1956.147 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(1), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(4), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354";

c. In paragraph (b), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "owed FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "owed Rural Development"
in its place; and

d. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
Part 1957 Asset Sales

344. The authority citation for part 1957 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

Pub. L. 99-509, sec 2001(b)(1).
Subpart A--Rural Housing Asset Sales
§ 1957.1 [Amended]

345. Amend § 1957.1 by:

a. Removing "Farmers Home Administration or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Housing Service (RHS)" in its place;

b. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "RHS" in its place; and

c. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and adding
"RHS's" in its place.
§§ 1957.2 and 1957.6 [Amended]

346. Amend §§ 1957.2 and 1957.6 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RHS" in its place.
Part 1962 Personal Property

347. The authority citation for part 1962 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989; 42 U.S.C. 1480.
Subpart A--Servicing and Liquidation of Chattel Security
§ 1962.1
[Amended]

348. Amend § 1962.1 by removing "Farmers Home Administration or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354 (FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354)" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1962.2 [Amended]

349. Amend § 1962.2 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1962.3 [Amended]

350. Amend § 1962.3 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1962.4 [Amended]

351. Amend § 1962.4 by:

a. In the definition of `Acquired chattel property,' removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "the government" in its
place;

b. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "RuralDevelopment" in its place in the following definitions:

i. `Basic security';

ii. `Criminal action';

iii. 'Default'; and

iv. `Liquidation'.

c. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and adding
"Rural Development's" in its place in the following definitions:

i. `Civil action' and

ii. `Repossed property'.

d. Removing "Farmers Home Administration or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in
the definition of `Normal income security'.
§§ 1962.6, 1962.16, 1962.26, 1962.27, 1962.34, 1962.41, 1962.44, and 1962.46
[Amended]

352. Remove "Form FmHA" and "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever they occur and adding "Form RD" in their place in the
following places:

a. Section 1962.6;

b. Section 1962.16;

c. Section 1962.26;

d. Section 1962.27(c) introductory text and (d);

e. Section 1962.34(b)(3);

f. Section 1962.41;

g. Section 1962.44; and

h. Section 1962.46.
§ 1962.8 [Amended]

353. Amend § 1962.8 by removing "protect FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "protect Rural Development" in its place and by
removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"a Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1962.17 [Amended]

354. Amend § 1962.17 by removing "Form FmHA" wherever it occurs and adding "Form
RD" in its place and by removing "The FmHA has" in paragraph (d)(2)(ii) and
adding "Rural Development has" in its place.
§ 1962.18 [Amended]

355. Amend § 1962.18 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 1962.1" and adding "the applicable Agency form" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (b)(1), by:

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 1962-1"
and adding "the applicable Agency form" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 431-2" and
adding "RD 431-2" in its place; and

iii. Removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "to Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1962.19 [Amended]

356. Amend § 1962.19 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(1)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

d. In paragraph (b)(1)(iii), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 holds" and adding "Rural Development holds" in its place and
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and adding
"Rural Development's" in its place; and

e. In paragraph (b)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1962.27 [Amended]

357. Amend § 1962.27 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(4), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 has" and adding "Rural Development has" in its place and removing
"borrower non FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"borrower nor Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (c)(1) and (c)(2) "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place; and

d. In paragraph (e), removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "to Rural Development" in its place and removing "Form FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding
"Form RD" in its place.
§ 1962.29 [Amended]

358. Amend § 1962.29 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(1):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "accepted by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "accepted by Rural Development" in its place; and

iii. Removing "paid by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354,
the County Supervisor may pay them as a petty purchase or as the bill of a
creditor of FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 in accordance
with FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instructions 2024-E,
copies of which are available in any FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 office." and adding "paid by Rural Development, the field office may
pay them in accordance to RD Instruction 2024-A, Exhibit D, Program Loan Cost
Expenses." in its place;

b. In paragraphs (a)(2) and (a)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its
place;

c. In paragraph (b) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place
and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

d. In paragraph (b)(4), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place.
§ 1962.34 [Amended]

359. Amend § 1962.34 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural Development office" in its place and
removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 410-1,
"Application for FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
Services," and adding "Form RD 410-1, "Application for RD Services," in its
place;

b. In paragraph (a)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (a)(2):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354office" and
adding "RD office" in its place; and
§ 1962.40 [Amended]

360. Amend § 1962.40(e)(1)(ii) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place.
§ 1962.41 [Amended]

361. Amend § 1962.41 by removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and "Form FmHA" wherever they occur and adding "Form RD" in their
place.
§ 1962.42 [Amended]

362. Amend § 1962.42 by:

a. In paragraphs (b)(2) and (b)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354";

b. In paragraph (c) introductory text, removing "by FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "by Rural Development" in its place and
removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever
it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

c. In paragraph (c)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 employee" and adding "Rural Development employee" in its place;

d. In paragraph (c)(3), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place, and removing
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" wherever it occurs
and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

e. In paragraphs (c)(4)(ii) and (c)(6)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

f. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "RD" in its place in the following places:

i. Paragraphs (c)(5)(i) introductory text, (c)(5)(i)(A), (c)(5)(i)(B), and
(c)(5)(ii);

ii. Paragraph (c)(6)(ii) introductory text;

iii. Paragraph (c)(6)(ii)(A); and

iv. Paragraph (c)(7);

g. In paragraph (c)(8):

i. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

iii. Removing "and FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "and Rural Development" in its place; and

h. In paragraph (d), removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "a Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1962.45 [Amended]

363. Amend § 1962.45 by removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and by removing "by FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "by Rural Development" in
its place.
§ 1962.49 [Amended]

364. Amend § 1962.49 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

i. The introductory text;

ii. Paragraphs (b)(1)(v), (b)(2)(i), and (b)(2)(ii);

iii. Paragraphs (b)(3) introductory text and (b)(3)(i) through (b)(3)(iv);

iv. Paragraph (c) introductory text; and

v. Paragraphs (e)(2) introductory text, (e)(2)(i), and (e)(3) introductory text;

b. In paragraph (a):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 staff" and
adding "Rural Development staff" in its place;

c. In paragraph (b) introductory text:

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and adding
"Rural Development's" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "interests of FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "interests of Rural Development" in its place;

e. In paragraph (b)(1)(vi), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

f. In paragraph (c)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place and removing "wh=n
applicable" and adding "when applicable" in its place;

g. In paragraph (c)(3)(i):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 455-1" and
adding "RD 455-1" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 455-2" and
adding "RD 455-2" in its place;

iii. Removing "Forms FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 employee"
and adding "Rural Development employee" in its place; and

v. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 employees"
and adding "Rural Development employees" in its place;

h. In paragraphs (c)(3)(ii) introductory text and (e)(2)(ii), removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding
"RD" in its place;

i. In paragraph (c)(3)(ii)(A), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place and
removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"by Rural Development" in its place;

j. In paragraph (c)(3)(ii)(B), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

k. In paragraph (d), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 field office" wherever it occurs and
adding "Rural Development field office" in its place;

l. In paragraph (e) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354 1951-9, Annual "Statement of Loan Account," and adding
"RD 1951-9, "Annual Statement of Loan Account," in its place; and

m. In paragraph (e)(1), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 field office" wherever it occurs and
adding "Rural Development field office" in its place.
Part 1980 General

365. The authority citation for part 1980 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989.

Subpart E also issued under 7 U.S.C. 1932(a).
Subpart E--Business and Industrial Loan Program
§ 1980.401
[Amended]

366. Amend § 1980.401(d) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.

367. Revise § 1980.405 to read as follows:
§ 1980.405 Rural areas.

The business financed with a B&I loan must be located in a rural area. Loans to
borrowers with facilities located in both rural and non-rural areas will be
limited to the amount necessary to finance the facility located in the eligible
rural area. Cooperatives that are headquartered in a non-rural area may be
eligible for a B&I loan if the loan is used for a project or venture that is
located in a rural area. Rural areas are any areas other than a city or town
that has a population of greater than 50,000 inhabitants; and the urbanized area
contiguous and adjacent to such a city or town, as defined by the U.S. Bureau of
the Census. For the purpose of this section:

(a) The population figure is obtained from the most recent decennial Census of
the United States (decennial Census). If the applicable population figure cannot
be obtained from the most recent decennial Census, RD will determine the
applicable population figure based on available population data; and

(b) An urbanized area means a densely populated territory as defined in the most
recent decennial Census or other Agency-accepted data source if not defined in
the most recent decennial Census.
§ 1980.411 [Amended]

368. Amend § 1980.411 by:

a. In paragraphs (a)(7) and (a)(11) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural
Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(12):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever
it occurs and adding "to Rural Development" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State" and
adding "Rural Development State" in its place; and

c. In paragraph (a)(13), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1980.412 [Amended]

369. Amend § 1980.412 by removing in the Administrative text at the end of the
section "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354".
§ 1980.413 [Amended]

370. Amend § 1980.413(a) introductory text by removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "the Agency" in its place.
§ 1980.414 [Amended]

371. Amend § 1980.414 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing "to FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "to
Rural Development" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (b), removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "to Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1980.419 [Amended]

372. Amend § 1980.419 by removing from paragraph C. of the Admnistrative text
"FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 National Office" and
adding "Rural Development National Office" in its place and by removing "Form
FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in
its place.
§ 1980.420 [Amended]

373. Amend § 1980.420 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

b. In paragraph (d) introductory text:

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 informs" and
adding "Rural Development informs" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 determines"
and adding "Rural Development determines" in its place.
§ 1980.423 [Amended]

374. Amend § 1980.423 by:

a. In paragraphs (a) introductory text and (a)(2), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural
Development review" in its place;

b. In paragraph (a)(3), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 conditional Commitment For Guarantee," and adding "Form RD 449-14,
"Conditional Commitment for Guarantee," in its place and removing "Form FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 449-14" and adding "Form RD
449-14" in its place;

c. In paragraphs (a)(5), (a)(6) introductory text, and (b)(1), removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding
"Rural Development review" in its place;

d. In paragraph (b)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Instruction" and adding "RD Instruction" in its place and removing "FmHA
or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office" and adding "Rural
Development office" in its place; and

e. In the Administrative text at the end of the section, removing "Form FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place
and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loan" and
adding "Rural Development loan" in its place.
§ 1980.424 [Amended]

375. Amend § 1980.424 by:

a. In paragraphs (a) and (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (b) and (c), removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "a Rural Development" in its place; and

c. In the Administrative text at the end of the section, in its introductory
text and paragraphs A.3 and 5, B.2 and 4, and C, removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its
place.
§§ 1980.432 and 1980.433 [Amended]

376. Amend §§ 1980.432 and 1980.433 by removing in the Administrative text at
the end of the sections "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1980.434 [Amended]

377. Amend § 1980.434 by removing in the Administrative text at the end of the
section "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Official" and
adding "Rural Development official" in its place.
§ 1980.442 [Amended]

378. Amend § 1980.442 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "and Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1980.443 [Amended]

379. Amend § 1980.443 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place in the following places:

i. In paragraphs (a)(1), (a)(4)(i) introductory text, (a)(4)(i)(A)(4),
(a)(4)(i)(B), (a)(4)(i)(C), and (a)(4)(ii); and

ii. In paragraphs (b)(1), (b)(2) introductory text, (b)(2)(i), (b)(5), (b)(6),
and (b)(7)(iii); and

b. In the Administrative text at the end of the section:

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" from
paragraph A introductory text and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 at its" from
paragraph A.3 and adding "Rural Development at its" in its place; and

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 official"
from paragraph A.3 and adding "Rural Development official" in its place.
§ 1980.444 [Amended]

380. Amend § 1980.444(b) and (e) by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1980.451 [Amended]

381. Amend § 1980.451 by:

a. In paragraph (a), removing "desiring FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 assistance" and adding "desiring assistance" in its place;
and removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State" and
adding "Rural Development State" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

iii. Removing "between FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "between Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (c):

i. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" and
adding "Rural Development office" in its place; and

iv. Removing "SBA and FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "the Small Business Administration and the U.S. Department of Agriculture
Rural Development (Business and Industrial Loans)" in its place;

d. In paragraphs (d) introductory text, (d)(1), (d)(3) introductory text,
(d)(3)(iii) introductory text, and (d)(3)(iv)(A), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural
Development" in its place;

e. In paragraph (d)(3)(v):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354-assisted" and
adding "Rural Development-assisted" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 loans" and
adding "Rural Development loans" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 funds" and
adding "Rural Development funds" in its place; and

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will
consider" and adding "Rural Development will consider" in its place;

f. Revising paragraph (d)(3)(vi);

g. In paragraph (e) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

h. In paragraph (f)(2), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;

i. In paragraph (f)(3):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 449-4"
wherever it occurs and adding "RD 449-4" in its place;

ii. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "by Rural Development" in its place; and

iii. Removing "result in FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's" and adding "result in Rural Development" in its place;

j. In paragraph (g), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place, and
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and adding
"Rural Development's" in its place;

k. In paragraph (h), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 will submit Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
449-22" and adding "Rural Development will submit Form RD 449-22" in its place;

l. In paragraphs (i)(1), (i)(2), (i)(3), and (i)(10), removing "Form FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form
RD" in its place;

m. In paragraphs (i)(7), (i)(9), (i)(13)(viii), (i)(13)(x), and (i)(15),
removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"Rural Development" in its place;

n. In paragraph (i)(13) introductory text, removing "FmHA" wherever it occurs
and adding "RD" in its place;

o. In paragraph (i)(18)(i), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 solicits" and adding "Rural Development solicits" in its place and
removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"Form RD" in its place;

p. In paragraph (i)(18)(ii):

i. Removing "If FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "If Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "Rural Development will" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

q. In paragraph (i)(19), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

r. In paragraphs (j) and (k), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

s. In the Administrative text at the end of the section:

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs in paragraphs A.3 through 5, A.6(a) through (c), and B.3(b)
and (c), and adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 with" in
paragraphs A.3 and 4 and adding "Rural Development with" in its place;

iii. Removing "whom FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph A.4 and adding "whom Rural Development" in its place;

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
wherever it occurs inparagraphs A.5 and B.5 and adding "RD Instruction" in its
place;

v. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 449-4" in
paragraph A.6(c) and the note to paragraph A.6 and adding "RD 449-4" in its
place;

vi. Removing "Forms FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
the note to paragraph A.6 and adding "Forms RD" in its place;

vii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
449-29, "Project Summary--Business Industrial Loan Division," in paragraph
B.3.(b) and adding "A Project Summary" in its place;

viii. Removing "Copy of FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
in paragraph B.3.(d) and adding "Copy of Rural Development" in its place;

ix. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" in
paragraph B.5 and adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

x. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 employees" in
paragraph B.5 and adding "Rural Development employees" in its place;

xi. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" in
paragraph B.5 and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

xii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 position"
in paragraph B.5 and adding "Rural Development position" in its place;

xiii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 urges" in
paragraph B.6 and adding "Rural Development urges" in its place;

xiv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 audit" in
paragraph B.6 and adding "Rural Development audit" in its place;

xv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it
occurs in the Description of Record or Form Number and Title table at the end of
the Administrative text section and adding "RD" in its place; and

xvi. Removing "449-29" in the Description of Record or Form Number and Title
table at the end of the Administrative text section and adding "449-29
(obsolete)" in its place.

The revision reads as follows:
§ 1980.451 Filing and processing applications.

* * * * *

(d) * * *

(3) * * *

(vi) Indexation. When current annual data are not available to determine a
State's nonmetropolitan household income for purposes of the calculations
described in paragraph (d)(3)(iii) of this section, indexation of census data is
necessary. The State Director will use the figure from the 5-year data from the
American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other Census Bureau data,
increased by a factor representing the increase since the year of that census in
the Consumer Price Index ("CPI-U"). That factor shall be furnished annually by
the National Office, Rural Development.

* * * * *
§ 1980.452 [Amended]

382. Amend § 1980.452 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 evaluation"
from the section heading and adding "Rural Development evaluation" in its place;

b. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will"
wherever it occurs in the introductory text and adding "Rural Development will"
in its place;

c. Removing "If FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever
it occurs in the introductory text and adding "If Rural Development" in its
place;

d. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs in the introductory text and adding "Form RD" in its place;

e. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State" in the
introductory text, and adding "Rural Development State" in its place; and

f. In the Administrative text at the end of the section:

i. Removing "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State" in
paragraph D. introductory text, and adding "a Rural Development State" in its
place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs in paragraphs D. introductory text, D.6 introductory text,
D.6.a, b, and d, and d.7, and adding "Form RD" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 employees"
in paragraph D. introductory text and adding "Rural Development employees" in
its place;

iv. Removing "non-FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph D.2 and adding "non-Rural Development" in its place;

v. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
in paragraphs D.2 and D.6.d and e, and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

vi. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office" in
paragraphs D.2 and D.6.d and e, and "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 office" and adding "Rural Development office" in their place;

vii. Removing "the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State"
in paragraphs D. introductory text and D.3 and adding "the Rural Development
State" in its place;

viii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 programs"
wherever it occurs in paragraph D.3 and adding "Rural Development programs" in
its place;

ix. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 as a" in
paragraph D.3 and adding "Rural Development as a" in its place;

x. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 case" in
paragraph D.6 introductory text and adding "Rural Development case" in its
place; and

xi. Removing "Legislative Affairs and Public Information staff in the National
Office" in paragraph D.6.d and adding "Legislative and Public Affairs Staff in
the Rural Development National Office" in its place.
§ 1980.453 [Amended]

383. Amend § 1980.453 by:

a. In paragraph (a):

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State" and
adding "Rural Development State" in its place; and

iii. Removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "to Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

c. In the Administrative text at the end of the section:

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 449-29"
and adding "the Project Summary" in its place; and

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

iii. Removing "2. A copy of FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 State Loan Review BoardMinutes" and adding "3. A copy of Rural
Development State Loan Review Board Minutes" in its place.
§ 1980.454 [Amended]

384. Amend § 1980.454 by:

a. In paragraph (a):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 State" and
adding "Rural Development State" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

iii. Removing "provide FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "provide Rural Development" in its place; and

iv. Removing "approved by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "approved by Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "Rural Development will" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place; and

iii. Removing "approved by the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 National Office" and adding "approved by the National Office" in its
place;

c. In paragraph (c), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing
"intent of FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"intent of Rural Development" in its place;

d. In paragraphs (e) and (f), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its
place; and

e. In the Administrative text at the end of the section:

i. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place;

ii. Removing "Inspection Reports" in paragraph A.2 and adding "Inspection
Report" in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 personnel"
in paragraph C. and adding "Rural Development personnel" in its place; and

iv. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph F. and adding "by Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1980.469 [Amended]

385. Amend § 1980.469 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 of" and adding "Rural Development (RD) of" in its place and removing
"Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form
RD" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (a)(1), (c) introductory text, and (c)(1), removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in
its place; and

c. In the Administrative text at the end of the section:

i. Removing "Refer to appendix G of this subpart (available in any FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office)" in the introductory text and
adding "Refer to RD Instruction 1980-E, Appendix G, Liquidation and Property
Management Guide (available in any RD office)" in its place;

ii. Removing "which FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph B.1 and adding "which Rural Development" in its place;

iii. Removing "approved by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" in paragraph B.1 and adding "approved by Rural Development" in its
place;

iv. Removing "the time FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs in paragraphs B.2 and C.4 and adding "the time Rural
Development" in its place;

v. Removing "occurs FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph B.2 and adding "occurs Rural Development" in its place;

vi. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
in paragraph B.3 and adding "RD Instruction" in its place;

vii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 office" in
paragraph B.3 and adding "Rural Development office" in its place;

viii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 staff" in
paragraph B.3 and adding "Rural Development staff" in its place;

ix. Removing "If FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraphs B.3 and 5 and adding "If Rural Development" in its place;

x. Removing "claim to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs in paragraphs B.3 and 4 and adding "claim to Rural
Development" in its place;

xi. Removing "guaranteed by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" in paragraph B.3 and adding "guaranteed by Rural Development" in its
place;

xii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 was
deceived" in paragraph B.6 and adding "Rural Development was deceived" in its
place;

xiii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 could
then" in paragraph B.7 and adding "Rural Development could then" in its place;

xiv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 personnel"
in paragraph C.2 and adding "Rural Development personnel" in its place;

xv. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraphs C.3.(d) and C.4 and adding "Form RD" in its place;

xvi. Removing "noted by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
in paragraph C.4 and adding "noted by Rural Development" in its place;

xvii. Removing "statements for FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" in paragraph C.5 and adding "statements for Rural Development" in its
place;

xviii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 in turn"
in paragraph C.5 and adding "Rural Development in turn" in its place;

xix. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" in
paragraph C.5 and adding "Rural Development's" in its place; and

xx. Removing "borrower and FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" in paragraph C.6 and adding "borrower, and Rural Development" in its
place.
§ 1980.470 [Amended]

386. Amend the Administrative text at the end of § 1980.470 by:

a. Removing "Refer to appendix G of this subpart (available in any FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office)" from the introductory text
and adding "Refer to RD Instruction 1980-E, Appendix G, Liquidation and Property
Management Guide (available in any Rural Development office)" in its place;

b. Removing "by the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph A. and adding "by the Rural Development" in its place;

c. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph A. and adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

d. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraphs B. and D. and adding "Form RD" in its place;

e. Removing "risks of the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
in paragraph B. and adding "risks of Rural Development" in its place;

f. Removing "the lender and FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" in paragraph B. and adding "the lender and Rural Development" in its
place;

g. Removing "when FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph D. and adding "when Rural Development" in its place;

h. Removing "will FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 endorse"
in paragraph D. and adding "will Rural Development endorse" in its place; and

i. Removing "assist FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph F. and adding "assist Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1980.471 [Amended]

387. Amend § 1980.471 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "Refer to appendix G of this subpart
(available in any FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office)"
and adding "Refer to RD Instruction 1980-E, Appendix G, Liquidation and Property
Management Guide (available in any Rural Development office)" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (a)(1) and (a)(2), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

c. In the Administrative text at the end of the section:

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 personnel" in
paragraph A. and adding "Rural Development personnel" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" in
paragraph B. and adding "Rural Development will" in its place;

iii. Removing "between FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph B. and adding "between Rural Development" in its place;

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 consider" in
paragraph B. and adding "Rural Development consider" in its place;

v. Removing "When FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
liquidates," in paragraph B. and adding "When Rural Development liquidates," in
its place;

vi. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs in paragraphs B. and E. and adding "Form RD" in its place;

vii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 is" in
paragraph D. and adding "Rural Development is" in its place;

viii. Removing "499-30" in paragraph E. and adding "449-30" in its place;

ix. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 to" in
paragraph F. and adding "by Rural Development to" in its place; and

x. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 guaranteed
loan" in paragraph F. and adding "Rural Development guaranteed loan" in its
place.
§ 1980.472 [Amended]

388. Amend § 1980.472 by removing "Refer to appendix G of this subpart
(available in any FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office)"
and adding "Refer to RD Instruction 1980-E, Appendix G, Liquidation and Property
Management Guide (available in any Rural Development office)" in its place.
§ 1980.473 [Amended]

389. Amend § 1980.473 by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place.
§ 1980.475 [Amended]

390. Amend § 1980.475 by:

a. In paragraph (a)(6), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. In paragraph (b), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354's opinion, FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Rural Development's opinion, Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraph (d), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" and adding "RD" in its place; and

d. In the Administrative text at the end of the section:

i. Removing "Refer to appendix G of this subpart (available in any FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office)" in the introductory text and
adding "Refer to RD Instruction 1980-E, Appendix G, Liquidation and Property
Management Guide (available in any Rural Development office)" in its place;

ii. Removing "that FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph A. and adding "that Rural Development" in its place;

iii. Removing "advising FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
in paragraph F. and adding "advising Rural Development" in its place;

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 servicing"
wherever it occurs in paragraphs F. and H. and adding "Rural Development
servicing" in its place; and

v. Removing "actions FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph H. and adding "actions Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1980.476 [Amended]

391. Amend § 1980.476 by:

a. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"Rural Development" in its place wherever it occurs in the following places:

i. Paragraph (a);

i. Paragraphs (e) introductory text, (e)(1), (e)(2), (g)(2)(i), and (g)(2)(iii);

ii. Paragraph (h);

iii. Paragraph (i);

iv. Paragraph (j);

v. Paragraph (l);

vi. Paragraph (m) introductory text; and

vii. Paragraph (n);

b. In paragraph (c), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding
"Form RD" in its place;

c. In paragraph (p), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place and removing
"Form 449-30" and adding "Form RD 449-30" in its place; and

d. In the Administrative text at the end of the section:

i. Removing "Refer to appendix G of this subpart (available in any FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office)" and adding "Refer to RD
Instruction 1980-E, Appendix G, Liquidation and Property Management Guide
(available in any Rural Development office)" in its place;

ii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 file" in
paragraph B. and adding "Rural Development file" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph B. wherever it occurs and adding "Form RD" in its place.
§ 1980.481 [Amended]

392. Amend § 1980.481 introductory text by removing "FmHA or its successor
agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural
Development" in its place.
§ 1980.488 [Amended]

393. Amend § 1980.488(a) and (b), and the administrative text at the end of the
section by removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in its place.
§ 1980.490 [Amended]

394. Amend § 1980.490 by:

a. In paragraphs (d)(1) through (d)(4), removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development" in
its place;

b. In paragraph (f)(1), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354" wherever it occurs and adding "RD" in its place;

c. In paragraph (f)(2):

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" and
adding "Rural Development will" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 449-29"
and adding "the Project Summary" in its place; and

iii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "Form RD" in its place;

d. In paragraph (f)(3), removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 will" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development will" in its
place and removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
1980-48" and adding "Form 1980-48" in its place;

e. In paragraph (f)(4):

i. Removing "from FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "from Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354
1980-23, "Request for Business and Industry Interest Buydown Payment," and
adding "Form RD 1980-24, "Request Interest Assistance/Interest Rate Buydown
Subsidy Payment to Guaranteed Loan Lender," in its place;

iii. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 servicing
office" wherever it occurs and adding "Rural Development servicing office" in
its place;

iv. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 regulations"
and adding "Rural Development regulations" in its place; and

v. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 1980-48"
and adding "Form 1980-48" in its place;

f. In paragraph (g), removing "When FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354" and adding "When Rural Development" in its place and removing "Form
FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 1980-23" and adding "Form
RD 1980-24" in its place;

g. In paragraphs (n) introductory text, (n)(4), and (n)(5), removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

h. In paragraphs (p)(4) introductory text and (p)(5)(iii), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its
place; and

i. In paragraph (p)(4)(ii), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 1980-25, "Farmer Programs Applications," or FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354 449-1" and adding "Form RD 449-1" in
its place.

395. Revise § 1980.495 to read as follows:
§ 1980.495 RD forms and guides.

The following RD forms and guides, as applicable, are used in connection with
processing B&I, D&D, and DARBE loan guarantees; they are incorporated in this
subpart and made a part hereof:

(a) Form RD 449-1. "Application for Loan and Guarantee" is referred to as
"Appendix A," or successor form,

(b) The "Certificate of Incumbency and Signature" or successor form,

(c) "Guidelines for Loan Guarantees for Alcohol Fuel Production Facilities" is
referred to as "Appendix C."

(d) "Alcohol Production Facilities Planning, Performing, Development and Project
Control" is referred to as "Appendix D."

(e) "Environmental Assessment Guidelines" is referred to as "Appendix E."

(f) Form RD 449-14, "Conditional Commitment for Guarantee," or successor form.

(g) "Liquidation and Property Management Guide" as found in RD Instruction
1980-E Appendix G.

(h) "Suggested Format for the Opinion of the Lender's Legal Counsel" is referred
to as "Appendix H."

(i) "Instructions for Loan Guarantees for Drought and Disaster Relief" and Forms
RD 1980-68, "Lender's Agreement--Drought and Disaster Guaranteed Loans,"
1980-69, "Loan Note Guarantee--Drought and Disaster Guaranteed Loans," and
1980-70, "Assignment Guarantee Agreement--Drought and Disaster Guaranteed
Loans," or their successor forms.

(j) [Reserved]

(k) "Regulations for Loan Guarantees for Disaster Assistance for Rural Business
Enterprises" and Forms RD 1980-71, "Lender's Agreement--Disaster Assistance for
Rural Business Enterprises Guaranteed Loans," 1980-72 "Loan Note
Guarantee--Disaster Assistance for Rural Business Enterprises Guaranteed Loans,"
and 1980-73 "Assignment Guarantee Agreement--Disaster Assistance for Rural
Business Enterprises Guaranteed Loans" or their successor forms.
§ 1980.497 [Amended]

396. Amend § 1980.497 by:

a. In the introductory text, removing "Refer to appendix G of this subpart
(available in any FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Office)"
and adding "Refer to RD Instruction 1980-E, Appendix G, Liquidation and Property
Management Guide (available in any Rural Development office)" in its place;

b. In paragraphs (a), (b) introductory text, (c), and (d)(1), removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs and adding
"Rural Development" in its place;

c. In paragraphs (b)(2) introductory text and (b)(3), removing "FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" and adding "Rural Development's" in
its place;

d. In paragraphs (d)(2) and (d)(7) through (d)(9), removing "Form FmHA or its
successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Form RD" in its place;
and

e. In paragraph (f):

i. Removing "to FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and
adding "to Rural Development" in its place;

ii. Removing "BENEFIT OF FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
and adding "benefit of RURAL DEVELOPMENT" in its place; and

iii. Removing "UNDER FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs and adding "UNDER RURAL DEVELOPMENT" in its place.
§ 1980.498 [Amended]

397. Amend § 1980.498 by:

a. In paragraphs (k) introductory text, (k)(4), and (k)(5), removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "RD" in its place;

b. In paragraph (m)(5) introductory text, removing "FmHA or its successor agency
under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in its place; and

c. In paragraph (m)(5)(iii), removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 410-1, "Application for FmHA or its successor agency under
Public Law 103-354 Services," or Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public
Law 103-354 449-1" and adding "Form RD 449-1" in its place.
Appendices A and B to Subpart E of Part 1980 [Removed and Reserved]

398. Appendices A and B to Subpart E of Part 1980 are removed and reserved.
Appendix D to Subpart E of Part 1980 [Amended]

399. Amend Appendix D to Subpart E of Part 1980 by removing:

a. "the Farmers Home Administration or its successor agency under Public Law
103-354 (FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354)" in paragraph
(I)(B) and adding "Rural Development" in its place;

b. "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" wherever it occurs in
paragraphs (I)(B)(2)(a), (II)(A)(2)(g)(ii), (III)(A)(2), (III)(E) introductory
text, (III)(E)(2), (III)(G), (IV)(A), and (IV)(B)(1) and adding "Rural
Development" in its place; and

c. "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in paragraph
(IV)(B)(3) and adding "Form RD" in its place.
Appendix E to Subpart E of Part 1980 [Amended]

400. Amend Appendix E to Subpart E of Part 1980 by removing:

a. "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's position" in
paragraph (I) and adding "Rural Development's position" in its place;

b. "an FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 action" in
paragraph (II) and adding "a Rural Development action" in its place; and

c. "the FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 action" wherever
it occurs in paragraph (II) and adding "the Rural Development action" in its
place;

d. "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 project" in paragraph
(IV)(2) and adding "Rural Development project" in its place;

e. "or FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in paragraph
(XIII) and adding "or Rural Development" in its place; and

f. "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in paragraph
(XVII) and adding "by Rural Development" in its place.
Appendix F to Subpart E of Part 1980 [Removed and Reserved]

401. Appendix F to subpart E of Part 1980 is removed and reserved.

402. Amend Appendix I to Subpart E of Part 1980 by:

a. Removing ", and appear in theFederal Registerfollowing the body of this
appendix as Exhibits A, B, and C in the following order" in paragraph A.
introductory text;

b. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraphs X.D and X.F and adding "Form RD" in its place;

c. Removing "will be used" in paragraphs A.(1) through (3), IV., and E.1 and 2,
and adding "or successor form will be used" in its place;

d. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will not" in
paragraph D. introductory text, and adding "Rural Development will not" in its
place;

e. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph D.(2) and adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

f. Removing "are FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph J. and adding "are Rural Development" in its place;

g. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 has" in
paragraph J. and adding "Rural Development has" in its place; and

h. Removing Exhibits A through C.
Appendix K to Subpart E of Part 1980 [Amended]

403. Amend Appendix K to Subpart E of Part 1980 by:

a. Removing ", and appear in theFederal Registerfollowing the body of this
appendix as exhibits A, B, and C in the following order" in the introductory
text;

b. Removing "Form FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354"
wherever it occurs in paragraphs A.(1) through (3) and G. and adding "Form RD"
in its place;

c. Removing "will be used" in paragraphs A.(1) thorugh (3) and adding "or
successor form will be used" in its place;

d. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 Instruction"
and "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 insruction" wherever
they occur in paragraphs B. through F., H., J., and K. and adding "RD
Instruction" in their place;

e. Removing "other FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354-type
farm loan" in paragraph C. and adding "other Rural Development-type farm loan"
in its place;

f. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 will" in
paragraph D. and adding "Rural Development will" in its place;

g. Removing "by FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph D. and adding "by Rural Development" in its place;

h. Removing "will FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph D. and adding "will Rural Development" in its place;

i. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354's" in
paragraph F. and adding "Rural Development's" in its place;

j. Removing "Guarantee DARBE," issued on" in paragraph G. and adding "Guarantee
DARBE, " (or successor form) issued on" in its place;

k. Removing "are FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" in
paragraph J. and adding "are Rural Development" in its place;

l. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 guaranteed
loans" in paragraph J. and adding "Rural Development guaranteed loans" in its
place;

m. Removing "FmHA or its successor agency under Public Law 103-354 has" and
adding "Rural Development has" in paragraph J. in its place; and

n. Removing Exhibits A through C.
Exhibit G to Subpart E of Part 1980 [Amended]

404. Amend the Note to Exhibit G to Subpart E of Part 1980 by removing "FmHA or
its successor agency under Public Law 103-354" and adding "Rural Development" in
its place.
CHAPTER XXXV--RURAL HOUSING SERVICE, DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE
Part 3550 Direct Single Family Housing Loans and Grants

405. The authority citation for part 3550 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 42 U.S.C. 1480.
Subpart C--Section 504 Origination and Section 306C Water and Waste Disposal
Grants
§ 3550.103
[Amended]

406. Amend § 3550.103(g) by removing "FmHA" and adding "RD" in its place.

407. In § 3550.116, revise paragraph (c) to read as follows:
§ 3550.116 Definitions applicable to WWD grants only.

* * * * *

(c) Rural areas. Includes unincorporated areas and any city or town with a
population not in excess of 10,000 inhabitants. The population figure is
obtained from the most recent decennial Census of the United States (decennial
Census). If the applicable population figure cannot be obtained from the most
recent decennial Census, RD will determine the applicable population figure
based on available population data.

* * * * *
Part 3560 Direct Multi Family Housing Loans and Grants

408. The authority citation for part 3560 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

42 U.S.C. 1480.
Subpart A--General Provisions and Definitions
§ 3560.11
[Amended]

409. In § 3560.11, revise the definition of "Rural area" to read as follows:
§ 3560.11 Definitions.

* * * * *

Rural area. An area classified as a rural area prior to October 1, 1990, (even
if within a Metropolitan Statistical Area), and any area deemed to be a `rural
area' under any other provision of law at any time during the period beginning
January 1, 2000, and ending December 31, 2010, shall continue to be so
classified until the receipt of data from the decennial census in the year 2020
if such area has a population exceeding 10,000, but not in excess of 35,000, is
rural in character, and has a serious lack of mortgage credit for low- and
moderate-income families.

* * * * *
Subpart B--Direct Loan and Grant Origination
§ 3560.57
[Amended]

410. Amend § 3560.57(c) by removing "most recent census data, or" and adding
"most recent decennial Census of the United States, or" in its place.
Part 3570 Community Programs

411. The authority citation for part 3570 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989.

412. Revise § 3570.51(h) to read as follows:
§ 3570.51 General.

* * * * *

(h) The income data used to determine median household income must be that which
accurately reflects the income of the population to be served by the proposed
facility. The median household income of the service area and the
nonmetropolitan median household income for the State will be determined using
5-year income data from the American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other
Census Bureau data. If there is reason to believe that the ACS or other Census
Bureau data does not accurately represent the median household income within the
area to be served, this will be documented and the applicant may furnish, or RD
may obtain, additional information regarding such median household income data.
Information must consist of reliable data from local, regional, State, or
Federal sources or from a survey conducted by a reliable impartial source.

* * * * *

413. In § 3570.53, revise the definition of "Rural and rural area" to read as
follows:
§ 3570.53 Definitions.

* * * * *

Rural and rural area. For fiscal year 1999, the terms "rural" and "rural area"
include a city or town with a population of 20,000 or less inhabitants. There is
no limitation placed on population in open rural areas. After fiscal year 1999,
the terms "rural" and "rural area" include a city, town, or unincorporated area
that has a population of 50,000 inhabitants or less, other than an urbanized
area immediately adjacent to a city, town, or unincorporated area that has a
population in excess of 50,000 inhabitants. The population figures are obtained
from the most recent decennial Census of the United States (decennial Census).
If the applicable population figures cannot be obtained from the most recent
decennial Census, RD will determine the applicable population figures based on
available population data.

* * * * *
Part 3575 General

414. The authority citation for part 3575 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301, 7 U.S.C. 1989.
Subpart A--Community Programs Guaranteed Loans

415. In § 3575.2, revise the definition of "Rural and rural area" to read as
follows:
§ 3575.2 Definitions.

* * * * *

Rural and rural area. The terms "rural" and "rural area" mean a city, town, or
unincorporated area that has a population of 50,000 inhabitants or less, other
than an urbanized area immediately adjacent to a city, town, or unincorporated
area that has a population in excess of 50,000 inhabitants. The population
figure is obtained from the most recent decennial Census of the United States
(decennial Census). If the applicable population figure cannot be obtained from
the most recent decennial Census, RD will determine the applicable population
figure based on available population data.

* * * * *
CHAPTER XLII--RURAL BUSINESS-COOPERATIVE SERVICE AND RURAL UTILITIES SERVICE,
DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE
Part 4274 Direct and Insured Loanmaking

416. The authority citation for part 4274 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1932 note; 7 U.S.C. 1989.

417. In § 4274.302(a), remove the defintion of "Rural or rural area" and add the
definition of "Rural area" in alphabetical order to read as follows:
§ 4274.302 Definitions and abbreviations.

(a) * * *

Rural area. All territory of a State that is not within the outer boundary of
any city having a population of 25,000 or more. The population figure is
obtained from the most recent decennial Census of the United States (decennial
Census). If the applicable population figure cannot be obtained from the most
recent decennial Census, RD will determine the applicable population figure
based on available population data.

* * * * *

418. In § 4274.344, revise paragraphs (c)(2) introductory text and (c)(2)(vi)
introductory text to read as follows:
§ 4274.344 Filing and processing applications for loans.

* * * * *

(c) * * *

(2) Employment. For computations under this paragraph, income data should be
5-year income data from the American Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other
Census Bureau data, updated according to changes in the consumer price index. If
there is reason to believe that the ACS or other Census Bureau data does not
accurately represent the median household income of the service area, the
reasons will be documented and the borrower may furnish, or RD may obtain,
additional information regarding such median household income data. Information
must consist of reliable data from local,regional, State or Federal sources or
from a survey conducted by a reliable impartial source. The poverty line used
will be as defined in section 673 (2) of the Community Services Block Grant Act
(42 U.S.C. 9902(2)). Unemployment data used will be that published by the Bureau
of Labor Statistics, U.S. Department of Labor.

* * * * *

(vi) The population of the service area according to the most recent decennial
Census was lower than that recorded by the previous decennial Census (or as
equivalently determined using another data source if the other data source was
used in determining whether the area was rural) by the following percentage:

* * * * *
Part 4279 Guaranteed Loanmaking

419. The authority citation for part 4279 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1932(a); and 7 U.S.C. 1989.
Subpart A--General

420. In § 4279.2, revise the definition of "Poor" to read as follows:
§ 4279.2 Definitions and abbreviations.

* * * * *

Poor. A community or area is considered poor if either the county, city, or
census tract where the community or area is located has a median household
income at or below the poverty line for a family of four; has a median household
income below the nonmetropolitan median household income for the State; or has a
population of which 25 percent or more have income at or below the poverty line.
The determination of "poor" will be based on 5-year data from the American
Community Survey (ACS) or, if needed, other Census Bureau data. If there is
reason to believe that the ACS or other Census Bureau data does not accurately
represent the median household income of the community or area, the reasons will
be documented and the borrower may furnish, or RD may obtain, additional
information regarding such median household income data. Information must
consist of reliable data from local, regional, State or Federal sources or from
a survey conducted by a reliable impartial source.

* * * * *
Part 4280 Loans and Grants

421. The authority citation for part 4280 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 904c; 7 U.S.C. 8107.
Subpart A--Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant Program

422. In § 4280.3, remove the definition of "Rural area" and add the definition
of "Rural or rural area" in alphabetical order to read as follows:
§ 4280.3 Definitions.

* * * * *

Rural or rural area. See 7 U.S.C. 1991(a)(13)(A) and (D) et seq.

* * * * *

423. Revise § 4280.42(b)(7) to read as follows:
§ 4280.42 Application evaluation and selection.

* * * * *

(b) * * *

(7) Decline in population for the county where the Project is physically
located. If there has been a decline in population in the county where the
Project will be located over the time period covered by the two most recent
decennial Censuses to the present (or equivalent time frame if using a data
source other than the decennial Census), Rural Development will award 10 points.

* * * * *
Subpart B--Rural Energy for America Program General
§ 4280.103
[Amended]

424. Amend § 4280.103 by removing "the latest decennial census" in the
introductory text to the definition of "Rural or rural area" and adding "the
most recent decennial Census" in its place.
Subpart D--Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program

425. In § 4280.302(a), revise the first sentence of the definition of "Rural or
rural area" to read as follows:
4280.302 Definitions and abbreviations.

(a) * * *

Rural or rural area. Any area of a State not in a city or town that has a
population of more than 50,000 inhabitants, according to the most recent
decennial Census of the United States (decennial Census), and the contiguous and
adjacent urbanized area, and any area that has been determined to be "rural in
character" by the Under Secretary for Rural Development, or as otherwise
identified in this definition.

* * *

* * * * *
§ 4280.316 [Amended]

426. Amend § 4280.316(b)(1)(v) by removing "the latest applicable decennial
census" and adding "the most recent decennial Census" in its place.
Part 4284 Grants

427. The authority citation for part 4284 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301 and 7 U.S.C. 1989.

Subpart F also issued under 7 U.S.C. 1932(e).

Subpart G also issued under 7 U.S.C. 1926(a)(11).

Subpart J also issued under 7 U.S.C. 1621 note.

Subpart K also issued under 7 U.S.C. 1621 note.
Subpart A--General Requirements for Cooperative Service Grant Programs
§ 4284.3
[Amended]

428. Amend § 4284.3 by removing "the latest decennial census" in the definition
of "rural and rural area" and adding "the most recent decennial Census" in its
place.
Subpart G--Rural Business Opportunity Grants

429. In § 4284.603, revise the definitions of "long-term" and "rural and rural
area" to read as follows:
§ 4284.603 Definitions.

* * * * *

Long-term. The period of time covered by the three most recent decennial
Censuses of the United States to the present.

* * * * *

Rural and rural area. Any area other than a city or town that has a population
of greater than 50,000 inhabitants including the urbanized area contiguous and
adjacent to such a city or town. The population figure used must be in
accordance with the most recent decennial Census of the United States.

* * * * *
Part 4288 Payment Programs

430. The authority citation for part 4288 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 7 U.S.C. 1989.
Subpart A--Repowering Assistance Payments to Eligible Biorefineries
§ 4288.2
[Amended]

431. Amend § 4288.2 by removing "the latest decennial census" in the
introductory text of the definition of "Rural or rural area" and adding "the
most recent decennial Census" in its place.
Part 4290 Rural Business Investment Company Rbic Program

432. The authority citation for part 4290 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

7 U.S.C. 1989 and 209cc et seq.
Subpart B--Definition of Terms Used in Part 4290

433. In § 4290.50, revise the introductory text of the definition of "Rural
Area" and revise the definition of "Urban Area" to read as follows:
§ 4290.50 Definition of terms.

* * * * *

Rural Area means any area of a State not in a city or town that has a population
of more than 50,000 inhabitants, according to the most recent decennial Census
of the United States (decennial Census), or in the urbanized area contiguous and
adjacent to a city or town that has a population of more than 50,000
inhabitants, and any area that has been determined to be "rural in character" by
the Under Secretary for Rural Development, or as otherwise identified in this
definition.

* * * * *

Urban Area means an area containing a city (or its equivalent), or any
equivalent geographic area determined by the Census Bureau and adopted by the
Secretary for purposes of this definition (about which the Secretary will
publish a document in theFederal Registerfrom time to time), which had a
population of over 150,000 in the most recent decennial Census and the urbanized
areas containing or adjacent to that city, both as determined by the Bureau of
the Census for the most recent decennial Census.

* * * * *
Dated: January 15, 2015.
Lisa Mensah,
Under Secretary, Rural Development.
Dated: January 23, 2015.
Michael Scuse,
Under Secretary, Farm and Foreign Agricultural Services.
[FR Doc. 2015-01571 Filed 2-23-15; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE 3410-XY-P


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               5 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 7, 2016 Wednesday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Announcement of Grant and Loan Application Deadlines Pages
88205 - 88210 [FR DOC # 2016-29335]

LENGTH: 5865  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



  DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Utilities Service Announcement of Grant and
Loan Application Deadlines AGENCY: Rural Utilities Service, USDA. ACTION: Notice
of Solicitation of Applications (NOSA), Revolving Fund Program.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
The Rural Utilities Service (RUS) announces its Revolving Fund Program (RFP)
application window for Fiscal Year (FY) 2017. The RFP is authorized under
section 306(a)(2)(B) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (Con
Act), 7 U.S.C. 1926(a)(2)(B). Under the RFP, qualified private, non-profit
organizations may receive RFP grant funds to establish a lending program for
eligible entities.

Eligible entities for the revolving loan fund will be the same entities
eligible, under paragraph 1 or 2 of Section 306(a) of the Con Act, 7 U.S.C.
1926(a)(1) or (b)(2), to obtain a loan, loan guarantee, or grant from the RUS
Water, Waste Disposal, and Wastewater loan and grant programs. This year
administrative discretion points may be awarded for work plans that: 1. Direct
loans to the smallest communities with the lowest incomes emphasizing areas
where according to the American Community Survey data by census tracts show that
at least 20 percent of the population is living in poverty. 2. Direct loans to
areas that lack running water, flush toilets, and modern sewage disposal
systems, and areas which have open sewers and high rates of disease caused by
poor sanitation, in particular, colonias or Substantially Underserved Trust
Areas. 3. Direct loans that emphasize energy and water efficient components to
reduce costs and increase sustainability of rural systems. DATES: You may submit
completed applications for grants on paper or electronically according to the
following deadlines:  Paper copies must be postmarked and mailed, shipped, or

 sent overnight



 [[Page 88206]]



 no later than February 6, 2017 to be eligible for FY 2017 grant

 funding. Late or incomplete applications will not be eligible for FY

 2017 grant funding.

      Electronic copies must be received by February 6, 2017 to

 be eligible for FY 2017 grant funding. Late or incomplete applications

 will not be eligible for FY 2017 grant funding.



 ADDRESSES: You may obtain application guides and materials for the RFP

 program at the Water and Environmental Programs (WEP) Web site:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/water
-waste-disposal-revolving-loan-funds. You may also request application guides
and materials by

 contacting Lisa Chesnel at (202) 720-0499.

     Submit electronic grant applications at http://www.grants.gov/ and

 follow the instructions on the Web site.

     Submit completed paper applications for RFP grants to, Rural

 Utilities Service, Rural Development, U.S. Department of Agriculture,

 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Room 2234, STOP 1570, Washington, DC

 20250-1570. Applications should be marked Attention: Lisa Chesnel,

 Water and Environmental Programs.



 FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Lisa Chesnel, Community Programs

 Specialist, Water and Environmental Programs, Rural Utilities Service,

 Rural Development, U.S. Department of Agriculture STOP 1570, Room 2234-

 S, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-1570; Telephone:

 (202) 720-0499: Fax: (202) 690-0649.



 SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:



 Overview



     Federal Agency: Rural Utilities Service (RUS), USDA.

     Funding Opportunity Title: Grant Program to Establish a Fund for

 Financing Water and Wastewater Projects (Revolving Fund Program (RFP)).

     Announcement Type: Notice of Solicitation of Applications.

     Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance (CFDA) Number: 10.864.

     Due Date for Applications: Applications must be mailed, shipped or

 submitted electronically through Grants.gov no later than February 6,

 2017 to be eligible for FY 2017 grant funding.

     Items in Supplementary Information



     A. Program Description: Brief introduction to the RFP.

     B. Federal Award Information: To be announced.

     C. Eligibility Information: Who is eligible, what kinds of

 projects are eligible, what criteria determine basic eligibility.

     D. Application and Submission Information: Where to get

 application materials, what constitutes a completed application, how

 and where to submit applications, deadlines, items that are

 eligible.

     E. Application Review Information: Considerations and

 preferences, scoring criteria, review standards, selection

 information.

     F. Federal Award Administration Information: Award notice

 information, award recipient reporting requirements.

     G. Federal Awarding Agency Contacts: Web site, phone, fax,

 email, contact name.

     H. Other Information: Non-discrimination Statement.



 A. Program Description



     Drinking water systems are basic and vital to both health and

 economic development. With dependable water facilities, rural

 communities can attract families and businesses that will invest in the

 community and improve the quality of life for all residents. Without

 dependable water facilities, the communities cannot sustain economic

 development.

     RUS provides financial and technical assistance to help communities

 bring safe drinking water and sanitary, environmentally sound waste

 disposal facilities to rural Americans. It supports the sound

 development of rural communities and the growth of our economy without

 endangering the environment.

     The Revolving Fund Program (RFP) was established under 7 U.S.C.

 part 1783 to assist communities with water or wastewater systems.

 Qualified private, non-profit organizations, who are selected for

 funding, will receive RFP grant funds to establish a lending program

 for eligible entities. Eligible entities for the revolving loan fund

 will be those entities eligible under 7 U.S.C.1926(a)(1) and (2) to

 obtain a loan, loan guarantee, or grant from the Water and Waste

 Disposal loan and grant programs administered by RUS. As grant

 recipients, the non-profit organizations will set up a revolving loan

 fund to provide loans to finance predevelopment costs of water or

 wastewater projects, or short-term small capital projects not part of

 the regular operation and maintenance of current water and wastewater

 systems. The amount of financing to an eligible entity shall not exceed

 $100,000.00 and shall be repaid in a term not to exceed 10 years. The

 rate shall be determined in the approved grant work plan.



 B. Federal Award Information



     Available funds: To be announced.



 C. Eligibility Information



     1. Eligible Applicants. An applicant is eligible to apply for the

 RFP grant if it:

     a. Is a private, non-profit organization;

     b. Is legally established and located within one of the following:

     i. A state within the United States;

     ii. The District of Columbia;

     iii. The Commonwealth of Puerto Rico; or

     iv. A United States territory;

     c. Has the legal capacity and authority to carry out the grant

 purpose;

     d. Has a proven record of successfully operating a revolving loan

 fund to rural areas;

     e. Has capitalization acceptable to the Agency, and is composed of

 at least 51 percent of the outstanding interest or membership being

 citizens of the United States or individuals who reside in the United

 States after being legally admitted for permanent residence;

     f. Has no delinquent debt to the Federal government or no

 outstanding judgments to repay a Federal debt;

     g. Demonstrates that it possesses the financial, technical, and

 managerial capability to comply with Federal and state laws and

 requirements; and

     h. Is not a corporation that has been convicted of a felony (or had

 an officer or agent acting on behalf of the corporation convicted of a

 felony) within the past 24 months. Any Corporation that has any unpaid

 Federal tax liability that has been assessed, for which all judicial

 and administrative remedies have been exhausted or have lapsed, and

 that is not being paid in a timely manner pursuant to an agreement with

 the authority responsible for collecting the tax liability is not

 eligible.

     2. Cost Sharing or Matching: Applicants must contribute at least 20

 percent of funds from sources other than the proceeds of an RFP grant

 to pay part of the cost of a loan recipient's project. In-kind

 contribution will not be considered.

     3. Other: What are the basic eligibility requirements for a

 project?

     a. The following activities are authorized under the RFP statute:

     i. Grant funds must be used to capitalize a revolving fund program

 for the purpose of providing direct loan financing to eligible entities

 for pre-development costs associated with proposed or with existing

 water and wastewater systems, or,

     ii. Short-term costs incurred for equipment replacement, small-

 scale extension of services, or other small capital projects that are

 not part of the regular operations and maintenance activities of

 existing water and wastewater systems.



 [[Page 88207]]



     b. Grant funds may not be used to pay any of the following:

     i. Payment of the Grant Recipient's administrative costs or

 expenses, or,

     ii. Delinquent debt owed to the Federal Government.



 D. Application and Submission Information



     1. Address to Request Application Package:

     a. The Internet: http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/water
-waste-disposal-revolving-loan-funds or Grants.gov Web site: http://www.grants.
gov/.

     b. For paper copies of these materials, you may call (202) 720-

 9583.

     2. Content and Form of Application Submission:

     a. You may file an application in either paper or electronic

 format. To be considered for support, you must be an eligible entity

 and must submit a complete application by the deadline date. Applicants

 should consult the cost principles and general administrative

 requirements for grants pertaining to their organizational type in

 order to prepare the budget and complete other parts of the

 application. You also must demonstrate compliance (or intent to

 comply), through certification or other means, with a number of public

 policy requirements. Applications should be prepared in conformance

 with 7 CFR part 1783, and departmental and other applicable regulations

 including 2 CFR parts 180, 182, 200, 400 and 421, or any successor

 regulations.

     Whether you file a paper or an electronic application, you will

 need a DUNS number and must be registered in the System for Award

 Management (SAM). Detailed information on obtaining a DUNS number and

 registering for SAM may be found in section D(3).

     b. Applicants must complete and submit the following forms to apply

 for a RFP grant:

     i. Standard Form 424, ``Application for Federal Assistance''.

     ii. Standard Form 424A, ``Budget Information--Non-Construction

 Programs''.

     iii. Standard Form 424B, ``Assurances--Non-Construction Programs''.

     iv. Standard Form LLL, ``Disclosure of Lobbying Activity''.

     v. Form RD 400-1, ``Equal Opportunity Agreement''.

     vi. Form RD 400-4, ``Assurance Agreement (Under Title VI, Civil

 Rights Act of 1964).

     c. The project proposal should outline the project in sufficient

 detail to provide a reader with a complete understanding of how the

 loan program will work. Explain what you will accomplish by lending

 funds to eligible entities. Demonstrate the feasibility of the proposed

 loan program in meeting the objectives of this grant program. The

 proposal should cover the following elements:

     i. Present a brief project overview. Explain the purpose of the

 project, how it relates to RUS's purposes, how you will carry out the

 project, what the project will produce, and who will direct it.

     ii. Describe why the project is necessary. Demonstrate that

 eligible entities need loan funds. Quantify the number of prospective

 borrowers or provide statistical or narrative evidence that a

 sufficient number of borrowers will exist to justify the grant award.

 Describe the service area. Address community needs.

     iii. Clearly state your project goals. Your objectives should

 clearly describe the goals and be concrete and specific enough to be

 quantitative or observable. They should also be feasible and relate to

 the purpose of the loan program.

     iv. The narrative should cover in more detail the items briefly

 described in the Project Summary. It should establish the basis for any

 claims that you have substantial expertise in promoting the safe and

 productive use of revolving funds. In describing what the project will

 achieve, you should tell the reader if it also will have broader

 influence. The narrative should address the following points:

     (1) Document your ability to administer and service a revolving

 fund in accordance with the provisions of 7 CFR part 1783.

     (2) Document your ability to commit financial resources to

 establish the RFP with funds your organization controls. This

 documentation should describe the sources of funds other than the RFP

 grant that will be used to pay your operational costs and provide

 financial assistance for projects.

     (3) Demonstrate that you have secured commitments of significant

 financial support from other funding sources, if appropriate.

     (4) List the fees and charges that borrowers will be assessed.

     v. The work plan must describe the tasks and activities that will

 be accomplished with available resources during the grant period. It

 must show the work you plan to do to achieve the anticipated outcomes,

 goals, and objectives set out for the RFP. The plan must:

     (1) Describe the work to be performed by each person.

     (2) Give a schedule or timetable of work to be done.

     (3) Show evidence of previous experience with the techniques to be

 used or their successful use by others.

     (4) Outline the loan program to include the following: specific

 loan purposes, a loan application process, priorities, borrower

 eligibility criteria, limitations, fees, interest rates, terms, and

 collateral requirements.

     (5) Provide a marketing plan.

     (6) Explain the mechanics of how you will transfer loan funds to

 the borrowers.

     (7) Describe follow-up or continuing activities that should occur

 after project completion such as monitoring and reporting borrowers'

 accomplishments.

     (8) Describe how the results will be evaluated. The evaluation

 criteria should be in line with the project objectives.

     (9) List all personnel responsible for administering this program

 along with a statement of their qualifications and experience.

     vi. The written justification for projected costs should explain

 how budget figures were determined for each category. It should

 indicate which costs are to be covered by grant funds and which costs

 will be met by your organization or other organizations. The

 justification should account for all expenditures discussed in the

 narrative. It should reflect appropriate cost-sharing contributions.

 The budget justification should explain the budget and accounting

 system proposed or in place. The administrative costs for operating the

 budget should be expressed as a percentage of the overall budget. The

 budget justification should provide specific budget figures, rounding

 off figures to the nearest dollar. Applicants should consult 2 CFR 200,

 Subpart E, ``Cost Principals,'' for information about appropriate costs

 for each budget category.

     vii. In addition to completing the standard application forms, you

 must submit:

     (1) Supplementary material that demonstrate that your organization

 is legally recognized under state or Tribal and Federal law.

 Satisfactory documentation includes, but is not limited to,

 certificates from the Secretary of State, or copies of state statutes

 or laws establishing your organization. Letters from the IRS awarding

 tax-exempt status are not considered adequate evidence.

     (2) A certified list of directors and officers with their

 respective terms.

     (3) Evidence of tax exempt status from the IRS.



 [[Page 88208]]



     (4) The most recent audit of your organization.

     (5) The following financial statements:

     (a) A pro forma balance sheet at start-up and for at least three

 additional years; Balance sheets, income statements, and cash flow

 statements for the last three years.

     (b) If your organization has been formed less than three years, the

 financial statements should be submitted for the periods from inception

 to the present. Projected income and cash flow statements for at least

 three years supported by a list of assumptions showing the basis for

 the projections. The projected income statement and balance sheet must

 include one set of projections that shows the revolving loan fund only

 and a separate set of projections that shows your organization's total

 operations.

     (6) Additional information to support and describe your plan for

 achieving the grant objectives. The information may be regarded as

 essential for understanding and evaluating the project and may be found

 in letters of support, as resolutions, policies, and other relevant

 documents. The supplements may be presented in appendices to the

 proposal.

     d. Compliance with other federal statutes.

     The applicant must provide evidence of compliance with other

 federal statutes, including but not limited to the following:

     i. Debarment and suspension information is required in accordance

 with 2 CFR part 417 (Nonprocurement Debarment and Suspension)

 supplemented by 2 CFR part 180, if it applies. The section heading is

 ``What information must I provide before entering into a covered

 transaction with the Federal Government?'' located at 2 CFR 180.335. It

 is part of OMB's Guidance for Grants and Agreements concerning

 Government-wide Debarment and Suspension.

     ii. All of your organization's known workplaces by including the

 actual address of buildings (or parts of buildings) or other sites

 where work under the award takes place. Workplace identification is

 required under the drug-free workplace requirements in Subpart B of 2

 CFR part 421, which adopts the Government-wide implementation (2 CFR

 part 182) of the Drug-Free Workplace Act.

     iii. 2 CFR parts 200 and 400 (Uniform Assistance Requirements, Cost

 Principles and Audit Requirements for Federal Awards).

     iv. 2 CFR part 182 (Governmentwide Requirements for Drug-Free

 Workplace (Financial Assistance)) and 2 CFR part 421 (Requirements for

 Drug Free Workplace (Financial Assistance)).

     v. Executive Order 13166, ``Improving Access to Services for

 Persons with Limited English Proficiency.'' For information on limited

 English proficiency and agency-specific guidance, go to http://www.LEP.gov.

     e. Requirements for numbers of copies of submitted applications

     i. Send or deliver paper applications by the U.S. Postal Service

 (USPS) or courier delivery services to: Water and Environmental

 Programs, Rural Utilities Service, 1400 Independence Avenue SW.,

 Attention: Lisa Chesnel, Mail STOP 1570, Room 2233-S, Washington, DC,

 20250-1570.

     ii. For paper applications mail or ensure delivery of an original

 paper application (no stamped, photocopied, or initialed signatures)

 and two copies by the deadline date. The application and any materials

 sent with it become Federal records by law and cannot be returned to

 you.

     iii. Electronically submitted applications:

     (1). Applications will not be accepted by fax or electronic mail.

     (2). Electronic applications for grants will be accepted if

 submitted through Grants.gov.

     (3). Applicants must preregister successfully with Grants.gov to

 use the electronic applications option. Application information may be

 downloaded from Grants.gov without preregistration.

     (4). Applicants who apply through Grants.gov should submit their

 electronic applications before the deadline.

     (5). Grants.gov contains full instructions on all required

 passwords, credentialing, and software. Follow the instructions at

 Grants.gov for registering and submitting an electronic application.

     (6). Grants.gov has two preregistration requirements: A DUNS number

 and an active registration in the SAM. See section D(3) below for

 instructions on obtaining a DUNS number and registering in the SAM.

     3. Unique entity identifier and System for Award Management (SAM).

 The applicant for a grant must supply a Dun and Bradstreet Data

 Universal Numbering System (DUNS) number as part of an application. The

 Standard Form 424 (SF-424) contains a field for the DUNS number. The

 applicant can obtain the DUNS number free of charge by calling Dun and

 Bradstreet. Please see http://fedgov.dnb.com /webform for more

 information on how to obtain a DUNS number or how to verify your

 organization's number.

     In accordance with 2 CFR part 25, whether applying electronically

 or by paper, the applicant must register in the System for Award

 Management (SAM) prior to submitting an application. Applicants may

 register for the SAM at https://www.sam.gov/portal/SAM/#1. The SAM

 registration must remain active with current information at all times

 while RUS is considering an application or while a Federal Grant award

 or loan is active. To remain registered in the SAM database the

 applicant must review and update the information in the SAM database

 annually from date of initial registration or from the date of the last

 update. The applicant must ensure that the information in the database

 is current, accurate, and complete.

     4. Submission Dates and Times. You may submit completed

 applications for grants on paper or electronically according to the

 following deadlines:

     a. Paper copies must be postmarked and mailed, shipped, or sent

 overnight no later than February 6, 2017 to be eligible for FY 2017

 grant funding. Late or incomplete applications will not be eligible for

 FY 2017 grant funding.

     b. Electronic copies must be received by February 6, 2017 to be

 eligible for FY 2017 grant funding. Late or incomplete applications

 will not be eligible for FY 2017 grant funding.

     5. Funding Restrictions. Grant proceeds may be used solely to

 establish the revolving loan fund to provide loans to eligible entities

 for: Pre-development costs associated with proposed or existing water

 and wastewater projects, and short-term costs incurred for replacement

 equipment or other small capital projects not part of regular

 operations and maintenance of existing water and wastewater systems.

 Grant recipients may not use grant funds in any manner inconsistent

 with the purposes described in 7 CFR 1783.12 or in the terms of the

 grant agreement. Administrative expenses may, however, be paid or

 reimbursed from revolving loan fund assets that are not RFP grant

 funds, including revolved funds and case originally contributed by the

 grant recipient.



 E. Application Review Information



     Within 30 days of receiving your application, RUS will send you a

 letter of acknowledgment. Your application will be reviewed for

 completeness to determine if you included all of the items required. If

 your application is incomplete or ineligible, RUS will return it to you

 with an explanation. A review team, composed of at least two



 [[Page 88209]]



 RUS staff members, will evaluate all applications and proposals. They

 will make overall recommendations based on factors such as eligibility,

 application completeness, and conformity to application requirements.

 They will score the applications based on criteria in the following

 section.

     1. Criteria. All applications that are complete and eligible will

 be ranked competitively based on the following scoring criteria:

     a. Degree of expertise and successful experience in making and

 servicing commercial loans, with a successful record, for the following

 number of full years:

     i. At least 1 but less than 3 years--5 points.

     ii. At least 3 but less than 5 years--10 points.

     iii. At least 5 but less than 10 years--20 points.

     iv. 10 or more years--30 points.

     b. Extent to which the work plan demonstrates a well thought out,

 comprehensive approach to accomplishing the objectives of this part,

 clearly defines who will be served by the project, clearly articulates

 the problem/issues to be addressed, identifies the service area to be

 covered by the RFP loans and appears likely to be sustainable; Up to 40

 points.

     c. Percentage of applicant contributions. Points allowed under this

 paragraph will be based on written evidence of the availability of

 funds from sources other than the proceeds of an RFP grant to pay part

 of the cost of a loan recipient's project. In-kind contributions will

 not be considered. Funds from other sources as a percentage of the RFP

 grant and points corresponding to such percentages are as follows:

     i. Less than 20 percent--ineligible.

     ii. At least 20 percent but less than 50 percent--10 points.

     iii. 50 percent or more--20 points.

     d. Extent to which the goals and objectives are clearly defined,

 tied to the work plan, and are measurable; Up to 15 points.

     e. Lowest ratio of projected administrative expenses to loans

 advanced; Up to 10 points.

     f. The evaluation methods for considering loan applications and

 making RFP loans are specific to the program, clearly defined,

 measurable, and are consistent with program outcomes; Up to 20 points.

     g. Administrator's discretion points up to 10 points may be

 awarded. To the maximum extent possible, there should be an emphasis on

 high poverty areas in rural communities and rural areas with the lowest

 incomes, particularly those areas where at least 45 percent of children

 qualify for the National School Lunch Program.

     Factors include:

     i. Directs loans to the smallest communities with the lowest

 incomes emphasizing areas where according to the American Community

 Survey data by census tracts show that at least 20 percent of the

 population is living in poverty.

     ii. Directs loans to areas which lack running water, flush toilets,

 and modern sewage disposal systems, and areas which have open sewers

 and high rates of disease caused by poor sanitation, in particular,

 colonias or Substantially Underserved Trust Areas.

     iii. Directs loans that emphasize energy and water efficient

 components to reduce costs and increase sustainability of rural

 systems.

     2. Review and Selection Process. RUS will rank all qualifying

 applications by their final score. Applications will be selected for

 funding, based on the highest scores and the availability of funding

 for RFP grants. Each applicant will be notified in writing of the score

 its application receives.

     a. In making its decision about your application, RUS may determine

 that your application is:

     i. Eligible and selected for funding,

     ii. Eligible but offered fewer funds than requested,

     iii. Eligible but not selected for funding, or

     iv. Ineligible for the grant.

     c. In accordance with 7 CFR part 1900, subpart B, you generally

 have the right to appeal adverse decisions. Some adverse decisions

 cannot be appealed. For example, if you are denied RUS funding due to a

 lack of funds available for the grant program, this decision cannot be

 appealed. However, you may make a request to the National Appeals

 Division (NAD) to review the accuracy of our finding that the decision

 cannot be appealed. The appeal must be in writing and filed at the

 appropriate regional office, which can be found at www.nad.usda.gov or

 by calling (703) 305-1166.



 F. Federal Award Administration Information



     1. Federal Award Notices. RUS generally notifies by mail applicants

 whose projects are selected for awards. However, the receipt of an

 award letter does not serve to authorize the applicant to commence

 performance under the award. RUS follows the award letter with an

 agreement containing terms and conditions for the grant. Applicants

 selected for funding will complete and return grant agreement, which

 outlines the terms and conditions of the grant award.

     2. Administrative and National Policy Requirements. The items

 listed in Section D of this notice, the RFP program regulation and

 departmental and other regulations including 2 CFR parts 180, 182, 200,

 400, 421 and any successor regulations implement the appropriate

 administrative and national policy requirements, which include but are

 not limited to:

     a. SF-270, ``Request for Advance or Reimbursement,'' will be

 completed by the Non-Federal Entity and submitted to either the state

 or national office no more frequently than monthly.

     b. Upon receipt of a properly completed SF-270, the funds will be

 requested through the field office terminal system. Ordinarily, payment

 will be made within 30 days after receipt of a proper request for

 reimbursement.

     c. Non-Federal Entities may use women- and minority-owned banks (a

 bank which is owned at least 50 percent by women or minority group

 members) for the deposit and disbursement of funds.

     3. Reporting. a. Any change in the scope of the project, budget

 adjustments of more than 10 percent of the total budget, or any other

 significant change in the project must be reported to and approved by

 the approval official by written amendment to the grant agreement. Any

 change not approved may be cause for termination of the grant.

     b. Non-Federal Entities shall constantly monitor performance to

 ensure that time schedules are being met, projected work by time

 periods is being accomplished, and other performance objectives are

 being achieved. The Non-Federal Entity will provide project reports as

 follows:

     i. SF-425, ``Financial Status Report (short form),'' and a project

 performance activity report will be required of all Non-Federal

 Entities on a quarterly basis, due 30 days after the end of each

 quarter.

     ii. A final project performance report will be required with the

 last SF-425 due 90 days after the end of the last quarter in which the

 project is completed. The final report may serve as the last quarterly

 report.

     iii. All multi-State Non-Federal Entities are to submit an original

 of each report to the National Office. Non-Federal Entities serving

 only one State are to submit an original of each report to the State

 Office. The project performance reports should detail, preferably in a

 narrative format,



 [[Page 88210]]



 activities that have transpired for the specific time period.

     c. Financial reporting. The Non-Federal Entity will provide an

 audit report or financial statements as follows:

     i. Non-Federal Entities expending $750,000 or more Federal funds

 per fiscal year will submit an audit conducted in accordance with 2 CFR

 part 200 The audit will be submitted within nine months after the Non-

 Federal Entity's fiscal year. Additional audits may be required if the

 project period covers more than one fiscal year.

     ii. Non-Federal Entities expending less than $750,000 will provide

 annual financial statements covering the grant period, consisting of

 the organization's statement of income and expense and balance sheet

 signed by an appropriate official of the organization. Financial

 statements will be submitted within 90 days after the Non-Federal

 Entity's fiscal year.

     iii. Recipient and Subrecipient Reporting. The applicant must have

 the necessary processes and systems in place to comply with the

 reporting requirements for first-tier sub-awards and executive

 compensation under the Federal Funding Accountability and Transparency

 Act of 2006 in the event the applicant receives funding unless such

 applicant is exempt from such reporting requirements pursuant to 2 CFR

 part 170, Sec.  170.110(b). The reporting requirements under the

 Transparency Act pursuant to 2 CFR part 170 are as follows:

     (1) First Tier Sub-Awards of $25,000 or more in non-Recovery Act

 funds (unless they are exempt under 2 CFR part 170) must be reported by

 the Recipient to http://www.fsrs.gov no later than the end of the month

 following the month the obligation was made.

     (2) The Total Compensation of the Recipient's Executives (five most

 highly compensated executives) must be reported by the Recipient (if

 the Recipient meets the criteria under 2 CFR part 170) to
https://www.sam.gov/portal/SAM/#1 by the end of the month following the month

 in which the award was made.

     (3) The Total Compensation of the Subrecipient's Executives (five

 most highly compensated executives) must be reported by the

 Subrecipient (if the Subrecipient meets the criteria under 2 CFR part

 170) to the Recipient by the end of the month following the month in

 which the subaward was made.



 G. Federal Awarding Agency Contacts



     1. Web site: http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/water
-waste-disposal-revolving-loan-funds. The RUS Web site maintains up-to-date

 resources and contact information for the RFP.

     2. Phone: (202) 720-9640.

     3. Fax: (202) 690-0649.

     4. Email: lisa.chesnel@wdc.usda.gov

     5. Main point of contact: Lisa Chesnel, Community Programs

 Specialist, Water and Environmental Programs, Rural Utilities Service,

 Rural Development, U.S. Department of Agriculture.



 H. Other Information



     1. USDA Non-Discrimination Statement. In accordance with Federal

 civil rights law and U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) civil rights

 regulations and policies, the USDA, its Agencies, offices, and

 employees, and institutions participating in or administering USDA

 programs are prohibited from discriminating based on race, color,

 national origin, religion, sex, gender identity (including gender

 expression), sexual orientation, disability, age, marital status,

 family/parental status, income derived from a public assistance

 program, political beliefs, or reprisal or retaliation for prior civil

 rights activity, in any program or activity conducted or funded by USDA

 (not all bases apply to all programs). Remedies and complaint filing

 deadlines vary by program or incident.

     Persons with disabilities who require alternative means of

 communication for program information (e.g., Braille, large print,

 audiotape, American Sign Language, etc.) should contact the responsible

 Agency or USDA's TARGET Center at (202) 720-2600 (voice and TTY) or

 contact USDA through the Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339.

 Additionally, program information may be made available in languages

 other than English.

     To file a program discrimination complaint, complete the USDA

 Program Discrimination Complaint Form, AD-3027, found online at
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html and at any USDA office or

 write a letter addressed to USDA and provide in the letter all of the

 information requested in the form. To request a copy of the complaint

 form, call (866) 632-9992. Submit your completed form or letter to USDA

 by:

     (1) Mail: U.S. Department of Agriculture, Office of the Assistant

 Secretary for Civil Rights, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington,

 DC 20250-9410; (2) fax: (202) 690-7442; or (3) email:

 program.intake@usda.gov

     USDA is an equal opportunity provider, employer, and lender.



 Brandon McBride,

 Administrator, Rural Utilities Service.

 [FR Doc. 2016-29335 Filed 12-6-16; 8:45 am]

  BILLING CODE 3410-15-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               6 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 7, 2016 Wednesday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Announcement of Grant and Loan Application Deadlines Pages
88205 - 88210 [FR DOC # 2016-29335]

LENGTH: 5865  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Utilities Service Announcement of Grant and
Loan Application Deadlines AGENCY: Rural Utilities Service, USDA. ACTION: Notice
of Solicitation of Applications (NOSA), Revolving Fund Program.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
The Rural Utilities Service (RUS) announces its Revolving Fund Program (RFP)
application window for Fiscal Year (FY) 2017. The RFP is authorized under
section 306(a)(2)(B) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (Con
Act), 7 U.S.C. 1926(a)(2)(B). Under the RFP, qualified private, non-profit
organizations may receive RFP grant funds to establish a lending program for
eligible entities.

Eligible entities for the revolving loan fund will be the same entities
eligible, under paragraph 1 or 2 of Section 306(a) of the Con Act, 7 U.S.C.
1926(a)(1) or (b)(2), to obtain a loan, loan guarantee, or grant from the RUS
Water, Waste Disposal, and Wastewater loan and grant programs. This year
administrative discretion points may be awarded for work plans that: 1. Direct
loans to the smallest communities with the lowest incomes emphasizing areas
where according to the American Community Survey data by census tracts show that
at least 20 percent of the population is living in poverty. 2. Direct loans to
areas that lack running water, flush toilets, and modern sewage disposal
systems, and areas which have open sewers and high rates of disease caused by
poor sanitation, in particular, colonias or Substantially Underserved Trust
Areas. 3. Direct loans that emphasize energy and water efficient components to
reduce costs and increase sustainability of rural systems. DATES: You may submit
completed applications for grants on paper or electronically according to the
following deadlines:  Paper copies must be postmarked and mailed, shipped, or

 sent overnight



 [[Page 88206]]



 no later than February 6, 2017 to be eligible for FY 2017 grant

 funding. Late or incomplete applications will not be eligible for FY

 2017 grant funding.

      Electronic copies must be received by February 6, 2017 to

 be eligible for FY 2017 grant funding. Late or incomplete applications

 will not be eligible for FY 2017 grant funding.



 ADDRESSES: You may obtain application guides and materials for the RFP

 program at the Water and Environmental Programs (WEP) Web site:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/water
-waste-disposal-revolving-loan-funds. You may also request application guides
and materials by

 contacting Lisa Chesnel at (202) 720-0499.

     Submit electronic grant applications at http://www.grants.gov/ and

 follow the instructions on the Web site.

     Submit completed paper applications for RFP grants to, Rural

 Utilities Service, Rural Development, U.S. Department of Agriculture,

 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Room 2234, STOP 1570, Washington, DC

 20250-1570. Applications should be marked Attention: Lisa Chesnel,

 Water and Environmental Programs.



 FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Lisa Chesnel, Community Programs

 Specialist, Water and Environmental Programs, Rural Utilities Service,

 Rural Development, U.S. Department of Agriculture STOP 1570, Room 2234-

 S, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-1570; Telephone:

 (202) 720-0499: Fax: (202) 690-0649.



 SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:



 Overview



     Federal Agency: Rural Utilities Service (RUS), USDA.

     Funding Opportunity Title: Grant Program to Establish a Fund for

 Financing Water and Wastewater Projects (Revolving Fund Program (RFP)).

     Announcement Type: Notice of Solicitation of Applications.

     Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance (CFDA) Number: 10.864.

     Due Date for Applications: Applications must be mailed, shipped or

 submitted electronically through Grants.gov no later than February 6,

 2017 to be eligible for FY 2017 grant funding.

     Items in Supplementary Information



     A. Program Description: Brief introduction to the RFP.

     B. Federal Award Information: To be announced.

     C. Eligibility Information: Who is eligible, what kinds of

 projects are eligible, what criteria determine basic eligibility.

     D. Application and Submission Information: Where to get

 application materials, what constitutes a completed application, how

 and where to submit applications, deadlines, items that are

 eligible.

     E. Application Review Information: Considerations and

 preferences, scoring criteria, review standards, selection

 information.

     F. Federal Award Administration Information: Award notice

 information, award recipient reporting requirements.

     G. Federal Awarding Agency Contacts: Web site, phone, fax,

 email, contact name.

     H. Other Information: Non-discrimination Statement.



 A. Program Description



     Drinking water systems are basic and vital to both health and

 economic development. With dependable water facilities, rural

 communities can attract families and businesses that will invest in the

 community and improve the quality of life for all residents. Without

 dependable water facilities, the communities cannot sustain economic

 development.

     RUS provides financial and technical assistance to help communities

 bring safe drinking water and sanitary, environmentally sound waste

 disposal facilities to rural Americans. It supports the sound

 development of rural communities and the growth of our economy without

 endangering the environment.

     The Revolving Fund Program (RFP) was established under 7 U.S.C.

 part 1783 to assist communities with water or wastewater systems.

 Qualified private, non-profit organizations, who are selected for

 funding, will receive RFP grant funds to establish a lending program

 for eligible entities. Eligible entities for the revolving loan fund

 will be those entities eligible under 7 U.S.C.1926(a)(1) and (2) to

 obtain a loan, loan guarantee, or grant from the Water and Waste

 Disposal loan and grant programs administered by RUS. As grant

 recipients, the non-profit organizations will set up a revolving loan

 fund to provide loans to finance predevelopment costs of water or

 wastewater projects, or short-term small capital projects not part of

 the regular operation and maintenance of current water and wastewater

 systems. The amount of financing to an eligible entity shall not exceed

 $100,000.00 and shall be repaid in a term not to exceed 10 years. The

 rate shall be determined in the approved grant work plan.



 B. Federal Award Information



     Available funds: To be announced.



 C. Eligibility Information



     1. Eligible Applicants. An applicant is eligible to apply for the

 RFP grant if it:

     a. Is a private, non-profit organization;

     b. Is legally established and located within one of the following:

     i. A state within the United States;

     ii. The District of Columbia;

     iii. The Commonwealth of Puerto Rico; or

     iv. A United States territory;

     c. Has the legal capacity and authority to carry out the grant

 purpose;

     d. Has a proven record of successfully operating a revolving loan

 fund to rural areas;

     e. Has capitalization acceptable to the Agency, and is composed of

 at least 51 percent of the outstanding interest or membership being

 citizens of the United States or individuals who reside in the United

 States after being legally admitted for permanent residence;

     f. Has no delinquent debt to the Federal government or no

 outstanding judgments to repay a Federal debt;

     g. Demonstrates that it possesses the financial, technical, and

 managerial capability to comply with Federal and state laws and

 requirements; and

     h. Is not a corporation that has been convicted of a felony (or had

 an officer or agent acting on behalf of the corporation convicted of a

 felony) within the past 24 months. Any Corporation that has any unpaid

 Federal tax liability that has been assessed, for which all judicial

 and administrative remedies have been exhausted or have lapsed, and

 that is not being paid in a timely manner pursuant to an agreement with

 the authority responsible for collecting the tax liability is not

 eligible.

     2. Cost Sharing or Matching: Applicants must contribute at least 20

 percent of funds from sources other than the proceeds of an RFP grant

 to pay part of the cost of a loan recipient's project. In-kind

 contribution will not be considered.

     3. Other: What are the basic eligibility requirements for a

 project?

     a. The following activities are authorized under the RFP statute:

     i. Grant funds must be used to capitalize a revolving fund program

 for the purpose of providing direct loan financing to eligible entities

 for pre-development costs associated with proposed or with existing

 water and wastewater systems, or,

     ii. Short-term costs incurred for equipment replacement, small-

 scale extension of services, or other small capital projects that are

 not part of the regular operations and maintenance activities of

 existing water and wastewater systems.



 [[Page 88207]]



     b. Grant funds may not be used to pay any of the following:

     i. Payment of the Grant Recipient's administrative costs or

 expenses, or,

     ii. Delinquent debt owed to the Federal Government.



 D. Application and Submission Information



     1. Address to Request Application Package:

     a. The Internet: http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/water
-waste-disposal-revolving-loan-funds or Grants.gov Web site: http://www.grants.
gov/.

     b. For paper copies of these materials, you may call (202) 720-

 9583.

     2. Content and Form of Application Submission:

     a. You may file an application in either paper or electronic

 format. To be considered for support, you must be an eligible entity

 and must submit a complete application by the deadline date. Applicants

 should consult the cost principles and general administrative

 requirements for grants pertaining to their organizational type in

 order to prepare the budget and complete other parts of the

 application. You also must demonstrate compliance (or intent to

 comply), through certification or other means, with a number of public

 policy requirements. Applications should be prepared in conformance

 with 7 CFR part 1783, and departmental and other applicable regulations

 including 2 CFR parts 180, 182, 200, 400 and 421, or any successor

 regulations.

     Whether you file a paper or an electronic application, you will

 need a DUNS number and must be registered in the System for Award

 Management (SAM). Detailed information on obtaining a DUNS number and

 registering for SAM may be found in section D(3).

     b. Applicants must complete and submit the following forms to apply

 for a RFP grant:

     i. Standard Form 424, ``Application for Federal Assistance''.

     ii. Standard Form 424A, ``Budget Information--Non-Construction

 Programs''.

     iii. Standard Form 424B, ``Assurances--Non-Construction Programs''.

     iv. Standard Form LLL, ``Disclosure of Lobbying Activity''.

     v. Form RD 400-1, ``Equal Opportunity Agreement''.

     vi. Form RD 400-4, ``Assurance Agreement (Under Title VI, Civil

 Rights Act of 1964).

     c. The project proposal should outline the project in sufficient

 detail to provide a reader with a complete understanding of how the

 loan program will work. Explain what you will accomplish by lending

 funds to eligible entities. Demonstrate the feasibility of the proposed

 loan program in meeting the objectives of this grant program. The

 proposal should cover the following elements:

     i. Present a brief project overview. Explain the purpose of the

 project, how it relates to RUS's purposes, how you will carry out the

 project, what the project will produce, and who will direct it.

     ii. Describe why the project is necessary. Demonstrate that

 eligible entities need loan funds. Quantify the number of prospective

 borrowers or provide statistical or narrative evidence that a

 sufficient number of borrowers will exist to justify the grant award.

 Describe the service area. Address community needs.

     iii. Clearly state your project goals. Your objectives should

 clearly describe the goals and be concrete and specific enough to be

 quantitative or observable. They should also be feasible and relate to

 the purpose of the loan program.

     iv. The narrative should cover in more detail the items briefly

 described in the Project Summary. It should establish the basis for any

 claims that you have substantial expertise in promoting the safe and

 productive use of revolving funds. In describing what the project will

 achieve, you should tell the reader if it also will have broader

 influence. The narrative should address the following points:

     (1) Document your ability to administer and service a revolving

 fund in accordance with the provisions of 7 CFR part 1783.

     (2) Document your ability to commit financial resources to

 establish the RFP with funds your organization controls. This

 documentation should describe the sources of funds other than the RFP

 grant that will be used to pay your operational costs and provide

 financial assistance for projects.

     (3) Demonstrate that you have secured commitments of significant

 financial support from other funding sources, if appropriate.

     (4) List the fees and charges that borrowers will be assessed.

     v. The work plan must describe the tasks and activities that will

 be accomplished with available resources during the grant period. It

 must show the work you plan to do to achieve the anticipated outcomes,

 goals, and objectives set out for the RFP. The plan must:

     (1) Describe the work to be performed by each person.

     (2) Give a schedule or timetable of work to be done.

     (3) Show evidence of previous experience with the techniques to be

 used or their successful use by others.

     (4) Outline the loan program to include the following: specific

 loan purposes, a loan application process, priorities, borrower

 eligibility criteria, limitations, fees, interest rates, terms, and

 collateral requirements.

     (5) Provide a marketing plan.

     (6) Explain the mechanics of how you will transfer loan funds to

 the borrowers.

     (7) Describe follow-up or continuing activities that should occur

 after project completion such as monitoring and reporting borrowers'

 accomplishments.

     (8) Describe how the results will be evaluated. The evaluation

 criteria should be in line with the project objectives.

     (9) List all personnel responsible for administering this program

 along with a statement of their qualifications and experience.

     vi. The written justification for projected costs should explain

 how budget figures were determined for each category. It should

 indicate which costs are to be covered by grant funds and which costs

 will be met by your organization or other organizations. The

 justification should account for all expenditures discussed in the

 narrative. It should reflect appropriate cost-sharing contributions.

 The budget justification should explain the budget and accounting

 system proposed or in place. The administrative costs for operating the

 budget should be expressed as a percentage of the overall budget. The

 budget justification should provide specific budget figures, rounding

 off figures to the nearest dollar. Applicants should consult 2 CFR 200,

 Subpart E, ``Cost Principals,'' for information about appropriate costs

 for each budget category.

     vii. In addition to completing the standard application forms, you

 must submit:

     (1) Supplementary material that demonstrate that your organization

 is legally recognized under state or Tribal and Federal law.

 Satisfactory documentation includes, but is not limited to,

 certificates from the Secretary of State, or copies of state statutes

 or laws establishing your organization. Letters from the IRS awarding

 tax-exempt status are not considered adequate evidence.

     (2) A certified list of directors and officers with their

 respective terms.

     (3) Evidence of tax exempt status from the IRS.



 [[Page 88208]]



     (4) The most recent audit of your organization.

     (5) The following financial statements:

     (a) A pro forma balance sheet at start-up and for at least three

 additional years; Balance sheets, income statements, and cash flow

 statements for the last three years.

     (b) If your organization has been formed less than three years, the

 financial statements should be submitted for the periods from inception

 to the present. Projected income and cash flow statements for at least

 three years supported by a list of assumptions showing the basis for

 the projections. The projected income statement and balance sheet must

 include one set of projections that shows the revolving loan fund only

 and a separate set of projections that shows your organization's total

 operations.

     (6) Additional information to support and describe your plan for

 achieving the grant objectives. The information may be regarded as

 essential for understanding and evaluating the project and may be found

 in letters of support, as resolutions, policies, and other relevant

 documents. The supplements may be presented in appendices to the

 proposal.

     d. Compliance with other federal statutes.

     The applicant must provide evidence of compliance with other

 federal statutes, including but not limited to the following:

     i. Debarment and suspension information is required in accordance

 with 2 CFR part 417 (Nonprocurement Debarment and Suspension)

 supplemented by 2 CFR part 180, if it applies. The section heading is

 ``What information must I provide before entering into a covered

 transaction with the Federal Government?'' located at 2 CFR 180.335. It

 is part of OMB's Guidance for Grants and Agreements concerning

 Government-wide Debarment and Suspension.

     ii. All of your organization's known workplaces by including the

 actual address of buildings (or parts of buildings) or other sites

 where work under the award takes place. Workplace identification is

 required under the drug-free workplace requirements in Subpart B of 2

 CFR part 421, which adopts the Government-wide implementation (2 CFR

 part 182) of the Drug-Free Workplace Act.

     iii. 2 CFR parts 200 and 400 (Uniform Assistance Requirements, Cost

 Principles and Audit Requirements for Federal Awards).

     iv. 2 CFR part 182 (Governmentwide Requirements for Drug-Free

 Workplace (Financial Assistance)) and 2 CFR part 421 (Requirements for

 Drug Free Workplace (Financial Assistance)).

     v. Executive Order 13166, ``Improving Access to Services for

 Persons with Limited English Proficiency.'' For information on limited

 English proficiency and agency-specific guidance, go to http://www.LEP.gov.

     e. Requirements for numbers of copies of submitted applications

     i. Send or deliver paper applications by the U.S. Postal Service

 (USPS) or courier delivery services to: Water and Environmental

 Programs, Rural Utilities Service, 1400 Independence Avenue SW.,

 Attention: Lisa Chesnel, Mail STOP 1570, Room 2233-S, Washington, DC,

 20250-1570.

     ii. For paper applications mail or ensure delivery of an original

 paper application (no stamped, photocopied, or initialed signatures)

 and two copies by the deadline date. The application and any materials

 sent with it become Federal records by law and cannot be returned to

 you.

     iii. Electronically submitted applications:

     (1). Applications will not be accepted by fax or electronic mail.

     (2). Electronic applications for grants will be accepted if

 submitted through Grants.gov.

     (3). Applicants must preregister successfully with Grants.gov to

 use the electronic applications option. Application information may be

 downloaded from Grants.gov without preregistration.

     (4). Applicants who apply through Grants.gov should submit their

 electronic applications before the deadline.

     (5). Grants.gov contains full instructions on all required

 passwords, credentialing, and software. Follow the instructions at

 Grants.gov for registering and submitting an electronic application.

     (6). Grants.gov has two preregistration requirements: A DUNS number

 and an active registration in the SAM. See section D(3) below for

 instructions on obtaining a DUNS number and registering in the SAM.

     3. Unique entity identifier and System for Award Management (SAM).

 The applicant for a grant must supply a Dun and Bradstreet Data

 Universal Numbering System (DUNS) number as part of an application. The

 Standard Form 424 (SF-424) contains a field for the DUNS number. The

 applicant can obtain the DUNS number free of charge by calling Dun and

 Bradstreet. Please see http://fedgov.dnb.com /webform for more

 information on how to obtain a DUNS number or how to verify your

 organization's number.

     In accordance with 2 CFR part 25, whether applying electronically

 or by paper, the applicant must register in the System for Award

 Management (SAM) prior to submitting an application. Applicants may

 register for the SAM at https://www.sam.gov/portal/SAM/#1. The SAM

 registration must remain active with current information at all times

 while RUS is considering an application or while a Federal Grant award

 or loan is active. To remain registered in the SAM database the

 applicant must review and update the information in the SAM database

 annually from date of initial registration or from the date of the last

 update. The applicant must ensure that the information in the database

 is current, accurate, and complete.

     4. Submission Dates and Times. You may submit completed

 applications for grants on paper or electronically according to the

 following deadlines:

     a. Paper copies must be postmarked and mailed, shipped, or sent

 overnight no later than February 6, 2017 to be eligible for FY 2017

 grant funding. Late or incomplete applications will not be eligible for

 FY 2017 grant funding.

     b. Electronic copies must be received by February 6, 2017 to be

 eligible for FY 2017 grant funding. Late or incomplete applications

 will not be eligible for FY 2017 grant funding.

     5. Funding Restrictions. Grant proceeds may be used solely to

 establish the revolving loan fund to provide loans to eligible entities

 for: Pre-development costs associated with proposed or existing water

 and wastewater projects, and short-term costs incurred for replacement

 equipment or other small capital projects not part of regular

 operations and maintenance of existing water and wastewater systems.

 Grant recipients may not use grant funds in any manner inconsistent

 with the purposes described in 7 CFR 1783.12 or in the terms of the

 grant agreement. Administrative expenses may, however, be paid or

 reimbursed from revolving loan fund assets that are not RFP grant

 funds, including revolved funds and case originally contributed by the

 grant recipient.



 E. Application Review Information



     Within 30 days of receiving your application, RUS will send you a

 letter of acknowledgment. Your application will be reviewed for

 completeness to determine if you included all of the items required. If

 your application is incomplete or ineligible, RUS will return it to you

 with an explanation. A review team, composed of at least two



 [[Page 88209]]



 RUS staff members, will evaluate all applications and proposals. They

 will make overall recommendations based on factors such as eligibility,

 application completeness, and conformity to application requirements.

 They will score the applications based on criteria in the following

 section.

     1. Criteria. All applications that are complete and eligible will

 be ranked competitively based on the following scoring criteria:

     a. Degree of expertise and successful experience in making and

 servicing commercial loans, with a successful record, for the following

 number of full years:

     i. At least 1 but less than 3 years--5 points.

     ii. At least 3 but less than 5 years--10 points.

     iii. At least 5 but less than 10 years--20 points.

     iv. 10 or more years--30 points.

     b. Extent to which the work plan demonstrates a well thought out,

 comprehensive approach to accomplishing the objectives of this part,

 clearly defines who will be served by the project, clearly articulates

 the problem/issues to be addressed, identifies the service area to be

 covered by the RFP loans and appears likely to be sustainable; Up to 40

 points.

     c. Percentage of applicant contributions. Points allowed under this

 paragraph will be based on written evidence of the availability of

 funds from sources other than the proceeds of an RFP grant to pay part

 of the cost of a loan recipient's project. In-kind contributions will

 not be considered. Funds from other sources as a percentage of the RFP

 grant and points corresponding to such percentages are as follows:

     i. Less than 20 percent--ineligible.

     ii. At least 20 percent but less than 50 percent--10 points.

     iii. 50 percent or more--20 points.

     d. Extent to which the goals and objectives are clearly defined,

 tied to the work plan, and are measurable; Up to 15 points.

     e. Lowest ratio of projected administrative expenses to loans

 advanced; Up to 10 points.

     f. The evaluation methods for considering loan applications and

 making RFP loans are specific to the program, clearly defined,

 measurable, and are consistent with program outcomes; Up to 20 points.

     g. Administrator's discretion points up to 10 points may be

 awarded. To the maximum extent possible, there should be an emphasis on

 high poverty areas in rural communities and rural areas with the lowest

 incomes, particularly those areas where at least 45 percent of children

 qualify for the National School Lunch Program.

     Factors include:

     i. Directs loans to the smallest communities with the lowest

 incomes emphasizing areas where according to the American Community

 Survey data by census tracts show that at least 20 percent of the

 population is living in poverty.

     ii. Directs loans to areas which lack running water, flush toilets,

 and modern sewage disposal systems, and areas which have open sewers

 and high rates of disease caused by poor sanitation, in particular,

 colonias or Substantially Underserved Trust Areas.

     iii. Directs loans that emphasize energy and water efficient

 components to reduce costs and increase sustainability of rural

 systems.

     2. Review and Selection Process. RUS will rank all qualifying

 applications by their final score. Applications will be selected for

 funding, based on the highest scores and the availability of funding

 for RFP grants. Each applicant will be notified in writing of the score

 its application receives.

     a. In making its decision about your application, RUS may determine

 that your application is:

     i. Eligible and selected for funding,

     ii. Eligible but offered fewer funds than requested,

     iii. Eligible but not selected for funding, or

     iv. Ineligible for the grant.

     c. In accordance with 7 CFR part 1900, subpart B, you generally

 have the right to appeal adverse decisions. Some adverse decisions

 cannot be appealed. For example, if you are denied RUS funding due to a

 lack of funds available for the grant program, this decision cannot be

 appealed. However, you may make a request to the National Appeals

 Division (NAD) to review the accuracy of our finding that the decision

 cannot be appealed. The appeal must be in writing and filed at the

 appropriate regional office, which can be found at www.nad.usda.gov or

 by calling (703) 305-1166.



 F. Federal Award Administration Information



     1. Federal Award Notices. RUS generally notifies by mail applicants

 whose projects are selected for awards. However, the receipt of an

 award letter does not serve to authorize the applicant to commence

 performance under the award. RUS follows the award letter with an

 agreement containing terms and conditions for the grant. Applicants

 selected for funding will complete and return grant agreement, which

 outlines the terms and conditions of the grant award.

     2. Administrative and National Policy Requirements. The items

 listed in Section D of this notice, the RFP program regulation and

 departmental and other regulations including 2 CFR parts 180, 182, 200,

 400, 421 and any successor regulations implement the appropriate

 administrative and national policy requirements, which include but are

 not limited to:

     a. SF-270, ``Request for Advance or Reimbursement,'' will be

 completed by the Non-Federal Entity and submitted to either the state

 or national office no more frequently than monthly.

     b. Upon receipt of a properly completed SF-270, the funds will be

 requested through the field office terminal system. Ordinarily, payment

 will be made within 30 days after receipt of a proper request for

 reimbursement.

     c. Non-Federal Entities may use women- and minority-owned banks (a

 bank which is owned at least 50 percent by women or minority group

 members) for the deposit and disbursement of funds.

     3. Reporting. a. Any change in the scope of the project, budget

 adjustments of more than 10 percent of the total budget, or any other

 significant change in the project must be reported to and approved by

 the approval official by written amendment to the grant agreement. Any

 change not approved may be cause for termination of the grant.

     b. Non-Federal Entities shall constantly monitor performance to

 ensure that time schedules are being met, projected work by time

 periods is being accomplished, and other performance objectives are

 being achieved. The Non-Federal Entity will provide project reports as

 follows:

     i. SF-425, ``Financial Status Report (short form),'' and a project

 performance activity report will be required of all Non-Federal

 Entities on a quarterly basis, due 30 days after the end of each

 quarter.

     ii. A final project performance report will be required with the

 last SF-425 due 90 days after the end of the last quarter in which the

 project is completed. The final report may serve as the last quarterly

 report.

     iii. All multi-State Non-Federal Entities are to submit an original

 of each report to the National Office. Non-Federal Entities serving

 only one State are to submit an original of each report to the State

 Office. The project performance reports should detail, preferably in a

 narrative format,



 [[Page 88210]]



 activities that have transpired for the specific time period.

     c. Financial reporting. The Non-Federal Entity will provide an

 audit report or financial statements as follows:

     i. Non-Federal Entities expending $750,000 or more Federal funds

 per fiscal year will submit an audit conducted in accordance with 2 CFR

 part 200 The audit will be submitted within nine months after the Non-

 Federal Entity's fiscal year. Additional audits may be required if the

 project period covers more than one fiscal year.

     ii. Non-Federal Entities expending less than $750,000 will provide

 annual financial statements covering the grant period, consisting of

 the organization's statement of income and expense and balance sheet

 signed by an appropriate official of the organization. Financial

 statements will be submitted within 90 days after the Non-Federal

 Entity's fiscal year.

     iii. Recipient and Subrecipient Reporting. The applicant must have

 the necessary processes and systems in place to comply with the

 reporting requirements for first-tier sub-awards and executive

 compensation under the Federal Funding Accountability and Transparency

 Act of 2006 in the event the applicant receives funding unless such

 applicant is exempt from such reporting requirements pursuant to 2 CFR

 part 170, Sec.  170.110(b). The reporting requirements under the

 Transparency Act pursuant to 2 CFR part 170 are as follows:

     (1) First Tier Sub-Awards of $25,000 or more in non-Recovery Act

 funds (unless they are exempt under 2 CFR part 170) must be reported by

 the Recipient to http://www.fsrs.gov no later than the end of the month

 following the month the obligation was made.

     (2) The Total Compensation of the Recipient's Executives (five most

 highly compensated executives) must be reported by the Recipient (if

 the Recipient meets the criteria under 2 CFR part 170) to
https://www.sam.gov/portal/SAM/#1 by the end of the month following the month

 in which the award was made.

     (3) The Total Compensation of the Subrecipient's Executives (five

 most highly compensated executives) must be reported by the

 Subrecipient (if the Subrecipient meets the criteria under 2 CFR part

 170) to the Recipient by the end of the month following the month in

 which the subaward was made.



 G. Federal Awarding Agency Contacts



     1. Web site: http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/water
-waste-disposal-revolving-loan-funds. The RUS Web site maintains up-to-date

 resources and contact information for the RFP.

     2. Phone: (202) 720-9640.

     3. Fax: (202) 690-0649.

     4. Email: lisa.chesnel@wdc.usda.gov

     5. Main point of contact: Lisa Chesnel, Community Programs

 Specialist, Water and Environmental Programs, Rural Utilities Service,

 Rural Development, U.S. Department of Agriculture.



 H. Other Information



     1. USDA Non-Discrimination Statement. In accordance with Federal

 civil rights law and U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) civil rights

 regulations and policies, the USDA, its Agencies, offices, and

 employees, and institutions participating in or administering USDA

 programs are prohibited from discriminating based on race, color,

 national origin, religion, sex, gender identity (including gender

 expression), sexual orientation, disability, age, marital status,

 family/parental status, income derived from a public assistance

 program, political beliefs, or reprisal or retaliation for prior civil

 rights activity, in any program or activity conducted or funded by USDA

 (not all bases apply to all programs). Remedies and complaint filing

 deadlines vary by program or incident.

     Persons with disabilities who require alternative means of

 communication for program information (e.g., Braille, large print,

 audiotape, American Sign Language, etc.) should contact the responsible

 Agency or USDA's TARGET Center at (202) 720-2600 (voice and TTY) or

 contact USDA through the Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339.

 Additionally, program information may be made available in languages

 other than English.

     To file a program discrimination complaint, complete the USDA

 Program Discrimination Complaint Form, AD-3027, found online at
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html and at any USDA office or

 write a letter addressed to USDA and provide in the letter all of the

 information requested in the form. To request a copy of the complaint

 form, call (866) 632-9992. Submit your completed form or letter to USDA

 by:

     (1) Mail: U.S. Department of Agriculture, Office of the Assistant

 Secretary for Civil Rights, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington,

 DC 20250-9410; (2) fax: (202) 690-7442; or (3) email:

 program.intake@usda.gov

     USDA is an equal opportunity provider, employer, and lender.



 Brandon McBride,

 Administrator, Rural Utilities Service.

 [FR Doc. 2016-29335 Filed 12-6-16; 8:45 am]

  BILLING CODE 3410-15-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               7 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 7, 2016 Wednesday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Announcement of Grant and Loan Application Deadlines Pages
88205 - 88210 [FR DOC # 2016-29335]

LENGTH: 5865  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Utilities Service Announcement of Grant and
Loan Application Deadlines AGENCY: Rural Utilities Service, USDA. ACTION: Notice
of Solicitation of Applications (NOSA), Revolving Fund Program.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
The Rural Utilities Service (RUS) announces its Revolving Fund Program (RFP)
application window for Fiscal Year (FY) 2017. The RFP is authorized under
section 306(a)(2)(B) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (Con
Act), 7 U.S.C. 1926(a)(2)(B). Under the RFP, qualified private, non-profit
organizations may receive RFP grant funds to establish a lending program for
eligible entities.

Eligible entities for the revolving loan fund will be the same entities
eligible, under paragraph 1 or 2 of Section 306(a) of the Con Act, 7 U.S.C.
1926(a)(1) or (b)(2), to obtain a loan, loan guarantee, or grant from the RUS
Water, Waste Disposal, and Wastewater loan and grant programs. This year
administrative discretion points may be awarded for work plans that: 1. Direct
loans to the smallest communities with the lowest incomes emphasizing areas
where according to the American Community Survey data by census tracts show that
at least 20 percent of the population is living in poverty. 2. Direct loans to
areas that lack running water, flush toilets, and modern sewage disposal
systems, and areas which have open sewers and high rates of disease caused by
poor sanitation, in particular, colonias or Substantially Underserved Trust
Areas. 3. Direct loans that emphasize energy and water efficient components to
reduce costs and increase sustainability of rural systems. DATES: You may submit
completed applications for grants on paper or electronically according to the
following deadlines:  Paper copies must be postmarked and mailed, shipped, or

 sent overnight



 [[Page 88206]]



 no later than February 6, 2017 to be eligible for FY 2017 grant

 funding. Late or incomplete applications will not be eligible for FY

 2017 grant funding.

      Electronic copies must be received by February 6, 2017 to

 be eligible for FY 2017 grant funding. Late or incomplete applications

 will not be eligible for FY 2017 grant funding.



 ADDRESSES: You may obtain application guides and materials for the RFP

 program at the Water and Environmental Programs (WEP) Web site:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/water
-waste-disposal-revolving-loan-funds. You may also request application guides
and materials by

 contacting Lisa Chesnel at (202) 720-0499.

     Submit electronic grant applications at http://www.grants.gov/ and

 follow the instructions on the Web site.

     Submit completed paper applications for RFP grants to, Rural

 Utilities Service, Rural Development, U.S. Department of Agriculture,

 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Room 2234, STOP 1570, Washington, DC

 20250-1570. Applications should be marked Attention: Lisa Chesnel,

 Water and Environmental Programs.



 FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Lisa Chesnel, Community Programs

 Specialist, Water and Environmental Programs, Rural Utilities Service,

 Rural Development, U.S. Department of Agriculture STOP 1570, Room 2234-

 S, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-1570; Telephone:

 (202) 720-0499: Fax: (202) 690-0649.



 SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:



 Overview



     Federal Agency: Rural Utilities Service (RUS), USDA.

     Funding Opportunity Title: Grant Program to Establish a Fund for

 Financing Water and Wastewater Projects (Revolving Fund Program (RFP)).

     Announcement Type: Notice of Solicitation of Applications.

     Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance (CFDA) Number: 10.864.

     Due Date for Applications: Applications must be mailed, shipped or

 submitted electronically through Grants.gov no later than February 6,

 2017 to be eligible for FY 2017 grant funding.

     Items in Supplementary Information



     A. Program Description: Brief introduction to the RFP.

     B. Federal Award Information: To be announced.

     C. Eligibility Information: Who is eligible, what kinds of

 projects are eligible, what criteria determine basic eligibility.

     D. Application and Submission Information: Where to get

 application materials, what constitutes a completed application, how

 and where to submit applications, deadlines, items that are

 eligible.

     E. Application Review Information: Considerations and

 preferences, scoring criteria, review standards, selection

 information.

     F. Federal Award Administration Information: Award notice

 information, award recipient reporting requirements.

     G. Federal Awarding Agency Contacts: Web site, phone, fax,

 email, contact name.

     H. Other Information: Non-discrimination Statement.



 A. Program Description



     Drinking water systems are basic and vital to both health and

 economic development. With dependable water facilities, rural

 communities can attract families and businesses that will invest in the

 community and improve the quality of life for all residents. Without

 dependable water facilities, the communities cannot sustain economic

 development.

     RUS provides financial and technical assistance to help communities

 bring safe drinking water and sanitary, environmentally sound waste

 disposal facilities to rural Americans. It supports the sound

 development of rural communities and the growth of our economy without

 endangering the environment.

     The Revolving Fund Program (RFP) was established under 7 U.S.C.

 part 1783 to assist communities with water or wastewater systems.

 Qualified private, non-profit organizations, who are selected for

 funding, will receive RFP grant funds to establish a lending program

 for eligible entities. Eligible entities for the revolving loan fund

 will be those entities eligible under 7 U.S.C.1926(a)(1) and (2) to

 obtain a loan, loan guarantee, or grant from the Water and Waste

 Disposal loan and grant programs administered by RUS. As grant

 recipients, the non-profit organizations will set up a revolving loan

 fund to provide loans to finance predevelopment costs of water or

 wastewater projects, or short-term small capital projects not part of

 the regular operation and maintenance of current water and wastewater

 systems. The amount of financing to an eligible entity shall not exceed

 $100,000.00 and shall be repaid in a term not to exceed 10 years. The

 rate shall be determined in the approved grant work plan.



 B. Federal Award Information



     Available funds: To be announced.



 C. Eligibility Information



     1. Eligible Applicants. An applicant is eligible to apply for the

 RFP grant if it:

     a. Is a private, non-profit organization;

     b. Is legally established and located within one of the following:

     i. A state within the United States;

     ii. The District of Columbia;

     iii. The Commonwealth of Puerto Rico; or

     iv. A United States territory;

     c. Has the legal capacity and authority to carry out the grant

 purpose;

     d. Has a proven record of successfully operating a revolving loan

 fund to rural areas;

     e. Has capitalization acceptable to the Agency, and is composed of

 at least 51 percent of the outstanding interest or membership being

 citizens of the United States or individuals who reside in the United

 States after being legally admitted for permanent residence;

     f. Has no delinquent debt to the Federal government or no

 outstanding judgments to repay a Federal debt;

     g. Demonstrates that it possesses the financial, technical, and

 managerial capability to comply with Federal and state laws and

 requirements; and

     h. Is not a corporation that has been convicted of a felony (or had

 an officer or agent acting on behalf of the corporation convicted of a

 felony) within the past 24 months. Any Corporation that has any unpaid

 Federal tax liability that has been assessed, for which all judicial

 and administrative remedies have been exhausted or have lapsed, and

 that is not being paid in a timely manner pursuant to an agreement with

 the authority responsible for collecting the tax liability is not

 eligible.

     2. Cost Sharing or Matching: Applicants must contribute at least 20

 percent of funds from sources other than the proceeds of an RFP grant

 to pay part of the cost of a loan recipient's project. In-kind

 contribution will not be considered.

     3. Other: What are the basic eligibility requirements for a

 project?

     a. The following activities are authorized under the RFP statute:

     i. Grant funds must be used to capitalize a revolving fund program

 for the purpose of providing direct loan financing to eligible entities

 for pre-development costs associated with proposed or with existing

 water and wastewater systems, or,

     ii. Short-term costs incurred for equipment replacement, small-

 scale extension of services, or other small capital projects that are

 not part of the regular operations and maintenance activities of

 existing water and wastewater systems.



 [[Page 88207]]



     b. Grant funds may not be used to pay any of the following:

     i. Payment of the Grant Recipient's administrative costs or

 expenses, or,

     ii. Delinquent debt owed to the Federal Government.



 D. Application and Submission Information



     1. Address to Request Application Package:

     a. The Internet: http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/water
-waste-disposal-revolving-loan-funds or Grants.gov Web site: http://www.grants.
gov/.

     b. For paper copies of these materials, you may call (202) 720-

 9583.

     2. Content and Form of Application Submission:

     a. You may file an application in either paper or electronic

 format. To be considered for support, you must be an eligible entity

 and must submit a complete application by the deadline date. Applicants

 should consult the cost principles and general administrative

 requirements for grants pertaining to their organizational type in

 order to prepare the budget and complete other parts of the

 application. You also must demonstrate compliance (or intent to

 comply), through certification or other means, with a number of public

 policy requirements. Applications should be prepared in conformance

 with 7 CFR part 1783, and departmental and other applicable regulations

 including 2 CFR parts 180, 182, 200, 400 and 421, or any successor

 regulations.

     Whether you file a paper or an electronic application, you will

 need a DUNS number and must be registered in the System for Award

 Management (SAM). Detailed information on obtaining a DUNS number and

 registering for SAM may be found in section D(3).

     b. Applicants must complete and submit the following forms to apply

 for a RFP grant:

     i. Standard Form 424, ``Application for Federal Assistance''.

     ii. Standard Form 424A, ``Budget Information--Non-Construction

 Programs''.

     iii. Standard Form 424B, ``Assurances--Non-Construction Programs''.

     iv. Standard Form LLL, ``Disclosure of Lobbying Activity''.

     v. Form RD 400-1, ``Equal Opportunity Agreement''.

     vi. Form RD 400-4, ``Assurance Agreement (Under Title VI, Civil

 Rights Act of 1964).

     c. The project proposal should outline the project in sufficient

 detail to provide a reader with a complete understanding of how the

 loan program will work. Explain what you will accomplish by lending

 funds to eligible entities. Demonstrate the feasibility of the proposed

 loan program in meeting the objectives of this grant program. The

 proposal should cover the following elements:

     i. Present a brief project overview. Explain the purpose of the

 project, how it relates to RUS's purposes, how you will carry out the

 project, what the project will produce, and who will direct it.

     ii. Describe why the project is necessary. Demonstrate that

 eligible entities need loan funds. Quantify the number of prospective

 borrowers or provide statistical or narrative evidence that a

 sufficient number of borrowers will exist to justify the grant award.

 Describe the service area. Address community needs.

     iii. Clearly state your project goals. Your objectives should

 clearly describe the goals and be concrete and specific enough to be

 quantitative or observable. They should also be feasible and relate to

 the purpose of the loan program.

     iv. The narrative should cover in more detail the items briefly

 described in the Project Summary. It should establish the basis for any

 claims that you have substantial expertise in promoting the safe and

 productive use of revolving funds. In describing what the project will

 achieve, you should tell the reader if it also will have broader

 influence. The narrative should address the following points:

     (1) Document your ability to administer and service a revolving

 fund in accordance with the provisions of 7 CFR part 1783.

     (2) Document your ability to commit financial resources to

 establish the RFP with funds your organization controls. This

 documentation should describe the sources of funds other than the RFP

 grant that will be used to pay your operational costs and provide

 financial assistance for projects.

     (3) Demonstrate that you have secured commitments of significant

 financial support from other funding sources, if appropriate.

     (4) List the fees and charges that borrowers will be assessed.

     v. The work plan must describe the tasks and activities that will

 be accomplished with available resources during the grant period. It

 must show the work you plan to do to achieve the anticipated outcomes,

 goals, and objectives set out for the RFP. The plan must:

     (1) Describe the work to be performed by each person.

     (2) Give a schedule or timetable of work to be done.

     (3) Show evidence of previous experience with the techniques to be

 used or their successful use by others.

     (4) Outline the loan program to include the following: specific

 loan purposes, a loan application process, priorities, borrower

 eligibility criteria, limitations, fees, interest rates, terms, and

 collateral requirements.

     (5) Provide a marketing plan.

     (6) Explain the mechanics of how you will transfer loan funds to

 the borrowers.

     (7) Describe follow-up or continuing activities that should occur

 after project completion such as monitoring and reporting borrowers'

 accomplishments.

     (8) Describe how the results will be evaluated. The evaluation

 criteria should be in line with the project objectives.

     (9) List all personnel responsible for administering this program

 along with a statement of their qualifications and experience.

     vi. The written justification for projected costs should explain

 how budget figures were determined for each category. It should

 indicate which costs are to be covered by grant funds and which costs

 will be met by your organization or other organizations. The

 justification should account for all expenditures discussed in the

 narrative. It should reflect appropriate cost-sharing contributions.

 The budget justification should explain the budget and accounting

 system proposed or in place. The administrative costs for operating the

 budget should be expressed as a percentage of the overall budget. The

 budget justification should provide specific budget figures, rounding

 off figures to the nearest dollar. Applicants should consult 2 CFR 200,

 Subpart E, ``Cost Principals,'' for information about appropriate costs

 for each budget category.

     vii. In addition to completing the standard application forms, you

 must submit:

     (1) Supplementary material that demonstrate that your organization

 is legally recognized under state or Tribal and Federal law.

 Satisfactory documentation includes, but is not limited to,

 certificates from the Secretary of State, or copies of state statutes

 or laws establishing your organization. Letters from the IRS awarding

 tax-exempt status are not considered adequate evidence.

     (2) A certified list of directors and officers with their

 respective terms.

     (3) Evidence of tax exempt status from the IRS.



 [[Page 88208]]



     (4) The most recent audit of your organization.

     (5) The following financial statements:

     (a) A pro forma balance sheet at start-up and for at least three

 additional years; Balance sheets, income statements, and cash flow

 statements for the last three years.

     (b) If your organization has been formed less than three years, the

 financial statements should be submitted for the periods from inception

 to the present. Projected income and cash flow statements for at least

 three years supported by a list of assumptions showing the basis for

 the projections. The projected income statement and balance sheet must

 include one set of projections that shows the revolving loan fund only

 and a separate set of projections that shows your organization's total

 operations.

     (6) Additional information to support and describe your plan for

 achieving the grant objectives. The information may be regarded as

 essential for understanding and evaluating the project and may be found

 in letters of support, as resolutions, policies, and other relevant

 documents. The supplements may be presented in appendices to the

 proposal.

     d. Compliance with other federal statutes.

     The applicant must provide evidence of compliance with other

 federal statutes, including but not limited to the following:

     i. Debarment and suspension information is required in accordance

 with 2 CFR part 417 (Nonprocurement Debarment and Suspension)

 supplemented by 2 CFR part 180, if it applies. The section heading is

 ``What information must I provide before entering into a covered

 transaction with the Federal Government?'' located at 2 CFR 180.335. It

 is part of OMB's Guidance for Grants and Agreements concerning

 Government-wide Debarment and Suspension.

     ii. All of your organization's known workplaces by including the

 actual address of buildings (or parts of buildings) or other sites

 where work under the award takes place. Workplace identification is

 required under the drug-free workplace requirements in Subpart B of 2

 CFR part 421, which adopts the Government-wide implementation (2 CFR

 part 182) of the Drug-Free Workplace Act.

     iii. 2 CFR parts 200 and 400 (Uniform Assistance Requirements, Cost

 Principles and Audit Requirements for Federal Awards).

     iv. 2 CFR part 182 (Governmentwide Requirements for Drug-Free

 Workplace (Financial Assistance)) and 2 CFR part 421 (Requirements for

 Drug Free Workplace (Financial Assistance)).

     v. Executive Order 13166, ``Improving Access to Services for

 Persons with Limited English Proficiency.'' For information on limited

 English proficiency and agency-specific guidance, go to http://www.LEP.gov.

     e. Requirements for numbers of copies of submitted applications

     i. Send or deliver paper applications by the U.S. Postal Service

 (USPS) or courier delivery services to: Water and Environmental

 Programs, Rural Utilities Service, 1400 Independence Avenue SW.,

 Attention: Lisa Chesnel, Mail STOP 1570, Room 2233-S, Washington, DC,

 20250-1570.

     ii. For paper applications mail or ensure delivery of an original

 paper application (no stamped, photocopied, or initialed signatures)

 and two copies by the deadline date. The application and any materials

 sent with it become Federal records by law and cannot be returned to

 you.

     iii. Electronically submitted applications:

     (1). Applications will not be accepted by fax or electronic mail.

     (2). Electronic applications for grants will be accepted if

 submitted through Grants.gov.

     (3). Applicants must preregister successfully with Grants.gov to

 use the electronic applications option. Application information may be

 downloaded from Grants.gov without preregistration.

     (4). Applicants who apply through Grants.gov should submit their

 electronic applications before the deadline.

     (5). Grants.gov contains full instructions on all required

 passwords, credentialing, and software. Follow the instructions at

 Grants.gov for registering and submitting an electronic application.

     (6). Grants.gov has two preregistration requirements: A DUNS number

 and an active registration in the SAM. See section D(3) below for

 instructions on obtaining a DUNS number and registering in the SAM.

     3. Unique entity identifier and System for Award Management (SAM).

 The applicant for a grant must supply a Dun and Bradstreet Data

 Universal Numbering System (DUNS) number as part of an application. The

 Standard Form 424 (SF-424) contains a field for the DUNS number. The

 applicant can obtain the DUNS number free of charge by calling Dun and

 Bradstreet. Please see http://fedgov.dnb.com /webform for more

 information on how to obtain a DUNS number or how to verify your

 organization's number.

     In accordance with 2 CFR part 25, whether applying electronically

 or by paper, the applicant must register in the System for Award

 Management (SAM) prior to submitting an application. Applicants may

 register for the SAM at https://www.sam.gov/portal/SAM/#1. The SAM

 registration must remain active with current information at all times

 while RUS is considering an application or while a Federal Grant award

 or loan is active. To remain registered in the SAM database the

 applicant must review and update the information in the SAM database

 annually from date of initial registration or from the date of the last

 update. The applicant must ensure that the information in the database

 is current, accurate, and complete.

     4. Submission Dates and Times. You may submit completed

 applications for grants on paper or electronically according to the

 following deadlines:

     a. Paper copies must be postmarked and mailed, shipped, or sent

 overnight no later than February 6, 2017 to be eligible for FY 2017

 grant funding. Late or incomplete applications will not be eligible for

 FY 2017 grant funding.

     b. Electronic copies must be received by February 6, 2017 to be

 eligible for FY 2017 grant funding. Late or incomplete applications

 will not be eligible for FY 2017 grant funding.

     5. Funding Restrictions. Grant proceeds may be used solely to

 establish the revolving loan fund to provide loans to eligible entities

 for: Pre-development costs associated with proposed or existing water

 and wastewater projects, and short-term costs incurred for replacement

 equipment or other small capital projects not part of regular

 operations and maintenance of existing water and wastewater systems.

 Grant recipients may not use grant funds in any manner inconsistent

 with the purposes described in 7 CFR 1783.12 or in the terms of the

 grant agreement. Administrative expenses may, however, be paid or

 reimbursed from revolving loan fund assets that are not RFP grant

 funds, including revolved funds and case originally contributed by the

 grant recipient.



 E. Application Review Information



     Within 30 days of receiving your application, RUS will send you a

 letter of acknowledgment. Your application will be reviewed for

 completeness to determine if you included all of the items required. If

 your application is incomplete or ineligible, RUS will return it to you

 with an explanation. A review team, composed of at least two



 [[Page 88209]]



 RUS staff members, will evaluate all applications and proposals. They

 will make overall recommendations based on factors such as eligibility,

 application completeness, and conformity to application requirements.

 They will score the applications based on criteria in the following

 section.

     1. Criteria. All applications that are complete and eligible will

 be ranked competitively based on the following scoring criteria:

     a. Degree of expertise and successful experience in making and

 servicing commercial loans, with a successful record, for the following

 number of full years:

     i. At least 1 but less than 3 years--5 points.

     ii. At least 3 but less than 5 years--10 points.

     iii. At least 5 but less than 10 years--20 points.

     iv. 10 or more years--30 points.

     b. Extent to which the work plan demonstrates a well thought out,

 comprehensive approach to accomplishing the objectives of this part,

 clearly defines who will be served by the project, clearly articulates

 the problem/issues to be addressed, identifies the service area to be

 covered by the RFP loans and appears likely to be sustainable; Up to 40

 points.

     c. Percentage of applicant contributions. Points allowed under this

 paragraph will be based on written evidence of the availability of

 funds from sources other than the proceeds of an RFP grant to pay part

 of the cost of a loan recipient's project. In-kind contributions will

 not be considered. Funds from other sources as a percentage of the RFP

 grant and points corresponding to such percentages are as follows:

     i. Less than 20 percent--ineligible.

     ii. At least 20 percent but less than 50 percent--10 points.

     iii. 50 percent or more--20 points.

     d. Extent to which the goals and objectives are clearly defined,

 tied to the work plan, and are measurable; Up to 15 points.

     e. Lowest ratio of projected administrative expenses to loans

 advanced; Up to 10 points.

     f. The evaluation methods for considering loan applications and

 making RFP loans are specific to the program, clearly defined,

 measurable, and are consistent with program outcomes; Up to 20 points.

     g. Administrator's discretion points up to 10 points may be

 awarded. To the maximum extent possible, there should be an emphasis on

 high poverty areas in rural communities and rural areas with the lowest

 incomes, particularly those areas where at least 45 percent of children

 qualify for the National School Lunch Program.

     Factors include:

     i. Directs loans to the smallest communities with the lowest

 incomes emphasizing areas where according to the American Community

 Survey data by census tracts show that at least 20 percent of the

 population is living in poverty.

     ii. Directs loans to areas which lack running water, flush toilets,

 and modern sewage disposal systems, and areas which have open sewers

 and high rates of disease caused by poor sanitation, in particular,

 colonias or Substantially Underserved Trust Areas.

     iii. Directs loans that emphasize energy and water efficient

 components to reduce costs and increase sustainability of rural

 systems.

     2. Review and Selection Process. RUS will rank all qualifying

 applications by their final score. Applications will be selected for

 funding, based on the highest scores and the availability of funding

 for RFP grants. Each applicant will be notified in writing of the score

 its application receives.

     a. In making its decision about your application, RUS may determine

 that your application is:

     i. Eligible and selected for funding,

     ii. Eligible but offered fewer funds than requested,

     iii. Eligible but not selected for funding, or

     iv. Ineligible for the grant.

     c. In accordance with 7 CFR part 1900, subpart B, you generally

 have the right to appeal adverse decisions. Some adverse decisions

 cannot be appealed. For example, if you are denied RUS funding due to a

 lack of funds available for the grant program, this decision cannot be

 appealed. However, you may make a request to the National Appeals

 Division (NAD) to review the accuracy of our finding that the decision

 cannot be appealed. The appeal must be in writing and filed at the

 appropriate regional office, which can be found at www.nad.usda.gov or

 by calling (703) 305-1166.



 F. Federal Award Administration Information



     1. Federal Award Notices. RUS generally notifies by mail applicants

 whose projects are selected for awards. However, the receipt of an

 award letter does not serve to authorize the applicant to commence

 performance under the award. RUS follows the award letter with an

 agreement containing terms and conditions for the grant. Applicants

 selected for funding will complete and return grant agreement, which

 outlines the terms and conditions of the grant award.

     2. Administrative and National Policy Requirements. The items

 listed in Section D of this notice, the RFP program regulation and

 departmental and other regulations including 2 CFR parts 180, 182, 200,

 400, 421 and any successor regulations implement the appropriate

 administrative and national policy requirements, which include but are

 not limited to:

     a. SF-270, ``Request for Advance or Reimbursement,'' will be

 completed by the Non-Federal Entity and submitted to either the state

 or national office no more frequently than monthly.

     b. Upon receipt of a properly completed SF-270, the funds will be

 requested through the field office terminal system. Ordinarily, payment

 will be made within 30 days after receipt of a proper request for

 reimbursement.

     c. Non-Federal Entities may use women- and minority-owned banks (a

 bank which is owned at least 50 percent by women or minority group

 members) for the deposit and disbursement of funds.

     3. Reporting. a. Any change in the scope of the project, budget

 adjustments of more than 10 percent of the total budget, or any other

 significant change in the project must be reported to and approved by

 the approval official by written amendment to the grant agreement. Any

 change not approved may be cause for termination of the grant.

     b. Non-Federal Entities shall constantly monitor performance to

 ensure that time schedules are being met, projected work by time

 periods is being accomplished, and other performance objectives are

 being achieved. The Non-Federal Entity will provide project reports as

 follows:

     i. SF-425, ``Financial Status Report (short form),'' and a project

 performance activity report will be required of all Non-Federal

 Entities on a quarterly basis, due 30 days after the end of each

 quarter.

     ii. A final project performance report will be required with the

 last SF-425 due 90 days after the end of the last quarter in which the

 project is completed. The final report may serve as the last quarterly

 report.

     iii. All multi-State Non-Federal Entities are to submit an original

 of each report to the National Office. Non-Federal Entities serving

 only one State are to submit an original of each report to the State

 Office. The project performance reports should detail, preferably in a

 narrative format,



 [[Page 88210]]



 activities that have transpired for the specific time period.

     c. Financial reporting. The Non-Federal Entity will provide an

 audit report or financial statements as follows:

     i. Non-Federal Entities expending $750,000 or more Federal funds

 per fiscal year will submit an audit conducted in accordance with 2 CFR

 part 200 The audit will be submitted within nine months after the Non-

 Federal Entity's fiscal year. Additional audits may be required if the

 project period covers more than one fiscal year.

     ii. Non-Federal Entities expending less than $750,000 will provide

 annual financial statements covering the grant period, consisting of

 the organization's statement of income and expense and balance sheet

 signed by an appropriate official of the organization. Financial

 statements will be submitted within 90 days after the Non-Federal

 Entity's fiscal year.

     iii. Recipient and Subrecipient Reporting. The applicant must have

 the necessary processes and systems in place to comply with the

 reporting requirements for first-tier sub-awards and executive

 compensation under the Federal Funding Accountability and Transparency

 Act of 2006 in the event the applicant receives funding unless such

 applicant is exempt from such reporting requirements pursuant to 2 CFR

 part 170, Sec.  170.110(b). The reporting requirements under the

 Transparency Act pursuant to 2 CFR part 170 are as follows:

     (1) First Tier Sub-Awards of $25,000 or more in non-Recovery Act

 funds (unless they are exempt under 2 CFR part 170) must be reported by

 the Recipient to http://www.fsrs.gov no later than the end of the month

 following the month the obligation was made.

     (2) The Total Compensation of the Recipient's Executives (five most

 highly compensated executives) must be reported by the Recipient (if

 the Recipient meets the criteria under 2 CFR part 170) to
https://www.sam.gov/portal/SAM/#1 by the end of the month following the month

 in which the award was made.

     (3) The Total Compensation of the Subrecipient's Executives (five

 most highly compensated executives) must be reported by the

 Subrecipient (if the Subrecipient meets the criteria under 2 CFR part

 170) to the Recipient by the end of the month following the month in

 which the subaward was made.



 G. Federal Awarding Agency Contacts



     1. Web site: http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/water
-waste-disposal-revolving-loan-funds. The RUS Web site maintains up-to-date

 resources and contact information for the RFP.

     2. Phone: (202) 720-9640.

     3. Fax: (202) 690-0649.

     4. Email: lisa.chesnel@wdc.usda.gov

     5. Main point of contact: Lisa Chesnel, Community Programs

 Specialist, Water and Environmental Programs, Rural Utilities Service,

 Rural Development, U.S. Department of Agriculture.



 H. Other Information



     1. USDA Non-Discrimination Statement. In accordance with Federal

 civil rights law and U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) civil rights

 regulations and policies, the USDA, its Agencies, offices, and

 employees, and institutions participating in or administering USDA

 programs are prohibited from discriminating based on race, color,

 national origin, religion, sex, gender identity (including gender

 expression), sexual orientation, disability, age, marital status,

 family/parental status, income derived from a public assistance

 program, political beliefs, or reprisal or retaliation for prior civil

 rights activity, in any program or activity conducted or funded by USDA

 (not all bases apply to all programs). Remedies and complaint filing

 deadlines vary by program or incident.

     Persons with disabilities who require alternative means of

 communication for program information (e.g., Braille, large print,

 audiotape, American Sign Language, etc.) should contact the responsible

 Agency or USDA's TARGET Center at (202) 720-2600 (voice and TTY) or

 contact USDA through the Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339.

 Additionally, program information may be made available in languages

 other than English.

     To file a program discrimination complaint, complete the USDA

 Program Discrimination Complaint Form, AD-3027, found online at
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html and at any USDA office or

 write a letter addressed to USDA and provide in the letter all of the

 information requested in the form. To request a copy of the complaint

 form, call (866) 632-9992. Submit your completed form or letter to USDA

 by:

     (1) Mail: U.S. Department of Agriculture, Office of the Assistant

 Secretary for Civil Rights, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington,

 DC 20250-9410; (2) fax: (202) 690-7442; or (3) email:

 program.intake@usda.gov

     USDA is an equal opportunity provider, employer, and lender.



 Brandon McBride,

 Administrator, Rural Utilities Service.

 [FR Doc. 2016-29335 Filed 12-6-16; 8:45 am]

  BILLING CODE 3410-15-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               8 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 31, 2016 Thursday

Grant and Loan Application Deadlines

LENGTH: 5771  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington, DC:  This Notice document was issued by the Rural Utilities Service
(RUS)



 Action



 Notice of Funding Availability (NOFA), Revolving Fund Program.

 Summary



 The Rural Utilities Service (RUS) announces its Revolving Fund Program (RFP)
application window for Fiscal Year (FY) 2016. The RFP is authorized under
section 306(a)(2)(B) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (Con
Act), 7 U.S.C. 1926(a)(2)(B). Under the RFP, qualified private, non-profit
organizations may receive RFP grant funds to establish a lending program for
eligible entities. Eligible entities for the revolving loan fund will be the
same entities eligible, under paragraph 1 or 2 of Section 306(a) of the Con Act,
7 U.S.C. 1926(a)(1) or (b)(2), to obtain a loan, loan guarantee, or grant from
the RUS Water, Waste Disposal, and Wastewater loan and grant programs.





 This year administrative discretion points may be awarded for work plans that:



 1. Direct loans to the smallest communities with the lowest incomes emphasizing
areas where according to the American Community Survey data by census tracts
show that at least 20 percent of the population is living in poverty. This
emphasis will support Rural Development's goal of providing 20 percent of its
funding by 2016 to these areas of need.



 2. Direct loans to areas that lack running water, flush toilets, and modern
sewage disposal systems, and areas which have open sewers and high rates of
disease caused by poor sanitation, in particular, colonias or Substantially
Underserved Trust Areas.



 3. Direct loans that emphasize energy and water efficient components to reduce
costs and increase sustainability of rural systems.

 Dates



 You may submit completed applications for grants on paper or electronically
according to the following deadlines:



     Paper copies must be postmarked and mailed, shipped, or sent overnight no
later than May 31, 2016 to be eligible for FY 2016 grant funding. Late or
incomplete applications will not be eligible for FY 2016 grant funding.

     Electronic copies must be received by May 31, 2016 to be eligible for FY
2016 grant funding. Late or incomplete applications will not be eligible for FY
2016 grant funding.



 Addresses



 You may obtain application guides and materials for the RFP program at the
Water and Environmental Programs (WEP) Web site:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/water
-waste-disposal-revolving-loan-funds. You may also request application guides
and materials by contacting Lisa Chesnel at (202) 720-0499.



 Submit electronic grant applications at http://www.grants.gov/ and follow the
instructions on the Web site.



 Submit completed paper applications for RFP grants to, Rural Utilities Service,
Rural Development, U.S. Department of Agriculture, 1400 Independence Avenue SW.,
Room 2234, STOP 1570, Washington, DC 20250-1570. Applications should be marked
Attention: Lisa Chesnel, Water and Environmental Programs.

 For Further Information Contact



 Lisa Chesnel, Community Programs Specialist, Water and Environmental Programs,
Rural Utilities Service, Rural Development, U.S. Department of Agriculture STOP
1570, Room 2234-S, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-1570;
Telephone: (202) 720-0499: Fax: (202) 690-0649.

 Supplementary Information

 Overview



 Federal Agency: Rural Utilities Service (RUS), USDA.



 Funding Opportunity Title: Grant Program to Establish a Fund for Financing
Water and Wastewater Projects (Revolving Fund Program (RFP)).



 Announcement Type: Notice of Funding Availability.



 Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance (CFDA) Number: 10.864.



 Due Date for Applications: Applications must be mailed, shipped or submitted
electronically through Grants.gov no later than May 31, 2016 to be eligible for
FY 2016 grant funding.

 Items in Supplementary Information



 A. Program Description: Brief introduction to the RFP.



 B. Federal Award Information: $1,000,000.00.



 C. Eligibility Information: Who is eligible, what kinds of projects are
eligible, what criteria determine basic eligibility.



 D. Application and Submission Information: Where to get application materials,
what constitutes a completed application, how and where to submit applications,
deadlines, items that are eligible.



 E. Application Review Information: Considerations and preferences, scoring
criteria, review standards, selection information.



 F. Federal Award Administration Information: Award notice information, award
recipient reporting requirements.



 G. Federal Awarding Agency Contacts: Web site, phone, fax, email, contact name.




 H. Other Information: Non-discrimination Statement.

 A. Program Description



 Drinking water systems are basic and vital to both health and economic
development. With dependable water facilities, rural communities can attract
families and businesses that will invest in the community and improve the
quality of life for all residents. Without dependable water facilities, the
communities cannot sustain economic development.



 RUS provides financial and technical assistance to help communities bring safe
drinking water and sanitary, environmentally sound waste disposal facilities to
rural Americans. It supports the sound development of rural communities and the
growth of our economy without endangering the environment.



 The Revolving Fund Program (RFP) was established under 7 U.S.C. part 1783 to
assist communities with water or wastewater systems. Qualified private,
non-profit organizations, who are selected for funding, will receive RFP grant
funds to establish a lending program for eligible entities. Eligible entities
for the revolving loan fund will be those entities eligible under 7 U.S.C.
1926(a)(1) and (2) to obtain a loan, loan guarantee, or grant from the Water and
Waste Disposal loan and grant programs administered by RUS. As grant recipients,
the non-profit organizations will set up a revolving loan fund to provide loans
to finance predevelopment costs of water or wastewater projects, or short-term
small capital projects not part of the regular operation and maintenance of
current water and wastewater systems. The amount of financing to an eligible
entity shall not exceed $100,000.00 and shall be repaid in a term not to exceed
10 years. The rate shall be determined in the approved grant work plan.

 B. Federal Award Information



 Available funds: $1,000,000.

 C. Eligibility Information

 1. Eligible Applicants



 An applicant is eligible to apply for the RFP grant if it:



 a. Is a private, non-profit organization;



 b. Is legally established and located within one of the following:



 i. A state within the United States;



 ii. The District of Columbia;



 iii. The Commonwealth of Puerto Rico; or



 iv. A United States territory;



 c. Has the legal capacity and authority to carry out the grant purpose;



 d. Has a proven record of successfully operating a revolving loan fund to rural
areas;



 e. Has capitalization acceptable to the Agency, and is composed of at least 51
percent of the outstanding interest or membership being citizens of the United
States or individuals who reside in the United States after being legally
admitted for permanent residence;



 f. Has no delinquent debt to the Federal government or no outstanding judgments
to repay a Federal debt;



 g. Demonstrates that it possesses the financial, technical, and managerial
capability to comply with Federal and state laws and requirements; and



 h. Is not a corporation that has been convicted of a felony (or had an officer
or agent acting on behalf of the corporation convicted of a felony) within the
past 24 months. Any Corporation that has any unpaid Federal tax liability that
has been assessed, for which all judicial and administrative remedies have been
exhausted or have lapsed, and that is not being paid in a timely manner pursuant
to an agreement with the authority responsible for collecting the tax liability
is not eligible.

 2. Cost Sharing or Matching



 Applicants must contribute at least 20 percent of funds from sources other than
the proceeds of an RFP grant to pay part of the cost of a loan recipient's
project. In-kind contribution will not be considered.

 3. Other: What are the basic eligibility requirements for a project?



 a. The following activities are authorized under the RFP statute:



 i. Grant funds must be used to capitalize a revolving fund program for the
purpose of providing direct loan financing to eligible entities for
pre-development costs associated with proposed or with existing water and
wastewater systems, or,



 ii. Short-term costs incurred for equipment replacement, small-scale extension
of services, or other small capital projects that are not part of the regular
operations and maintenance activities of existing water and wastewater systems.



 b. Grant funds may not be used to pay any of the following:



 i. Payment of the Grant Recipient's administrative costs or expenses, or,



 ii. Delinquent debt owed to the Federal Government.

 D. Application and Submission Information

 1. Address To Request Application Package



 a. The Internet: http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/water
-waste-disposal-revolving-loan-funds or Grants.gov Web site: http://www.grants.
gov/.



 b. For paper copies of these materials, you may call (202) 720-9583.

 2. Content and Form of Application Submission



 a. You may file an application in either paper or electronic format. To be
considered for support, you must be an eligible entity and must submit a
complete application by the deadline date. You should consult the cost
principles and general administrative requirements for grants pertaining to
their organizational type in order to prepare the budget and complete other
parts of the application. You also must demonstrate compliance (or intent to
comply), through certification or other means, with a number of public policy
requirements. Applications should be prepared in conformance with 7 CFR part
1783, and departmental and other applicable regulations including 2 CFR parts
180, 182, 200, 400 and 421, or any successor regulations.



 Whether you file a paper or an electronic application, you will need a DUNS
number and must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM). Detailed
information on obtaining a DUNS number and registering for SAM may be found in
section D(3).



 b. Applicants must complete and submit the following forms to apply for a RFP
grant:



 i. Standard Form 424, "Application for Federal Assistance".



 ii. Standard Form 424A, "Budget Information--Non-Construction Programs".



 iii. Standard Form 424B, "Assurances--Non-Construction Programs".



 iv. Standard Form LLL, "Disclosure of Lobbying Activity".



 v. Form RD 400-1, "Equal Opportunity Agreement".



 vi. Form RD 400-4, "Assurance Agreement (Under Title VI, Civil Rights Act of
1964).



 c. The project proposal should outline the project in sufficient detail to
provide a reader with a complete understanding of how the loan program will
work. Explain what you will accomplish by lending funds to eligible entities.
Demonstrate the feasibility of the proposed loan program in meeting the
objectives of this grant program. The proposal should cover the following
elements:



 i. Present a brief project overview. Explain the purpose of the project, how it
relates to RUS's purposes, how you will carry out the project, what the project
will produce, and who will direct it.



 ii. Describe why the project is necessary. Demonstrate that eligible entities
need loan funds. Quantify the number of prospective borrowers or provide
statistical or narrative evidence that a sufficient number of borrowers will
exist to justify the grant award. Describe the service area. Address community
needs.



 iii. Clearly state your project goals. Your objectives should clearly describe
the goals and be concrete and specific enough to be quantitative or observable.
They should also be feasible and relate to the purpose of the loan program.



 iv. The narrative should cover in more detail the items briefly described in
the Project Summary. It should establish the basis for any claims that you have
substantial expertise in promoting the safe and productive use of revolving
funds. In describing what the project will achieve, you should tell the reader
if it also will have broader influence. The narrative should address the
following points:



 (1) Document your ability to administer and service a revolving fund in
accordance with the provisions of 7 CFR part 1783.



 (2) Document your ability to commit financial resources to establish the RFP
with funds your organization controls. This documentation should describe the
sources of funds other than the RFP grant that will be used to pay your
operational costs and provide financial assistance for projects.



 (3) Demonstrate that you have secured commitments of significant financial
support from other funding sources, if appropriate.



 (4) List the fees and charges that borrowers will be assessed.



 v. The work plan must describe the tasks and activities that will be
accomplished with available resources during the grant period. It must show the
work you plan to do to achieve the anticipated outcomes, goals, and objectives
set out for the RFP. The plan must:



 (1) Describe the work to be performed by each person.



 (2) Give a schedule or timetable of work to be done.



 (3) Show evidence of previous experience with the techniques to be used or
their successful use by others.



 (4) Outline the loan program to include the following: Specific loan purposes,
a loan application process, priorities, borrower eligibility criteria,
limitations, fees, interest rates, terms, and collateral requirements.



 (5) Provide a marketing plan.



 (6) Explain the mechanics of how you will transfer loan funds to the borrowers.




 (7) Describe follow-up or continuing activities that should occur after project
completion such as monitoring and reporting borrowers' accomplishments.



 (8) Describe how the results will be evaluated. The evaluation criteria should
be in line with the project objectives.



 (9) List all personnel responsible for administering this program along with a
statement of their qualifications and experience.



 vi. The written justification for projected costs should explain how budget
figures were determined for each category. It should indicate which costs are to
be covered by grant funds and which costs will be met by your organization or
other organizations. The justification should account for all expenditures
discussed in the narrative. It should reflect appropriate cost-sharing
contributions. The budget justification should explain the budget and accounting
system proposed or in place. The administrative costs for operating the budget
should be expressed as a percentage of the overall budget. The budget
justification should provide specific budget figures, rounding off figures to
the nearest dollar. Applicants should consult 2 CFR 200, Subpart E, "Cost
Principals," for information about appropriate costs for each budget category.



 vii. In addition to completing the standard application forms, you must submit:




 (1) Supplementary material that demonstrate that your organization is legally
recognized under state or Tribal and Federal law. Satisfactory documentation
includes, but is not limited to, certificates from the Secretary of State, or
copies of state statutes or laws establishing your organization. Letters from
the IRS awarding tax-exempt status are not considered adequate evidence.



 (2) A certified list of directors and officers with their respective terms.



 (3) Evidence of tax exempt status from the IRS.



 (4) The most recent audit of your organization.



 (5) The following financial statements:



 (a) A pro forma balance sheet at start-up and for at least three additional
years; Balance sheets, income statements, and cash flow statements for the last
three years.



 (b) If your organization has been formed less than three years, the financial
statements should be submitted for the periods from inception to the present.
Projected income and cash flow statements for at least three years supported by
a list of assumptions showing the basis for the projections. The projected
income statement and balance sheet must include one set of projections that
shows the revolving loan fund only and a separate set of projections that shows
your organization's total operations.



 (6) Additional information to support and describe your plan for achieving the
grant objectives. The information may be regarded as essential for understanding
and evaluating the project and may be found in letters of support, as
resolutions, policies, and other relevant documents. The supplements may be
presented in appendices to the proposal.



 d. Compliance with other federal statutes:



 The applicant must provide evidence of compliance with other federal statutes,
including but not limited to the following:



 i. Debarment and suspension information is required in accordance with 2 CFR
part 417 (Nonprocurement Debarment and Suspension) supplemented by 2 CFR part
180, if it applies. The section heading is "What information must I provide
before entering into a covered transaction with the Federal Government?" located
at 2 CFR 180.335. It is part of OMB's Guidance for Grants and Agreements
concerning Government-wide Debarment and Suspension.



 ii. All of your organization's known workplaces by including the actual address
of buildings (or parts of buildings) or other sites where work under the award
takes place. Workplace identification is required under the drug-free workplace
requirements in Subpart B of 2 CFR part 421, which adopts the Government-wide
implementation (2 CFR part 182) of the Drug-Free Workplace Act.



 iii. 2 CFR parts 200 and 400 (Uniform Assistance Requirements, Cost Principles
and Audit Requirements for Federal Awards).



 iv. 2 CFR part 182 (Governmentwide Requirements for Drug-Free Workplace
(Financial Assistance)) and 2 CFR part 421 (Requirements for Drug Free Workplace
(Financial Assistance)).



 v. Executive Order 13166, "Improving Access to Services for Persons with
Limited English Proficiency." For information on limited English proficiency and
agency-specific guidance, go to http://www.LEP.gov.



 e. Requirements for numbers of copies of submitted applications:



 i. Send or deliver paper applications by the U.S. Postal Service (USPS) or
courier delivery services to: Water and Environmental Programs, Rural Utilities
Service, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Attention: Lisa Chesnel, Mail STOP 1570,
Room 2233-S, Washington, DC, 20250-1570.



 ii. For paper applications mail or ensure delivery of an original paper
application (no stamped, photocopied, or initialed signatures) and two copies by
the deadline date. The application and any materials sent with it become Federal
records by law and cannot be returned to you.



 iii. Electronically submitted applications:



 (1). Applications will not be accepted by fax or electronic mail.



 (2). Electronic applications for grants will be accepted if submitted through
Grants.gov.



 (3). Applicants must preregister successfully with Grants.gov to use the
electronic applications option. Application information may be downloaded from
Grants.gov without preregistration.



 (4). Applicants who apply through Grants.gov should submit their electronic
applications before the deadline.



 (5). Grants.gov contains full instructions on all required passwords,
credentialing, and software. Follow the instructions at Grants.gov for
registering and submitting an electronic application.



 (6). Grants.gov has two preregistration requirements: A DUNS number and an
active registration in the SAM. See section D(3) below for instructions on
obtaining a DUNS number and registering in the SAM.

 3. Unique Entity Identifier and System for Award Management (SAM)



 The applicant for a grant must supply a Dun and Bradstreet Data Universal
Numbering System (DUNS) number as part of an application. The Standard Form 424
(SF-424) contains a field for the DUNS number. The applicant can obtain the DUNS
number free of charge by calling Dun and Bradstreet. Please see
http://fedgov.dnb.com/webform for more information on how to obtain a DUNS
number or how to verify your organization's number.



 In accordance with 2 CFR part 25, whether applying electronically or by paper,
the applicant must register in the System for Award Management (SAM) prior to
submitting an application. Applicants may register for the SAM at
https://www.sam.gov/portal/SAM/#1. The SAM registration must remain active with
current information at all times while RUS is considering an application or
while a Federal Grant award or loan is active. To remain registered in the SAM
database the applicant must review and update the information in the SAM
database annually from date of initial registration or from the date of the last
update. The applicant must ensure that the information in the database is
current, accurate, and complete.

 4. Submission Dates and Times



 You may submit completed applications for grants on paper or electronically
according to the following deadlines:



 a. Paper copies must be postmarked and mailed, shipped, or sent overnight no
later than May 31, 2016 to be eligible for FY 2016 grant funding. Late or
incomplete applications will not be eligible for FY 2016 grant funding.



 b. Electronic copies must be received by May 31, 2016 to be eligible for FY
2016 grant funding. Late or incomplete applications will not be eligible for FY
2016 grant funding.

 5. Funding Restrictions



 Grant proceeds may be used solely to establish the revolving loan fund to
provide loans to eligible entities for: Pre-development costs associated with
proposed or existing water and wastewater projects, and short-term costs
incurred for replacement equipment or other small capital projects not part of
regular operations and maintenance of existing water and wastewater systems.
Grant recipients may not use grant funds in any manner inconsistent with the
purposes described in 7 CFR 1783.12 or in the terms of the grant agreement.
Administrative expenses may, however, be paid or reimbursed from revolving loan
fund assets that are not RFP grant funds, including revolved funds and case
originally contributed by the grant recipient.

 E. Application Review Information



 Within 30 days of receiving your application, RUS will send you a letter of
acknowledgment. Your application will be reviewed for completeness to determine
if you included all of the items required. If your application is incomplete or
ineligible, RUS will return it to you with an explanation. A review team,
composed of at least two RUS staff members, will evaluate all applications and
proposals. They will make overall recommendations based on factors such as
eligibility, application completeness, and conformity to application
requirements. They will score the applications based on criteria in the
following section.

 1. Criteria



 All applications that are complete and eligible will be ranked competitively
based on the following scoring criteria:



 a. Degree of expertise and successful experience in making and servicing
commercial loans, with a successful record, for the following number of full
years:



 i. At least 1 but less than 3 years--5 points.



 ii. At least 3 but less than 5 years--10 points.



 iii. At least 5 but less than 10 years--20 points.



 iv. 10 or more years--30 points.



 b. Extent to which the work plan demonstrates a well thought out, comprehensive
approach to accomplishing the objectives of this part, clearly defines who will
be served by the project, clearly articulates the problem/issues to be
addressed, identifies the service area to be covered by the RFP loans and
appears likely to be sustainable; Up to 40 points.



 c. Percentage of applicant contributions. Points allowed under this paragraph
will be based on written evidence of the availability of funds from sources
other than the proceeds of an RFP grant to pay part of the cost of a loan
recipient's project. In-kind contributions will not be considered. Funds from
other sources as a percentage of the RFP grant and points corresponding to such
percentages are as follows:



 i. Less than 20 percent--ineligible.



 ii. At least 20 percent but less than 50 percent--10 points.



 iii. 50 percent or more--20 points.



 d. Extent to which the goals and objectives are clearly defined, tied to the
work plan, and are measurable; Up to 15 points.



 e. Lowest ratio of projected administrative expenses to loans advanced; Up to
10 points.



 f. The evaluation methods for considering loan applications and making RFP
loans are specific to the program, clearly defined, measurable, and are
consistent with program outcomes; Up to 20 points.



 g. Administrator's discretion points up to 10 points may be awarded.



 To the maximum extent possible, there should be an emphasis on high poverty
areas in rural communities and rural areas with the lowest incomes, particularly
those areas where at least 45 percent of children qualify for the National
School Lunch Program. This emphasis will support Rural Development's goal of
providing 20 percent of its funding by 2016 to these areas of need.



 Factors include:



 i. Directs loans to the smallest communities with the lowest incomes
emphasizing areas where according to the American Community Survey data by
census tracts show that at least 20 percent of the population is living in
poverty.



 ii. Directs loans to areas which lack running water, flush toilets, and modern
sewage disposal systems, and areas which have open sewers and high rates of
disease caused by poor sanitation, in particular, colonias or Substantially
Underserved Trust Areas.



 iii. Directs loans that emphasize energy and water efficient components to
reduce costs and increase sustainability of rural systems.

 2. Review and Selection Process



 RUS will rank all qualifying applications by their final score. Applications
will be selected for funding, based on the highest scores and the availability
of funding for RFP grants. Each applicant will be notified in writing of the
score its application receives.



 a. In making its decision about your application, RUS may determine that your
application is:



 i. Eligible and selected for funding,



 ii. Eligible but offered fewer funds than requested,



 iii. Eligible but not selected for funding, or



 iv. Ineligible for the grant.



 b. In accordance with 7 CFR part 1900, subpart B, you generally have the right
to appeal adverse decisions. Some adverse decisions cannot be appealed. For
example, if you are denied RUS funding due to a lack of funds available for the
grant program, this decision cannot be appealed. However, you may make a request
to the National Appeals Division (NAD) to review the accuracy of our finding
that the decision cannot be appealed. The appeal must be in writing and filed at
the appropriate regional office, which can be found at www.nad.usda.gov or by
calling (703) 305-1166.

 F. Federal Award Administration Information

 1. Federal Award Notices



 RUS generally notifies by mail applicants whose projects are selected for
awards. However, the receipt of an award letter does not serve to authorize the
applicant to commence performance under the award. RUS follows the award letter
with an agreement containing terms and conditions for the grant. Applicants
selected for funding will complete and return grant agreement, which outlines
the terms and conditions of the grant award.

 2. Administrative and National Policy Requirements



 The items listed in Section D of this notice, the RFP program regulation and
departmental and other regulations including 2 CFR parts 180, 182, 200, 400, 421
and any successor regulations implement the appropriate administrative and
national policy requirements, which include but are not limited to:



 a. SF-270, "Request for Advance or Reimbursement," will be completed by the
Non-Federal Entity and submitted to either the state or national office no more
frequently than monthly.



 b. Upon receipt of a properly completed SF-270, the funds will be requested
through the field office terminal system. Ordinarily, payment will be made
within 30 days after receipt of a proper request for reimbursement.



 c. Non-Federal Entities may use women- and minority-owned banks (a bank which
is owned at least 50 percent by women or minority group members) for the deposit
and disbursement of funds.

 3. Reporting



 a. Any change in the scope of the project, budget adjustments of more than 10
percent of the total budget, or any other significant change in the project must
be reported to and approved by the approval official by written amendment to the
grant agreement. Any change not approved may be cause for termination of the
grant.



 b. Non-Federal Entities shall constantly monitor performance to ensure that
time schedules are being met, projected work by time periods is being
accomplished, and other performance objectives are being achieved. The
Non-Federal Entity will provide project reports as follows:



 i. SF-425, "Financial Status Report (short form)," and a project performance
activity report will be required of all Non-Federal Entities on a quarterly
basis, due 30 days after the end of each quarter.



 ii. A final project performance report will be required with the last SF-425
due 90 days after the end of the last quarter in which the project is completed.
The final report may serve as the last quarterly report.



 iii. All multi-State Non-Federal Entities are to submit an original of each
report to the National Office. Non-Federal Entities serving only one State are
to submit an original of each report to the State Office. The project
performance reports should detail, preferably in a narrative format, activities
that have transpired for the specific time period.



 c. Financial reporting. The Non-Federal Entity will provide an audit report or
financial statements as follows:



 i. Non-Federal Entities expending $750,000 or more Federal funds per fiscal
year will submit an audit conducted in accordance with 2 CFR part 200 The audit
will be submitted within nine months after the Non-Federal Entity's fiscal year.
Additional audits may be required if the project period covers more than one
fiscal year.



 ii. Non-Federal Entities expending less than $750,000 will provide annual
financial statements covering the grant period, consisting of the organization's
statement of income and expense and balance sheet signed by an appropriate
official of the organization. Financial statements will be submitted within 90
days after the Non-Federal Entity's fiscal year.



 iii. Recipient and Subrecipient Reporting. The applicant must have the
necessary processes and systems in place to comply with the reporting
requirements for first-tier sub-awards and executive compensation under the
Federal Funding Accountability and Transparency Act of 2006 in the event the
applicant receives funding unless such applicant is exempt from such reporting
requirements pursuant to 2 CFR part 170, ]&thinsp;170.110(b). The reporting
requirements under the Transparency Act pursuant to 2 CFR part 170 are as
follows:



 (1) First Tier Sub-Awards of $25,000 or more in non-Recovery Act funds (unless
they are exempt under 2 CFR part 170) must be reported by the Recipient to
http://www.fsrs.gov no later than the end of the month following the month the
obligation was made.



 (2) The Total Compensation of the Recipient's Executives (five most highly
compensated executives) must be reported by the Recipient (if the Recipient
meets the criteria under 2 CFR part 170) to https://www.sam.gov/portal/SAM/#1 by
the end of the month following the month in which the award was made.



 (3) The Total Compensation of the Subrecipient's Executives (five most highly
compensated executives) must be reported by the Subrecipient (if the
Subrecipient meets the criteria under 2 CFR part 170) to the Recipient by the
end of the month following the month in which the subaward was made.

 G. Federal Awarding Agency Contacts



 1. Web site: http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/water
-waste-disposal-revolving-loan-funds. The RUS Web site maintains up-to-date
resources and contact information for the RFP.



 2. Phone: (202) 720-9640.



 3. Fax: (202) 690-0649.



 4. Email: lisa.chesnel@wdc.usda.gov



 5. Main point of contact: Lisa Chesnel, Community Programs Specialist, Water
and Environmental Programs, Rural Utilities Service, Rural Development, U.S.
Department of Agriculture.

 H. Other Information

 1. USDA Non-Discrimination Statement



 In accordance with Federal civil rights law and U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) civil rights regulations and policies, the USDA, its Agencies, offices,
and employees, and institutions participating in or administering USDA programs
are prohibited from discriminating based on race, color, national origin,
religion, sex, gender identity (including gender expression), sexual
orientation, disability, age, marital status, family/parental status, income
derived from a public assistance program, political beliefs, or reprisal or
retaliation for prior civil rights activity, in any program or activity
conducted or funded by USDA (not all bases apply to all programs). Remedies and
complaint filing deadlines vary by program or incident.



 Persons with disabilities who require alternative means of communication for
program information (e.g., Braille, large print, audiotape, American Sign
Language, etc.) should contact the responsible Agency or USDA's TARGET Center at
(202) 720-2600 (voice and TTY) or contact USDA through the Federal Relay Service
at (800) 877-8339. Additionally, program information may be made available in
languages other than English.



 To file a program discrimination complaint, complete the USDA Program
Discrimination Complaint Form, AD-3027, found online at
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html and at any USDA office or
write a letter addressed to USDA and provide in the letter all of the
information requested in the form. To request a copy of the complaint form, call
(866) 632-9992. Submit your completed form or letter to USDA by:



 (1) Mail: U.S. Department of Agriculture, Office of the Assistant Secretary for
Civil Rights, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-9410;



 (2) Fax: (202) 690-7442; or



 (3) Email: program.intake@usda.gov



 USDA is an equal opportunity provider, employer, and lender.

 Dated: February 29, 2016.

 Brandon McBride,

 Administrator, Rural Utilities Service.

 [FR Doc. 2016-07309 Filed 3-30-16; 8:45 am]

 BILLING CODE P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               9 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 7, 2016 Wednesday

Grant and Loan Application Deadlines

LENGTH: 5729  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington, DC:  This Notice document was issued by the Rural Utilities Service
(RUS)



  Action



 Notice of Solicitation of Applications (NOSA), Revolving Fund Program.

 Summary



 The Rural Utilities Service (RUS) announces its Revolving Fund Program (RFP)
application window for Fiscal Year (FY) 2017. The RFP is authorized under
section 306(a)(2)(B) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (Con
Act), 7 U.S.C. 1926(a)(2)(B). Under the RFP, qualified private, non-profit
organizations may receive RFP grant funds to establish a lending program for
eligible entities. Eligible entities for the revolving loan fund will be the
same entities eligible, under paragraph 1 or 2 of Section 306(a) of the Con Act,
7 U.S.C. 1926(a)(1) or (b)(2), to obtain a loan, loan guarantee, or grant from
the RUS Water, Waste Disposal, and Wastewater loan and grant programs.





 This year administrative discretion points may be awarded for work plans that:



 1. Direct loans to the smallest communities with the lowest incomes emphasizing
areas where according to the American Community Survey data by census tracts
show that at least 20 percent of the population is living in poverty.



 2. Direct loans to areas that lack running water, flush toilets, and modern
sewage disposal systems, and areas which have open sewers and high rates of
disease caused by poor sanitation, in particular, colonias or Substantially
Underserved Trust Areas.



 3. Direct loans that emphasize energy and water efficient components to reduce
costs and increase sustainability of rural systems.

 Dates



 You may submit completed applications for grants on paper or electronically
according to the following deadlines:



     Paper copies must be postmarked and mailed, shipped, or sent overnight no
later than February 6, 2017 to be eligible for FY 2017 grant funding. Late or
incomplete applications will not be eligible for FY 2017 grant funding.

     Electronic copies must be received by February 6, 2017 to be eligible for
FY 2017 grant funding. Late or incomplete applications will not be eligible for
FY 2017 grant funding.



 Addresses



 You may obtain application guides and materials for the RFP program at the
Water and Environmental Programs (WEP) Web site:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/water
-waste-disposal-revolving-loan-funds. You may also request application guides
and materials by contacting Lisa Chesnel at (202) 720-0499.



 Submit electronic grant applications at http://www.grants.gov/ and follow the
instructions on the Web site.



 Submit completed paper applications for RFP grants to, Rural Utilities Service,
Rural Development, U.S. Department of Agriculture, 1400 Independence Avenue SW.,
Room 2234, STOP 1570, Washington, DC 20250-1570. Applications should be marked
Attention: Lisa Chesnel, Water and Environmental Programs.

 For Further Information Contact



 Lisa Chesnel, Community Programs Specialist, Water and Environmental Programs,
Rural Utilities Service, Rural Development, U.S. Department of Agriculture STOP
1570, Room 2234-S, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-1570;
Telephone: (202) 720-0499: Fax: (202) 690-0649.

 Supplementary Information

 Overview



 Federal Agency: Rural Utilities Service (RUS), USDA.



 Funding Opportunity Title: Grant Program to Establish a Fund for Financing
Water and Wastewater Projects (Revolving Fund Program (RFP)).



 Announcement Type: Notice of Solicitation of Applications.



 Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance (CFDA) Number: 10.864.



 Due Date for Applications: Applications must be mailed, shipped or submitted
electronically through Grants.gov no later than February 6, 2017 to be eligible
for FY 2017 grant funding.



 Items in Supplementary Information



 A. Program Description: Brief introduction to the RFP.



 B. Federal Award Information: To be announced.



 C. Eligibility Information: Who is eligible, what kinds of projects are
eligible, what criteria determine basic eligibility.



 D. Application and Submission Information: Where to get application materials,
what constitutes a completed application, how and where to submit applications,
deadlines, items that are eligible.



 E. Application Review Information: Considerations and preferences, scoring
criteria, review standards, selection information.



 F. Federal Award Administration Information: Award notice information, award
recipient reporting requirements.



 G. Federal Awarding Agency Contacts: Web site, phone, fax, email, contact name.




 H. Other Information: Non-discrimination Statement.

 A. Program Description



 Drinking water systems are basic and vital to both health and economic
development. With dependable water facilities, rural communities can attract
families and businesses that will invest in the community and improve the
quality of life for all residents. Without dependable water facilities, the
communities cannot sustain economic development.



 RUS provides financial and technical assistance to help communities bring safe
drinking water and sanitary, environmentally sound waste disposal facilities to
rural Americans. It supports the sound development of rural communities and the
growth of our economy without endangering the environment.



 The Revolving Fund Program (RFP) was established under 7 U.S.C. part 1783 to
assist communities with water or wastewater systems. Qualified private,
non-profit organizations, who are selected for funding, will receive RFP grant
funds to establish a lending program for eligible entities. Eligible entities
for the revolving loan fund will be those entities eligible under 7
U.S.C.1926(a)(1) and (2) to obtain a loan, loan guarantee, or grant from the
Water and Waste Disposal loan and grant programs administered by RUS. As grant
recipients, the non-profit organizations will set up a revolving loan fund to
provide loans to finance predevelopment costs of water or wastewater projects,
or short-term small capital projects not part of the regular operation and
maintenance of current water and wastewater systems. The amount of financing to
an eligible entity shall not exceed $100,000.00 and shall be repaid in a term
not to exceed 10 years. The rate shall be determined in the approved grant work
plan.

 B. Federal Award Information



 Available funds: To be announced.

 C. Eligibility Information



 1. Eligible Applicants. An applicant is eligible to apply for the RFP grant if
it:



 a. Is a private, non-profit organization;



 b. Is legally established and located within one of the following:



 i. A state within the United States;



 ii. The District of Columbia;



 iii. The Commonwealth of Puerto Rico; or



 iv. A United States territory;



 c. Has the legal capacity and authority to carry out the grant purpose;



 d. Has a proven record of successfully operating a revolving loan fund to rural
areas;



 e. Has capitalization acceptable to the Agency, and is composed of at least 51
percent of the outstanding interest or membership being citizens of the United
States or individuals who reside in the United States after being legally
admitted for permanent residence;



 f. Has no delinquent debt to the Federal government or no outstanding judgments
to repay a Federal debt;



 g. Demonstrates that it possesses the financial, technical, and managerial
capability to comply with Federal and state laws and requirements; and



 h. Is not a corporation that has been convicted of a felony (or had an officer
or agent acting on behalf of the corporation convicted of a felony) within the
past 24 months. Any Corporation that has any unpaid Federal tax liability that
has been assessed, for which all judicial and administrative remedies have been
exhausted or have lapsed, and that is not being paid in a timely manner pursuant
to an agreement with the authority responsible for collecting the tax liability
is not eligible.



 2. Cost Sharing or Matching: Applicants must contribute at least 20 percent of
funds from sources other than the proceeds of an RFP grant to pay part of the
cost of a loan recipient's project. In-kind contribution will not be considered.




 3. Other: What are the basic eligibility requirements for a project?



 a. The following activities are authorized under the RFP statute:



 i. Grant funds must be used to capitalize a revolving fund program for the
purpose of providing direct loan financing to eligible entities for
pre-development costs associated with proposed or with existing water and
wastewater systems, or,



 ii. Short-term costs incurred for equipment replacement, small-scale extension
of services, or other small capital projects that are not part of the regular
operations and maintenance activities of existing water and wastewater systems.



 b. Grant funds may not be used to pay any of the following:



 i. Payment of the Grant Recipient's administrative costs or expenses, or,



 ii. Delinquent debt owed to the Federal Government.

 D. Application and Submission Information



 1. Address to Request Application Package:



 a. The Internet: http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/water
-waste-disposal-revolving-loan-funds or Grants.gov Web site: http://www.grants.
gov/.



 b. For paper copies of these materials, you may call (202) 720-9583.



 2. Content and Form of Application Submission:



 a. You may file an application in either paper or electronic format. To be
considered for support, you must be an eligible entity and must submit a
complete application by the deadline date. Applicants should consult the cost
principles and general administrative requirements for grants pertaining to
their organizational type in order to prepare the budget and complete other
parts of the application. You also must demonstrate compliance (or intent to
comply), through certification or other means, with a number of public policy
requirements. Applications should be prepared in conformance with 7 CFR part
1783, and departmental and other applicable regulations including 2 CFR parts
180, 182, 200, 400 and 421, or any successor regulations.



 Whether you file a paper or an electronic application, you will need a DUNS
number and must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM). Detailed
information on obtaining a DUNS number and registering for SAM may be found in
section D(3).



 b. Applicants must complete and submit the following forms to apply for a RFP
grant:



 i. Standard Form 424, "Application for Federal Assistance".



 ii. Standard Form 424A, "Budget Information--Non-Construction Programs".



 iii. Standard Form 424B, "Assurances--Non-Construction Programs".



 iv. Standard Form LLL, "Disclosure of Lobbying Activity".



 v. Form RD 400-1, "Equal Opportunity Agreement".



 vi. Form RD 400-4, "Assurance Agreement (Under Title VI, Civil Rights Act of
1964).



 c. The project proposal should outline the project in sufficient detail to
provide a reader with a complete understanding of how the loan program will
work. Explain what you will accomplish by lending funds to eligible entities.
Demonstrate the feasibility of the proposed loan program in meeting the
objectives of this grant program. The proposal should cover the following
elements:



 i. Present a brief project overview. Explain the purpose of the project, how it
relates to RUS's purposes, how you will carry out the project, what the project
will produce, and who will direct it.



 ii. Describe why the project is necessary. Demonstrate that eligible entities
need loan funds. Quantify the number of prospective borrowers or provide
statistical or narrative evidence that a sufficient number of borrowers will
exist to justify the grant award. Describe the service area. Address community
needs.



 iii. Clearly state your project goals. Your objectives should clearly describe
the goals and be concrete and specific enough to be quantitative or observable.
They should also be feasible and relate to the purpose of the loan program.



 iv. The narrative should cover in more detail the items briefly described in
the Project Summary. It should establish the basis for any claims that you have
substantial expertise in promoting the safe and productive use of revolving
funds. In describing what the project will achieve, you should tell the reader
if it also will have broader influence. The narrative should address the
following points:



 (1) Document your ability to administer and service a revolving fund in
accordance with the provisions of 7 CFR part 1783.



 (2) Document your ability to commit financial resources to establish the RFP
with funds your organization controls. This documentation should describe the
sources of funds other than the RFP grant that will be used to pay your
operational costs and provide financial assistance for projects.



 (3) Demonstrate that you have secured commitments of significant financial
support from other funding sources, if appropriate.



 (4) List the fees and charges that borrowers will be assessed.



 v. The work plan must describe the tasks and activities that will be
accomplished with available resources during the grant period. It must show the
work you plan to do to achieve the anticipated outcomes, goals, and objectives
set out for the RFP. The plan must:



 (1) Describe the work to be performed by each person.



 (2) Give a schedule or timetable of work to be done.



 (3) Show evidence of previous experience with the techniques to be used or
their successful use by others.



 (4) Outline the loan program to include the following: specific loan purposes,
a loan application process, priorities, borrower eligibility criteria,
limitations, fees, interest rates, terms, and collateral requirements.



 (5) Provide a marketing plan.



 (6) Explain the mechanics of how you will transfer loan funds to the borrowers.




 (7) Describe follow-up or continuing activities that should occur after project
completion such as monitoring and reporting borrowers' accomplishments.



 (8) Describe how the results will be evaluated. The evaluation criteria should
be in line with the project objectives.



 (9) List all personnel responsible for administering this program along with a
statement of their qualifications and experience.



 vi. The written justification for projected costs should explain how budget
figures were determined for each category. It should indicate which costs are to
be covered by grant funds and which costs will be met by your organization or
other organizations. The justification should account for all expenditures
discussed in the narrative. It should reflect appropriate cost-sharing
contributions. The budget justification should explain the budget and accounting
system proposed or in place. The administrative costs for operating the budget
should be expressed as a percentage of the overall budget. The budget
justification should provide specific budget figures, rounding off figures to
the nearest dollar. Applicants should consult 2 CFR 200, Subpart E, "Cost
Principals," for information about appropriate costs for each budget category.



 vii. In addition to completing the standard application forms, you must submit:




 (1) Supplementary material that demonstrate that your organization is legally
recognized under state or Tribal and Federal law. Satisfactory documentation
includes, but is not limited to, certificates from the Secretary of State, or
copies of state statutes or laws establishing your organization. Letters from
the IRS awarding tax-exempt status are not considered adequate evidence.



 (2) A certified list of directors and officers with their respective terms.



 (3) Evidence of tax exempt status from the IRS.



 (4) The most recent audit of your organization.



 (5) The following financial statements:



 (a) A pro forma balance sheet at start-up and for at least three additional
years; Balance sheets, income statements, and cash flow statements for the last
three years.



 (b) If your organization has been formed less than three years, the financial
statements should be submitted for the periods from inception to the present.
Projected income and cash flow statements for at least three years supported by
a list of assumptions showing the basis for the projections. The projected
income statement and balance sheet must include one set of projections that
shows the revolving loan fund only and a separate set of projections that shows
your organization's total operations.



 (6) Additional information to support and describe your plan for achieving the
grant objectives. The information may be regarded as essential for understanding
and evaluating the project and may be found in letters of support, as
resolutions, policies, and other relevant documents. The supplements may be
presented in appendices to the proposal.



 d. Compliance with other federal statutes.



 The applicant must provide evidence of compliance with other federal statutes,
including but not limited to the following:



 i. Debarment and suspension information is required in accordance with 2 CFR
part 417 (Nonprocurement Debarment and Suspension) supplemented by 2 CFR part
180, if it applies. The section heading is "What information must I provide
before entering into a covered transaction with the Federal Government?" located
at 2 CFR 180.335. It is part of OMB's Guidance for Grants and Agreements
concerning Government-wide Debarment and Suspension.



 ii. All of your organization's known workplaces by including the actual address
of buildings (or parts of buildings) or other sites where work under the award
takes place. Workplace identification is required under the drug-free workplace
requirements in Subpart B of 2 CFR part 421, which adopts the Government-wide
implementation (2 CFR part 182) of the Drug-Free Workplace Act.



 iii. 2 CFR parts 200 and 400 (Uniform Assistance Requirements, Cost Principles
and Audit Requirements for Federal Awards).



 iv. 2 CFR part 182 (Governmentwide Requirements for Drug-Free Workplace
(Financial Assistance)) and 2 CFR part 421 (Requirements for Drug Free Workplace
(Financial Assistance)).



 v. Executive Order 13166, "Improving Access to Services for Persons with
Limited English Proficiency." For information on limited English proficiency and
agency-specific guidance, go to http://www.LEP.gov.



 e. Requirements for numbers of copies of submitted applications



 i. Send or deliver paper applications by the U.S. Postal Service (USPS) or
courier delivery services to: Water and Environmental Programs, Rural Utilities
Service, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Attention: Lisa Chesnel, Mail STOP 1570,
Room 2233-S, Washington, DC, 20250-1570.



 ii. For paper applications mail or ensure delivery of an original paper
application (no stamped, photocopied, or initialed signatures) and two copies by
the deadline date. The application and any materials sent with it become Federal
records by law and cannot be returned to you.



 iii. Electronically submitted applications:



 (1). Applications will not be accepted by fax or electronic mail.



 (2). Electronic applications for grants will be accepted if submitted through
Grants.gov.



 (3). Applicants must preregister successfully with Grants.gov to use the
electronic applications option. Application information may be downloaded from
Grants.gov without preregistration.



 (4). Applicants who apply through Grants.gov should submit their electronic
applications before the deadline.



 (5). Grants.gov contains full instructions on all required passwords,
credentialing, and software. Follow the instructions at Grants.gov for
registering and submitting an electronic application.



 (6). Grants.gov has two preregistration requirements: A DUNS number and an
active registration in the SAM. See section D(3) below for instructions on
obtaining a DUNS number and registering in the SAM.



 3. Unique entity identifier and System for Award Management (SAM). The
applicant for a grant must supply a Dun and Bradstreet Data Universal Numbering
System (DUNS) number as part of an application. The Standard Form 424 (SF-424)
contains a field for the DUNS number. The applicant can obtain the DUNS number
free of charge by calling Dun and Bradstreet. Please see http://fedgov.dnb.com
/webform for more information on how to obtain a DUNS number or how to verify
your organization's number.



 In accordance with 2 CFR part 25, whether applying electronically or by paper,
the applicant must register in the System for Award Management (SAM) prior to
submitting an application. Applicants may register for the SAM at
https://www.sam.gov/portal/SAM/#1. The SAM registration must remain active with
current information at all times while RUS is considering an application or
while a Federal Grant award or loan is active. To remain registered in the SAM
database the applicant must review and update the information in the SAM
database annually from date of initial registration or from the date of the last
update. The applicant must ensure that the information in the database is
current, accurate, and complete.



 4. Submission Dates and Times. You may submit completed applications for grants
on paper or electronically according to the following deadlines:



 a. Paper copies must be postmarked and mailed, shipped, or sent overnight no
later than February 6, 2017 to be eligible for FY 2017 grant funding. Late or
incomplete applications will not be eligible for FY 2017 grant funding.



 b. Electronic copies must be received by February 6, 2017 to be eligible for FY
2017 grant funding. Late or incomplete applications will not be eligible for FY
2017 grant funding.



 5. Funding Restrictions. Grant proceeds may be used solely to establish the
revolving loan fund to provide loans to eligible entities for: Pre-development
costs associated with proposed or existing water and wastewater projects, and
short-term costs incurred for replacement equipment or other small capital
projects not part of regular operations and maintenance of existing water and
wastewater systems. Grant recipients may not use grant funds in any manner
inconsistent with the purposes described in 7 CFR 1783.12 or in the terms of the
grant agreement. Administrative expenses may, however, be paid or reimbursed
from revolving loan fund assets that are not RFP grant funds, including revolved
funds and case originally contributed by the grant recipient.

 E. Application Review Information



 Within 30 days of receiving your application, RUS will send you a letter of
acknowledgment. Your application will be reviewed for completeness to determine
if you included all of the items required. If your application is incomplete or
ineligible, RUS will return it to you with an explanation. A review team,
composed of at least two RUS staff members, will evaluate all applications and
proposals. They will make overall recommendations based on factors such as
eligibility, application completeness, and conformity to application
requirements. They will score the applications based on criteria in the
following section.



 1. Criteria. All applications that are complete and eligible will be ranked
competitively based on the following scoring criteria:



 a. Degree of expertise and successful experience in making and servicing
commercial loans, with a successful record, for the following number of full
years:



 i. At least 1 but less than 3 years--5 points.



 ii. At least 3 but less than 5 years--10 points.



 iii. At least 5 but less than 10 years--20 points.



 iv. 10 or more years--30 points.



 b. Extent to which the work plan demonstrates a well thought out, comprehensive
approach to accomplishing the objectives of this part, clearly defines who will
be served by the project, clearly articulates the problem/issues to be
addressed, identifies the service area to be covered by the RFP loans and
appears likely to be sustainable; Up to 40 points.



 c. Percentage of applicant contributions. Points allowed under this paragraph
will be based on written evidence of the availability of funds from sources
other than the proceeds of an RFP grant to pay part of the cost of a loan
recipient's project. In-kind contributions will not be considered. Funds from
other sources as a percentage of the RFP grant and points corresponding to such
percentages are as follows:



 i. Less than 20 percent--ineligible.



 ii. At least 20 percent but less than 50 percent--10 points.



 iii. 50 percent or more--20 points.



 d. Extent to which the goals and objectives are clearly defined, tied to the
work plan, and are measurable; Up to 15 points.



 e. Lowest ratio of projected administrative expenses to loans advanced; Up to
10 points.



 f. The evaluation methods for considering loan applications and making RFP
loans are specific to the program, clearly defined, measurable, and are
consistent with program outcomes; Up to 20 points.



 g. Administrator's discretion points up to 10 points may be awarded. To the
maximum extent possible, there should be an emphasis on high poverty areas in
rural communities and rural areas with the lowest incomes, particularly those
areas where at least 45 percent of children qualify for the National School
Lunch Program.



 Factors include:



 i. Directs loans to the smallest communities with the lowest incomes
emphasizing areas where according to the American Community Survey data by
census tracts show that at least 20 percent of the population is living in
poverty.



 ii. Directs loans to areas which lack running water, flush toilets, and modern
sewage disposal systems, and areas which have open sewers and high rates of
disease caused by poor sanitation, in particular, colonias or Substantially
Underserved Trust Areas.



 iii. Directs loans that emphasize energy and water efficient components to
reduce costs and increase sustainability of rural systems.



 2. Review and Selection Process. RUS will rank all qualifying applications by
their final score. Applications will be selected for funding, based on the
highest scores and the availability of funding for RFP grants. Each applicant
will be notified in writing of the score its application receives.



 a. In making its decision about your application, RUS may determine that your
application is:



 i. Eligible and selected for funding,



 ii. Eligible but offered fewer funds than requested,



 iii. Eligible but not selected for funding, or



 iv. Ineligible for the grant.



 c. In accordance with 7 CFR part 1900, subpart B, you generally have the right
to appeal adverse decisions. Some adverse decisions cannot be appealed. For
example, if you are denied RUS funding due to a lack of funds available for the
grant program, this decision cannot be appealed. However, you may make a request
to the National Appeals Division (NAD) to review the accuracy of our finding
that the decision cannot be appealed. The appeal must be in writing and filed at
the appropriate regional office, which can be found at www.nad.usda.gov or by
calling (703) 305-1166.

 F. Federal Award Administration Information



 1. Federal Award Notices. RUS generally notifies by mail applicants whose
projects are selected for awards. However, the receipt of an award letter does
not serve to authorize the applicant to commence performance under the award.
RUS follows the award letter with an agreement containing terms and conditions
for the grant. Applicants selected for funding will complete and return grant
agreement, which outlines the terms and conditions of the grant award.



 2. Administrative and National Policy Requirements. The items listed in Section
D of this notice, the RFP program regulation and departmental and other
regulations including 2 CFR parts 180, 182, 200, 400, 421 and any successor
regulations implement the appropriate administrative and national policy
requirements, which include but are not limited to:



 a. SF-270, "Request for Advance or Reimbursement," will be completed by the
Non-Federal Entity and submitted to either the state or national office no more
frequently than monthly.



 b. Upon receipt of a properly completed SF-270, the funds will be requested
through the field office terminal system. Ordinarily, payment will be made
within 30 days after receipt of a proper request for reimbursement.



 c. Non-Federal Entities may use women- and minority-owned banks (a bank which
is owned at least 50 percent by women or minority group members) for the deposit
and disbursement of funds.



 3. Reporting. a. Any change in the scope of the project, budget adjustments of
more than 10 percent of the total budget, or any other significant change in the
project must be reported to and approved by the approval official by written
amendment to the grant agreement. Any change not approved may be cause for
termination of the grant.



 b. Non-Federal Entities shall constantly monitor performance to ensure that
time schedules are being met, projected work by time periods is being
accomplished, and other performance objectives are being achieved. The
Non-Federal Entity will provide project reports as follows:



 i. SF-425, "Financial Status Report (short form)," and a project performance
activity report will be required of all Non-Federal Entities on a quarterly
basis, due 30 days after the end of each quarter.



 ii. A final project performance report will be required with the last SF-425
due 90 days after the end of the last quarter in which the project is completed.
The final report may serve as the last quarterly report.



 iii. All multi-State Non-Federal Entities are to submit an original of each
report to the National Office. Non-Federal Entities serving only one State are
to submit an original of each report to the State Office. The project
performance reports should detail, preferably in a narrative format, activities
that have transpired for the specific time period.



 c. Financial reporting. The Non-Federal Entity will provide an audit report or
financial statements as follows:



 i. Non-Federal Entities expending $750,000 or more Federal funds per fiscal
year will submit an audit conducted in accordance with 2 CFR part 200 The audit
will be submitted within nine months after the Non-Federal Entity's fiscal year.
Additional audits may be required if the project period covers more than one
fiscal year.



 ii. Non-Federal Entities expending less than $750,000 will provide annual
financial statements covering the grant period, consisting of the organization's
statement of income and expense and balance sheet signed by an appropriate
official of the organization. Financial statements will be submitted within 90
days after the Non-Federal Entity's fiscal year.



 iii. Recipient and Subrecipient Reporting. The applicant must have the
necessary processes and systems in place to comply with the reporting
requirements for first-tier sub-awards and executive compensation under the
Federal Funding Accountability and Transparency Act of 2006 in the event the
applicant receives funding unless such applicant is exempt from such reporting
requirements pursuant to 2 CFR part 170, §&thinsp;170.110(b). The reporting
requirements under the Transparency Act pursuant to 2 CFR part 170 are as
follows:



 (1) First Tier Sub-Awards of $25,000 or more in non-Recovery Act funds (unless
they are exempt under 2 CFR part 170) must be reported by the Recipient to
http://www.fsrs.gov no later than the end of the month following the month the
obligation was made.



 (2) The Total Compensation of the Recipient's Executives (five most highly
compensated executives) must be reported by the Recipient (if the Recipient
meets the criteria under 2 CFR part 170) to https://www.sam.gov/portal/SAM/#1 by
the end of the month following the month in which the award was made.



 (3) The Total Compensation of the Subrecipient's Executives (five most highly
compensated executives) must be reported by the Subrecipient (if the
Subrecipient meets the criteria under 2 CFR part 170) to the Recipient by the
end of the month following the month in which the subaward was made.

 G. Federal Awarding Agency Contacts



 1. Web site: http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/water
-waste-disposal-revolving-loan-funds. The RUS Web site maintains up-to-date
resources and contact information for the RFP.



 2. Phone: (202) 720-9640.



 3. Fax: (202) 690-0649.



 4. Email: lisa.chesnel@wdc.usda.gov



 5. Main point of contact: Lisa Chesnel, Community Programs Specialist, Water
and Environmental Programs, Rural Utilities Service, Rural Development, U.S.
Department of Agriculture.

 H. Other Information



 1. USDA Non-Discrimination Statement. In accordance with Federal civil rights
law and U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) civil rights regulations and
policies, the USDA, its Agencies, offices, and employees, and institutions
participating in or administering USDA programs are prohibited from
discriminating based on race, color, national origin, religion, sex, gender
identity (including gender expression), sexual orientation, disability, age,
marital status, family/parental status, income derived from a public assistance
program, political beliefs, or reprisal or retaliation for prior civil rights
activity, in any program or activity conducted or funded by USDA (not all bases
apply to all programs). Remedies and complaint filing deadlines vary by program
or incident.



 Persons with disabilities who require alternative means of communication for
program information (e.g., Braille, large print, audiotape, American Sign
Language, etc.) should contact the responsible Agency or USDA's TARGET Center at
(202) 720-2600 (voice and TTY) or contact USDA through the Federal Relay Service
at (800) 877-8339. Additionally, program information may be made available in
languages other than English.



 To file a program discrimination complaint, complete the USDA Program
Discrimination Complaint Form, AD-3027, found online at
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html and at any USDA office or
write a letter addressed to USDA and provide in the letter all of the
information requested in the form. To request a copy of the complaint form, call
(866) 632-9992. Submit your completed form or letter to USDA by:



 (1) Mail: U.S. Department of Agriculture, Office of the Assistant Secretary for
Civil Rights, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-9410; (2) fax:
(202) 690-7442; or (3) email: program.intake@usda.gov



 USDA is an equal opportunity provider, employer, and lender.

 Brandon McBride,

 Administrator, Rural Utilities Service.

 [FR Doc. 2016-29335 Filed 12-6-16; 8:45 am]

 BILLING CODE 3410-15-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              10 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 31, 2016 Thursday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Announcement of Grant and Loan Application Deadlines

LENGTH: 5903  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



   DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Utilities Service Announcement of Grant and
Loan Application Deadlines AGENCY: Rural Utilities Service, USDA. ACTION: Notice
of Funding Availability (NOFA), Revolving Fund Program.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
The Rural Utilities Service (RUS) announces its Revolving Fund Program (RFP)
application window for Fiscal Year (FY) 2016. The RFP is authorized under
section 306(a)(2)(B) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (Con
Act), 7 U.S.C. 1926(a)(2)(B). Under the RFP, qualified private, non-profit
organizations may receive RFP grant funds to establish a lending program for
eligible entities.

Eligible entities for the revolving loan fund will be the same entities
eligible, under paragraph 1 or 2 of Section 306(a) of the Con Act, 7 U.S.C.
1926(a)(1) or (b)(2), to obtain a loan, loan guarantee, or grant from the RUS
Water, Waste Disposal, and Wastewater loan and grant programs. This year
administrative discretion points may be awarded for work plans that: 1. Direct
loans to the smallest communities with the lowest incomes emphasizing areas
where according to the American Community Survey data by census tracts show that
at least 20 percent of the population is living in poverty. This emphasis will
support Rural Development's goal of providing 20 percent of its funding by 2016
to these areas of need. 2. Direct loans to areas that lack running water, flush
toilets, and modern sewage disposal systems, and areas which have open sewers
and high rates of disease caused by poor sanitation, in particular, colonias or
Substantially Underserved Trust Areas. 3. Direct loans that emphasize energy and
water efficient components to reduce costs and increase sustainability of rural
systems. DATES: You may submit completed applications for grants on paper or
electronically according to the following deadlines:  Paper copies must be
postmarked and mailed, shipped, or

 sent overnight no later than May 31, 2016 to be eligible for FY 2016

 grant funding. Late or incomplete applications will not be eligible for

 FY 2016 grant funding.

      Electronic copies must be received by May 31, 2016 to be

 eligible for FY 2016 grant funding. Late or incomplete applications

 will not be eligible for FY 2016 grant funding.



 ADDRESSES: You may obtain application guides and materials for the RFP

 program at the Water and Environmental Programs (WEP) Web site:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/water
-waste-disposal-revolving-loan-funds. You may also request application guides
and materials by

 contacting Lisa Chesnel at (202) 720-0499.

     Submit electronic grant applications at http://www.grants.gov/ and

 follow the instructions on the Web site.



 [[Page 18567]]



     Submit completed paper applications for RFP grants to, Rural

 Utilities Service, Rural Development, U.S. Department of Agriculture,

 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Room 2234, STOP 1570, Washington, DC

 20250-1570. Applications should be marked Attention: Lisa Chesnel,

 Water and Environmental Programs.



 FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Lisa Chesnel, Community Programs

 Specialist, Water and Environmental Programs, Rural Utilities Service,

 Rural Development, U.S. Department of Agriculture STOP 1570, Room 2234-

 S, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-1570; Telephone:

 (202) 720-0499: Fax: (202) 690-0649.



 SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:



 Overview



     Federal Agency: Rural Utilities Service (RUS), USDA.

     Funding Opportunity Title: Grant Program to Establish a Fund for

 Financing Water and Wastewater Projects (Revolving Fund Program (RFP)).

     Announcement Type: Notice of Funding Availability.

     Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance (CFDA) Number: 10.864.

     Due Date for Applications: Applications must be mailed, shipped or

 submitted electronically through Grants.gov no later than May 31, 2016

 to be eligible for FY 2016 grant funding.



 Items in Supplementary Information



     A. Program Description: Brief introduction to the RFP.

     B. Federal Award Information: $1,000,000.00.

     C. Eligibility Information: Who is eligible, what kinds of

 projects are eligible, what criteria determine basic eligibility.

     D. Application and Submission Information: Where to get

 application materials, what constitutes a completed application, how

 and where to submit applications, deadlines, items that are

 eligible.

     E. Application Review Information: Considerations and

 preferences, scoring criteria, review standards, selection

 information.

     F. Federal Award Administration Information: Award notice

 information, award recipient reporting requirements.

     G. Federal Awarding Agency Contacts: Web site, phone, fax,

 email, contact name.

     H. Other Information: Non-discrimination Statement.



 A. Program Description



     Drinking water systems are basic and vital to both health and

 economic development. With dependable water facilities, rural

 communities can attract families and businesses that will invest in the

 community and improve the quality of life for all residents. Without

 dependable water facilities, the communities cannot sustain economic

 development.

     RUS provides financial and technical assistance to help communities

 bring safe drinking water and sanitary, environmentally sound waste

 disposal facilities to rural Americans. It supports the sound

 development of rural communities and the growth of our economy without

 endangering the environment.

     The Revolving Fund Program (RFP) was established under 7 U.S.C.

 part 1783 to assist communities with water or wastewater systems.

 Qualified private, non-profit organizations, who are selected for

 funding, will receive RFP grant funds to establish a lending program

 for eligible entities. Eligible entities for the revolving loan fund

 will be those entities eligible under 7 U.S.C. 1926(a)(1) and (2) to

 obtain a loan, loan guarantee, or grant from the Water and Waste

 Disposal loan and grant programs administered by RUS. As grant

 recipients, the non-profit organizations will set up a revolving loan

 fund to provide loans to finance predevelopment costs of water or

 wastewater projects, or short-term small capital projects not part of

 the regular operation and maintenance of current water and wastewater

 systems. The amount of financing to an eligible entity shall not exceed

 $100,000.00 and shall be repaid in a term not to exceed 10 years. The

 rate shall be determined in the approved grant work plan.



 B. Federal Award Information



     Available funds: $1,000,000.



 C. Eligibility Information



 1. Eligible Applicants



     An applicant is eligible to apply for the RFP grant if it:

     a. Is a private, non-profit organization;

     b. Is legally established and located within one of the following:

     i. A state within the United States;

     ii. The District of Columbia;

     iii. The Commonwealth of Puerto Rico; or

     iv. A United States territory;

     c. Has the legal capacity and authority to carry out the grant

 purpose;

     d. Has a proven record of successfully operating a revolving loan

 fund to rural areas;

     e. Has capitalization acceptable to the Agency, and is composed of

 at least 51 percent of the outstanding interest or membership being

 citizens of the United States or individuals who reside in the United

 States after being legally admitted for permanent residence;

     f. Has no delinquent debt to the Federal government or no

 outstanding judgments to repay a Federal debt;

     g. Demonstrates that it possesses the financial, technical, and

 managerial capability to comply with Federal and state laws and

 requirements; and

     h. Is not a corporation that has been convicted of a felony (or had

 an officer or agent acting on behalf of the corporation convicted of a

 felony) within the past 24 months. Any Corporation that has any unpaid

 Federal tax liability that has been assessed, for which all judicial

 and administrative remedies have been exhausted or have lapsed, and

 that is not being paid in a timely manner pursuant to an agreement with

 the authority responsible for collecting the tax liability is not

 eligible.



 2. Cost Sharing or Matching



     Applicants must contribute at least 20 percent of funds from

 sources other than the proceeds of an RFP grant to pay part of the cost

 of a loan recipient's project. In-kind contribution will not be

 considered.



 3. Other: What are the basic eligibility requirements for a project?



     a. The following activities are authorized under the RFP statute:

     i. Grant funds must be used to capitalize a revolving fund program

 for the purpose of providing direct loan financing to eligible entities

 for pre-development costs associated with proposed or with existing

 water and wastewater systems, or,

     ii. Short-term costs incurred for equipment replacement, small-

 scale extension of services, or other small capital projects that are

 not part of the regular operations and maintenance activities of

 existing water and wastewater systems.

     b. Grant funds may not be used to pay any of the following:

     i. Payment of the Grant Recipient's administrative costs or

 expenses, or,

     ii. Delinquent debt owed to the Federal Government.



 D. Application and Submission Information



 1. Address To Request Application Package



     a. The Internet: http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/water
-waste-disposal-revolving-loan-funds or Grants.gov Web site: http://www.grants.
gov/.

     b. For paper copies of these materials, you may call (202) 720-

 9583.



 [[Page 18568]]



 2. Content and Form of Application Submission



     a. You may file an application in either paper or electronic

 format. To be considered for support, you must be an eligible entity

 and must submit a complete application by the deadline date. You should

 consult the cost principles and general administrative requirements for

 grants pertaining to their organizational type in order to prepare the

 budget and complete other parts of the application. You also must

 demonstrate compliance (or intent to comply), through certification or

 other means, with a number of public policy requirements. Applications

 should be prepared in conformance with 7 CFR part 1783, and

 departmental and other applicable regulations including 2 CFR parts

 180, 182, 200, 400 and 421, or any successor regulations.

     Whether you file a paper or an electronic application, you will

 need a DUNS number and must be registered in the System for Award

 Management (SAM). Detailed information on obtaining a DUNS number and

 registering for SAM may be found in section D(3).

     b. Applicants must complete and submit the following forms to apply

 for a RFP grant:

     i. Standard Form 424, ``Application for Federal Assistance''.

     ii. Standard Form 424A, ``Budget Information--Non-Construction

 Programs''.

     iii. Standard Form 424B, ``Assurances--Non-Construction Programs''.

     iv. Standard Form LLL, ``Disclosure of Lobbying Activity''.

     v. Form RD 400-1, ``Equal Opportunity Agreement''.

     vi. Form RD 400-4, ``Assurance Agreement (Under Title VI, Civil

 Rights Act of 1964).

     c. The project proposal should outline the project in sufficient

 detail to provide a reader with a complete understanding of how the

 loan program will work. Explain what you will accomplish by lending

 funds to eligible entities. Demonstrate the feasibility of the proposed

 loan program in meeting the objectives of this grant program. The

 proposal should cover the following elements:

     i. Present a brief project overview. Explain the purpose of the

 project, how it relates to RUS's purposes, how you will carry out the

 project, what the project will produce, and who will direct it.

     ii. Describe why the project is necessary. Demonstrate that

 eligible entities need loan funds. Quantify the number of prospective

 borrowers or provide statistical or narrative evidence that a

 sufficient number of borrowers will exist to justify the grant award.

 Describe the service area. Address community needs.

     iii. Clearly state your project goals. Your objectives should

 clearly describe the goals and be concrete and specific enough to be

 quantitative or observable. They should also be feasible and relate to

 the purpose of the loan program.

     iv. The narrative should cover in more detail the items briefly

 described in the Project Summary. It should establish the basis for any

 claims that you have substantial expertise in promoting the safe and

 productive use of revolving funds. In describing what the project will

 achieve, you should tell the reader if it also will have broader

 influence. The narrative should address the following points:

     (1) Document your ability to administer and service a revolving

 fund in accordance with the provisions of 7 CFR part 1783.

     (2) Document your ability to commit financial resources to

 establish the RFP with funds your organization controls. This

 documentation should describe the sources of funds other than the RFP

 grant that will be used to pay your operational costs and provide

 financial assistance for projects.

     (3) Demonstrate that you have secured commitments of significant

 financial support from other funding sources, if appropriate.

     (4) List the fees and charges that borrowers will be assessed.

     v. The work plan must describe the tasks and activities that will

 be accomplished with available resources during the grant period. It

 must show the work you plan to do to achieve the anticipated outcomes,

 goals, and objectives set out for the RFP. The plan must:

     (1) Describe the work to be performed by each person.

     (2) Give a schedule or timetable of work to be done.

     (3) Show evidence of previous experience with the techniques to be

 used or their successful use by others.

     (4) Outline the loan program to include the following: Specific

 loan purposes, a loan application process, priorities, borrower

 eligibility criteria, limitations, fees, interest rates, terms, and

 collateral requirements.

     (5) Provide a marketing plan.

     (6) Explain the mechanics of how you will transfer loan funds to

 the borrowers.

     (7) Describe follow-up or continuing activities that should occur

 after project completion such as monitoring and reporting borrowers'

 accomplishments.

     (8) Describe how the results will be evaluated. The evaluation

 criteria should be in line with the project objectives.

     (9) List all personnel responsible for administering this program

 along with a statement of their qualifications and experience.

     vi. The written justification for projected costs should explain

 how budget figures were determined for each category. It should

 indicate which costs are to be covered by grant funds and which costs

 will be met by your organization or other organizations. The

 justification should account for all expenditures discussed in the

 narrative. It should reflect appropriate cost-sharing contributions.

 The budget justification should explain the budget and accounting

 system proposed or in place. The administrative costs for operating the

 budget should be expressed as a percentage of the overall budget. The

 budget justification should provide specific budget figures, rounding

 off figures to the nearest dollar. Applicants should consult 2 CFR 200,

 Subpart E, ``Cost Principals,'' for information about appropriate costs

 for each budget category.

     vii. In addition to completing the standard application forms, you

 must submit:

     (1) Supplementary material that demonstrate that your organization

 is legally recognized under state or Tribal and Federal law.

 Satisfactory documentation includes, but is not limited to,

 certificates from the Secretary of State, or copies of state statutes

 or laws establishing your organization. Letters from the IRS awarding

 tax-exempt status are not considered adequate evidence.

     (2) A certified list of directors and officers with their

 respective terms.

     (3) Evidence of tax exempt status from the IRS.

     (4) The most recent audit of your organization.

     (5) The following financial statements:

     (a) A pro forma balance sheet at start-up and for at least three

 additional years; Balance sheets, income statements, and cash flow

 statements for the last three years.

     (b) If your organization has been formed less than three years, the

 financial statements should be submitted for the periods from inception

 to the present. Projected income and cash flow statements for at least

 three years supported by a list of assumptions showing the basis for

 the projections. The projected income



 [[Page 18569]]



 statement and balance sheet must include one set of projections that

 shows the revolving loan fund only and a separate set of projections

 that shows your organization's total operations.

     (6) Additional information to support and describe your plan for

 achieving the grant objectives. The information may be regarded as

 essential for understanding and evaluating the project and may be found

 in letters of support, as resolutions, policies, and other relevant

 documents. The supplements may be presented in appendices to the

 proposal.

     d. Compliance with other federal statutes:

     The applicant must provide evidence of compliance with other

 federal statutes, including but not limited to the following:

     i. Debarment and suspension information is required in accordance

 with 2 CFR part 417 (Nonprocurement Debarment and Suspension)

 supplemented by 2 CFR part 180, if it applies. The section heading is

 ``What information must I provide before entering into a covered

 transaction with the Federal Government?'' located at 2 CFR 180.335. It

 is part of OMB's Guidance for Grants and Agreements concerning

 Government-wide Debarment and Suspension.

     ii. All of your organization's known workplaces by including the

 actual address of buildings (or parts of buildings) or other sites

 where work under the award takes place. Workplace identification is

 required under the drug-free workplace requirements in Subpart B of 2

 CFR part 421, which adopts the Government-wide implementation (2 CFR

 part 182) of the Drug-Free Workplace Act.

     iii. 2 CFR parts 200 and 400 (Uniform Assistance Requirements, Cost

 Principles and Audit Requirements for Federal Awards).

     iv. 2 CFR part 182 (Governmentwide Requirements for Drug-Free

 Workplace (Financial Assistance)) and 2 CFR part 421 (Requirements for

 Drug Free Workplace (Financial Assistance)).

     v. Executive Order 13166, ``Improving Access to Services for

 Persons with Limited English Proficiency.'' For information on limited

 English proficiency and agency-specific guidance, go to http://www.LEP.gov.

     e. Requirements for numbers of copies of submitted applications:

     i. Send or deliver paper applications by the U.S. Postal Service

 (USPS) or courier delivery services to: Water and Environmental

 Programs, Rural Utilities Service, 1400 Independence Avenue SW.,

 Attention: Lisa Chesnel, Mail STOP 1570, Room 2233-S, Washington, DC,

 20250-1570.

     ii. For paper applications mail or ensure delivery of an original

 paper application (no stamped, photocopied, or initialed signatures)

 and two copies by the deadline date. The application and any materials

 sent with it become Federal records by law and cannot be returned to

 you.

     iii. Electronically submitted applications:

     (1). Applications will not be accepted by fax or electronic mail.

     (2). Electronic applications for grants will be accepted if

 submitted through Grants.gov.

     (3). Applicants must preregister successfully with Grants.gov to

 use the electronic applications option. Application information may be

 downloaded from Grants.gov without preregistration.

     (4). Applicants who apply through Grants.gov should submit their

 electronic applications before the deadline.

     (5). Grants.gov contains full instructions on all required

 passwords, credentialing, and software. Follow the instructions at

 Grants.gov for registering and submitting an electronic application.

     (6). Grants.gov has two preregistration requirements: A DUNS number

 and an active registration in the SAM. See section D(3) below for

 instructions on obtaining a DUNS number and registering in the SAM.



 3. Unique Entity Identifier and System for Award Management (SAM)



     The applicant for a grant must supply a Dun and Bradstreet Data

 Universal Numbering System (DUNS) number as part of an application. The

 Standard Form 424 (SF-424) contains a field for the DUNS number. The

 applicant can obtain the DUNS number free of charge by calling Dun and

 Bradstreet. Please see http://fedgov.dnb.com/webform for more

 information on how to obtain a DUNS number or how to verify your

 organization's number.

     In accordance with 2 CFR part 25, whether applying electronically

 or by paper, the applicant must register in the System for Award

 Management (SAM) prior to submitting an application. Applicants may

 register for the SAM at https://www.sam.gov/portal/SAM/#1. The SAM

 registration must remain active with current information at all times

 while RUS is considering an application or while a Federal Grant award

 or loan is active. To remain registered in the SAM database the

 applicant must review and update the information in the SAM database

 annually from date of initial registration or from the date of the last

 update. The applicant must ensure that the information in the database

 is current, accurate, and complete.



 4. Submission Dates and Times



     You may submit completed applications for grants on paper or

 electronically according to the following deadlines:

     a. Paper copies must be postmarked and mailed, shipped, or sent

 overnight no later than May 31, 2016 to be eligible for FY 2016 grant

 funding. Late or incomplete applications will not be eligible for FY

 2016 grant funding.

     b. Electronic copies must be received by May 31, 2016 to be

 eligible for FY 2016 grant funding. Late or incomplete applications

 will not be eligible for FY 2016 grant funding.



 5. Funding Restrictions



     Grant proceeds may be used solely to establish the revolving loan

 fund to provide loans to eligible entities for: Pre-development costs

 associated with proposed or existing water and wastewater projects, and

 short-term costs incurred for replacement equipment or other small

 capital projects not part of regular operations and maintenance of

 existing water and wastewater systems. Grant recipients may not use

 grant funds in any manner inconsistent with the purposes described in 7

 CFR 1783.12 or in the terms of the grant agreement. Administrative

 expenses may, however, be paid or reimbursed from revolving loan fund

 assets that are not RFP grant funds, including revolved funds and case

 originally contributed by the grant recipient.



 E. Application Review Information



     Within 30 days of receiving your application, RUS will send you a

 letter of acknowledgment. Your application will be reviewed for

 completeness to determine if you included all of the items required. If

 your application is incomplete or ineligible, RUS will return it to you

 with an explanation. A review team, composed of at least two RUS staff

 members, will evaluate all applications and proposals. They will make

 overall recommendations based on factors such as eligibility,

 application completeness, and conformity to application requirements.

 They will score the applications based on criteria in the following

 section.



 1. Criteria



     All applications that are complete and eligible will be ranked

 competitively based on the following scoring criteria:



 [[Page 18570]]



     a. Degree of expertise and successful experience in making and

 servicing commercial loans, with a successful record, for the following

 number of full years:

     i. At least 1 but less than 3 years--5 points.

     ii. At least 3 but less than 5 years--10 points.

     iii. At least 5 but less than 10 years--20 points.

     iv. 10 or more years--30 points.

     b. Extent to which the work plan demonstrates a well thought out,

 comprehensive approach to accomplishing the objectives of this part,

 clearly defines who will be served by the project, clearly articulates

 the problem/issues to be addressed, identifies the service area to be

 covered by the RFP loans and appears likely to be sustainable; Up to 40

 points.

     c. Percentage of applicant contributions. Points allowed under this

 paragraph will be based on written evidence of the availability of

 funds from sources other than the proceeds of an RFP grant to pay part

 of the cost of a loan recipient's project. In-kind contributions will

 not be considered. Funds from other sources as a percentage of the RFP

 grant and points corresponding to such percentages are as follows:

     i. Less than 20 percent--ineligible.

     ii. At least 20 percent but less than 50 percent--10 points.

     iii. 50 percent or more--20 points.

     d. Extent to which the goals and objectives are clearly defined,

 tied to the work plan, and are measurable; Up to 15 points.

     e. Lowest ratio of projected administrative expenses to loans

 advanced; Up to 10 points.

     f. The evaluation methods for considering loan applications and

 making RFP loans are specific to the program, clearly defined,

 measurable, and are consistent with program outcomes; Up to 20 points.

     g. Administrator's discretion points up to 10 points may be

 awarded.

     To the maximum extent possible, there should be an emphasis on high

 poverty areas in rural communities and rural areas with the lowest

 incomes, particularly those areas where at least 45 percent of children

 qualify for the National School Lunch Program. This emphasis will

 support Rural Development's goal of providing 20 percent of its funding

 by 2016 to these areas of need.

     Factors include:

     i. Directs loans to the smallest communities with the lowest

 incomes emphasizing areas where according to the American Community

 Survey data by census tracts show that at least 20 percent of the

 population is living in poverty.

     ii. Directs loans to areas which lack running water, flush toilets,

 and modern sewage disposal systems, and areas which have open sewers

 and high rates of disease caused by poor sanitation, in particular,

 colonias or Substantially Underserved Trust Areas.

     iii. Directs loans that emphasize energy and water efficient

 components to reduce costs and increase sustainability of rural

 systems.



 2. Review and Selection Process



     RUS will rank all qualifying applications by their final score.

 Applications will be selected for funding, based on the highest scores

 and the availability of funding for RFP grants. Each applicant will be

 notified in writing of the score its application receives.

     a. In making its decision about your application, RUS may determine

 that your application is:

     i. Eligible and selected for funding,

     ii. Eligible but offered fewer funds than requested,

     iii. Eligible but not selected for funding, or

     iv. Ineligible for the grant.

     b. In accordance with 7 CFR part 1900, subpart B, you generally

 have the right to appeal adverse decisions. Some adverse decisions

 cannot be appealed. For example, if you are denied RUS funding due to a

 lack of funds available for the grant program, this decision cannot be

 appealed. However, you may make a request to the National Appeals

 Division (NAD) to review the accuracy of our finding that the decision

 cannot be appealed. The appeal must be in writing and filed at the

 appropriate regional office, which can be found at www.nad.usda.gov or

 by calling (703) 305-1166.



 F. Federal Award Administration Information



 1. Federal Award Notices



     RUS generally notifies by mail applicants whose projects are

 selected for awards. However, the receipt of an award letter does not

 serve to authorize the applicant to commence performance under the

 award. RUS follows the award letter with an agreement containing terms

 and conditions for the grant. Applicants selected for funding will

 complete and return grant agreement, which outlines the terms and

 conditions of the grant award.



 2. Administrative and National Policy Requirements



     The items listed in Section D of this notice, the RFP program

 regulation and departmental and other regulations including 2 CFR parts

 180, 182, 200, 400, 421 and any successor regulations implement the

 appropriate administrative and national policy requirements, which

 include but are not limited to:

     a. SF-270, ``Request for Advance or Reimbursement,'' will be

 completed by the Non-Federal Entity and submitted to either the state

 or national office no more frequently than monthly.

     b. Upon receipt of a properly completed SF-270, the funds will be

 requested through the field office terminal system. Ordinarily, payment

 will be made within 30 days after receipt of a proper request for

 reimbursement.

     c. Non-Federal Entities may use women- and minority-owned banks (a

 bank which is owned at least 50 percent by women or minority group

 members) for the deposit and disbursement of funds.



 3. Reporting



     a. Any change in the scope of the project, budget adjustments of

 more than 10 percent of the total budget, or any other significant

 change in the project must be reported to and approved by the approval

 official by written amendment to the grant agreement. Any change not

 approved may be cause for termination of the grant.

     b. Non-Federal Entities shall constantly monitor performance to

 ensure that time schedules are being met, projected work by time

 periods is being accomplished, and other performance objectives are

 being achieved. The Non-Federal Entity will provide project reports as

 follows:

     i. SF-425, ``Financial Status Report (short form),'' and a project

 performance activity report will be required of all Non-Federal

 Entities on a quarterly basis, due 30 days after the end of each

 quarter.

     ii. A final project performance report will be required with the

 last SF-425 due 90 days after the end of the last quarter in which the

 project is completed. The final report may serve as the last quarterly

 report.

     iii. All multi-State Non-Federal Entities are to submit an original

 of each report to the National Office. Non-Federal Entities serving

 only one State are to submit an original of each report to the State

 Office. The project performance reports should detail,



 [[Page 18571]]



 preferably in a narrative format, activities that have transpired for

 the specific time period.

     c. Financial reporting. The Non-Federal Entity will provide an

 audit report or financial statements as follows:

     i. Non-Federal Entities expending $750,000 or more Federal funds

 per fiscal year will submit an audit conducted in accordance with 2 CFR

 part 200 The audit will be submitted within nine months after the Non-

 Federal Entity's fiscal year. Additional audits may be required if the

 project period covers more than one fiscal year.

     ii. Non-Federal Entities expending less than $750,000 will provide

 annual financial statements covering the grant period, consisting of

 the organization's statement of income and expense and balance sheet

 signed by an appropriate official of the organization. Financial

 statements will be submitted within 90 days after the Non-Federal

 Entity's fiscal year.

     iii. Recipient and Subrecipient Reporting. The applicant must have

 the necessary processes and systems in place to comply with the

 reporting requirements for first-tier sub-awards and executive

 compensation under the Federal Funding Accountability and Transparency

 Act of 2006 in the event the applicant receives funding unless such

 applicant is exempt from such reporting requirements pursuant to 2 CFR

 part 170, Sec.  170.110(b). The reporting requirements under the

 Transparency Act pursuant to 2 CFR part 170 are as follows:

     (1) First Tier Sub-Awards of $25,000 or more in non-Recovery Act

 funds (unless they are exempt under 2 CFR part 170) must be reported by

 the Recipient to http://www.fsrs.gov no later than the end of the month

 following the month the obligation was made.

     (2) The Total Compensation of the Recipient's Executives (five most

 highly compensated executives) must be reported by the Recipient (if

 the Recipient meets the criteria under 2 CFR part 170) to
https://www.sam.gov/portal/SAM/#1 by the end of the month following the month

 in which the award was made.

     (3) The Total Compensation of the Subrecipient's Executives (five

 most highly compensated executives) must be reported by the

 Subrecipient (if the Subrecipient meets the criteria under 2 CFR part

 170) to the Recipient by the end of the month following the month in

 which the subaward was made.



 G. Federal Awarding Agency Contacts



     1. Web site: http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/water
-waste-disposal-revolving-loan-funds. The RUS Web site maintains up-to-date

 resources and contact information for the RFP.

     2. Phone: (202) 720-9640.

     3. Fax: (202) 690-0649.

     4. Email: lisa.chesnel@wdc.usda.gov

     5. Main point of contact: Lisa Chesnel, Community Programs

 Specialist, Water and Environmental Programs, Rural Utilities Service,

 Rural Development, U.S. Department of Agriculture.



 H. Other Information



 1. USDA Non-Discrimination Statement



     In accordance with Federal civil rights law and U.S. Department of

 Agriculture (USDA) civil rights regulations and policies, the USDA, its

 Agencies, offices, and employees, and institutions participating in or

 administering USDA programs are prohibited from discriminating based on

 race, color, national origin, religion, sex, gender identity (including

 gender expression), sexual orientation, disability, age, marital

 status, family/parental status, income derived from a public assistance

 program, political beliefs, or reprisal or retaliation for prior civil

 rights activity, in any program or activity conducted or funded by USDA

 (not all bases apply to all programs). Remedies and complaint filing

 deadlines vary by program or incident.

     Persons with disabilities who require alternative means of

 communication for program information (e.g., Braille, large print,

 audiotape, American Sign Language, etc.) should contact the responsible

 Agency or USDA's TARGET Center at (202) 720-2600 (voice and TTY) or

 contact USDA through the Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339.

 Additionally, program information may be made available in languages

 other than English.

     To file a program discrimination complaint, complete the USDA

 Program Discrimination Complaint Form, AD-3027, found online at
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html and at any USDA office or

 write a letter addressed to USDA and provide in the letter all of the

 information requested in the form. To request a copy of the complaint

 form, call (866) 632-9992. Submit your completed form or letter to USDA

 by:

     (1) Mail: U.S. Department of Agriculture, Office of the Assistant

 Secretary for Civil Rights, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington,

 DC 20250-9410;

     (2) Fax: (202) 690-7442; or

     (3) Email: program.intake@usda.gov

     USDA is an equal opportunity provider, employer, and lender.



     Dated: February 29, 2016.

 Brandon McBride,

 Administrator, Rural Utilities Service.

 [FR Doc. 2016-07309 Filed 3-30-16; 8:45 am]

  BILLING CODE P







 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              11 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 13, 2015 Friday

Arizona: Grant and Loan Application Deadlines

LENGTH: 5308  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of The Treasury has issued the following news release:

Summary

The Rural Utilities Service (RUS) announces its Revolving Fund Program (RFP)
application window for Fiscal Year (FY) 2015.

The RFP is authorized under section 306(a)(2)(B) of the Consolidated Farm and
Rural Development Act (Con Act), 7 U.S.C. 1926 (a)(2)(B). Under the RFP,
qualified private, non-profit organizations may receive RFP grant funds to
establish a lending program for eligible entities. Eligible entities for the
revolving loan fund will be the same entities eligible, under paragraph 1 or 2
of Section 306(a) of the Con Act, 7 U.S.C. 1926(a)(1) or (b)(2), to obtain a
loan, loan guarantee, or grant from the RUS Water, Waste Disposal and Wastewater
loan and grant programs.

This year administrative discretion points may be awarded for work plans that:
Direct loans to the smallest communities with the lowest incomes emphasizing
areas where according to the American Community Survey data by census tracts
show that at least 20 percent of the population is living in poverty. This
emphasis will support Rural Development's goal of providing 20 percent of its
funding by 2016 to these areas of need;

Direct loans to areas that lack running water, flush toilets, and modern sewage
disposal systems, and areas which have open sewers and high rates of disease
caused by poor sanitation, in particular, colonias or Substantially Underserved
Trust Areas; and

Direct loans that emphasize energy and water efficient components to reduce
costs and increase sustainability of rural systems.

RUS will publish on its Web site at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/UWP-revolvingfund.html the amount offunding received
in the FY2015 Appropriations Act, if any.
Dates

You may submit completed applications for grants on paper or electronically
according to the following deadlines:

Paper copies must be postmarked and mailed, shipped, or sent overnight no later
than April 13, 2015 to be eligible for FY2015 grant funding. Late or incomplete
applications will not be eligible for FY2015 grant funding.
    Electronic copies must be received by April 13, 2015 to be eligible for
FY2015 grant funding. Late or incomplete applications will not be eligible for
FY2015 grant funding.

Addresses

You may obtain application guides and materials for the RFP program at the Water
and Environmental Programs (WEP) Web site:
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/UWP-revolvingfund.html. You may also request
application guides and materials by contacting Joyce M. Taylor at (202)
720-0499.

Submit completed paper applications for RFP grants to the Rural Utilities
Service, U.S. Department of Agriculture, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Room
2233, STOP 1570, Washington, DC 20250-1570. Applications should be marked
Attention: Joyce M. Taylor, Water and Environmental Programs.

Submit electronic grant applications at http://www.grants.gov (Grants.gov) and
follow the instructions you find on that Web site.
For Further Information Contact

Joyce M. Taylor, Community Programs Specialist, Water Programs Division, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, Rural Utilities Service, STOP 1570, Room 2233-S, 1400
Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-1570; Telephone: (202) 720-0499:
Fax: (202) 690-0649.
Supplementary Information
Overview

Federal Agency: Rural Utilities Service (RUS).

Funding Opportunity Title: Grant Program to Establish a Fund for Financing Water
and Wastewater Projects (Revolving Fund Program (RFP)).

Announcement Type: Solicitation of Applications.

Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance (CFDA) Number: 10.864.

Due Date for Applications: Applications must be mailed, shipped or submitted
electronically through Grants.gov no later than April 13, 2015 to be eligible
for FY2015 grant funding.
Items in Supplementary Information

I. Funding Opportunity: Brief introduction to the RFP.

II. Award Information: To be determined.

III. Eligibility Information: Who is eligible, what kinds of projects are
eligible, what criteria determine basic eligibility.

IV. Application and Submission Information: Where to get application materials,
what constitutes a completed application, how and where to submit applications,
deadlines, items that are eligible.

V. Application Review Information: Considerations and preferences, scoring
criteria, review standards, selection information.

VI. Award Administration Information: Award notice information, award recipient
reporting requirements.

VII. Agency Contacts: Web, phone, fax, email, contact name.

VIII. Non-Discrimination Statement.
I. Funding Opportunity

Drinking water systems are basic and vital to both health and economic
development. With dependable water facilities, rural communities can attract
families and businesses that will invest in the community and improve the
quality of life for all residents. Without dependable water facilities, the
communities cannot sustain economic development.

RUS provides financial and technical assistance to help communities bring safe
drinking water and sanitary, environmentally sound waste disposal facilities to
rural Americans. It supports the sound development of rural communities and the
growth of our economy without endangering the environment.

The Revolving Fund Program (RFP) has been established under 7 CFR part 1783 to
assist communities with water or wastewater systems. Qualified private,
non-profit organizations, who are selected for funding, will receive RFP grant
funds to establish a lending program for eligible entities. Eligible entities
for the revolving loan fund will be the same entities eligible to obtain a loan,
loan guarantee, or grant from the Water and Waste Disposal loan and grant
programs administered by RUS, under 7 U.S.C.1926(a)(1) and (2). As grant
recipients, the non-profit organizations will set up a revolving loan fund to
provide loans to finance predevelopment costs of water or wastewater projects,
or short-term small capital projects not part of the regular operation and
maintenance of current water and wastewater systems. The amount of financing to
an eligible entity shall not exceed $100,000.00 and shall be repaid in a term
not to exceed 10 years. The rate shall be determined in the approved grant work
plan.
II. Award Information

Available funds: To be determined. This Notice is being issued prior to passage
of an FY2015 Appropriations Act, which may or may not provide an appropriation
for this program, in order to allow applicants sufficient time to prepare and
submit applications and to provide the Agency time to process the applications
in a timely fashion. Successful applications will be selected by RUS for funding
and subsequently awarded to the extent that funding may ultimately be made
available to RUS through appropriations. RUS will publish on its Web site the
amount of funding received in the final FY2015 Appropriations Act, if any.
III. Eligibility Information
A. Who is eligible to apply?

An applicant is eligible to apply for the RFP grant if it:

1. Is a private, non-profit organization;

2. Is legally established and located within one of the following:

(a) A state within the United States;

(b) The District of Columbia;

(c) The Commonwealth of Puerto Rico; or

(d) A United States territory;

3. Has the legal capacity and authority to carry out the grant purpose;

4. Has a proven record of successfully operating a revolving loan fund to rural
areas;

5. Has capitalization acceptable to the Agency, and is composed of at least 51
percent of the outstanding interest or membership being citizens of the United
States or individuals who reside in the United States after being legally
admitted for permanent residence;

6. Has no delinquent debt to the Federal Government or no outstanding judgments
to repay a Federal debt;

7. Demonstrates that it possesses the financial, technical, and managerial
capability to comply with Federal and State laws and requirements; and

8. Is not a corporation that has been convicted of a felony (or had an officer
or agent acting on behalf of the corporation convicted of a felony) within the
past 24 months. Any Corporation that has any unpaid federal tax liability that
has been assessed, for which all judicial and administrative remedies have been
exhausted or have lapsed, and that is not being paid in a timely manner pursuant
to an agreement with the authority responsible for collecting the tax liability
is not eligible.
B. What are the basic eligibility requirements for a project?

1. The following activities are authorized under the RFP statute:

(a) Grant funds must be used to capitalize a revolving fund program for the
purpose of providing direct loan financing to eligible entities for
pre-development costs associated with proposed or with existing water and
wastewater systems, or,

(b) Short-term costs incurred for equipment replacement, small-scale extension
of services, or other small capital projects that are not part of the regular
operations and maintenance activities of existing water and wastewater systems.

2. Grant funds may not be used to pay any of the following:

(a) Payment of the Grant Recipient's administrative costs or expenses, or,

(b) Delinquent debt owed to the Federal Government.
IV. Application and Submission Information
A. The Grant Application Guide, Copies of Necessary Forms and Samples, and the
RFP Regulation Are Available From These Sources

1. The Internet: http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/UWP-revolvingfund.html or
http://www.grants.gov.

2. For paper copies of these materials, you may call (202) 720-9589.
B. You May File an Application in Either Paper or Electronic Format

Whether you file a paper or an electronic application, you will need a DUNS
number.

1. DUNS Number.

The applicant for a grant must supply a Dun and Bradstreet Data Universal
Numbering System (DUNS) number as part of an application. The Standard Form 424
(SF-424) contains a field for the DUNS number. The applicant can obtain the DUNS
number free of charge by calling Dun and Bradstreet. Please see
http://fedgov.dnb.com/webform for more information on how to obtain a DUNS
number or how to verify your organization's number.

In accordance with 2 CFR part 25, whether applying electronically or by paper,
the applicant must register in the System for Award Management (SAM) (formerly
Central Contractor Registry, (CCR)) prior to submitting an application.
Applicants may register for the SAM at https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/.
The SAM registration must remain active with current information at all times
while RUS is considering an application or while a Federal Grant Award or loan
is active. To remain registered in the SAM database the applicant must review
and update the information in the SAM database annually from date of initial
registration or from the date of the last update. The applicant must ensure that
the information in the database is current, accurate, and complete.

2. Applications submitted by paper:

(a) Send or deliver paper applications by the U.S. Postal Service (USPS) or
courier delivery services to: Water and Environmental Programs, Rural Utilities
Service, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Attention: Joyce M. Taylor, Mail STOP
1570, Room 2233-S, Washington, DC 20250-1570.

(b) For paper applications mail or ensure delivery of an original paper
application (no stamped, photocopied, or initialed signatures) and two copies by
the deadline date. The application and any materials sent with it become Federal
records by law and cannot be returned to you.

3. Electronically submitted applications:

(a) Applications will not be accepted by fax or electronic mail.

(b) Electronic applications for grants will be accepted if submitted through
Grants.gov at http://www.grants.gov.

(c) Applicants must preregister successfully with Grants.gov to use the
electronic applications option. Application information may be downloaded from
Grants.gov without preregistration.

(d) Applicants who apply through Grants.gov should submit their electronic
applications before the deadline.

(e) Grants.gov contains full instructions on all required passwords,
credentialing, and software. Follow the instructions at Grants.gov for
registering and submitting an electronic application.

(f) Grants.gov has two preregistration requirements: A DUNS number and an active
registration in the SAM. See Item 1 above for instructions on obtaining a DUNS
number and registering in the SAM.
C. A Complete Application Must Meet the Following Requirements

1. To be considered for support, you must be an eligible entity and must submit
a complete application by the deadline date. You should consult the cost
principles and general administrative requirements for grants pertaining to
their organizational type in order to prepare the budget and complete other
parts of the application. You also must demonstrate compliance (or intent to
comply), through certification or other means, with a number of public policy
requirements. Applications should be prepared in conformance with the provisions
in 2 CFR parts 180, 182, and regulations applicable to USDA including 2 CFR
parts 421, and 417.

2. Applicants must complete and submit the following forms to apply for a RFP
grant:

(a) Standard Form 424, "Application for Federal Assistance."

(b) Standard Form 424A, "Budget Information--Non-Construction Programs."

(c) Standard Form 424B, "Assurances--Non-Construction Programs."

(d) Standard Form LLL, "Disclosure of Lobbying Activity."

(e) Form RD 400-1, "Equal Opportunity Agreement."

(f) Form RD 400-4, "Assurance Agreement (Under Title VI, Civil Rights Act of
1964).

3. The project proposal should outline the project in sufficient detail to
provide a reader with a complete understanding of how the loan program will
work. Explain what you will accomplish by lending funds to eligible entities.
Demonstrate the feasibility of the proposed loan program in meeting the
objectives of this grant program. The proposal should cover the following
elements:

(a) Present a brief project overview. Explain the purpose of the project, how it
relates to RUS's purposes, how you will carry out the project, what the project
will produce, and who will direct it.

(b) Describe why the project is necessary. Demonstrate that eligible entities
need loan funds. Quantify the number of prospective borrowers or provide
statistical or narrative evidence that a sufficient number of borrowers will
exist to justify the grant award. Describe the service area. Address community
needs.

(c) Clearly state your project goals. Your objectives should clearly describe
the goals and be concrete and specific enough to be quantitative or observable.
They should also be feasible and relate to the purpose of the loan program.

(d) The narrative should cover in more detail the items briefly described in the
Project Summary. It should establish the basis for any claims that you have
substantial expertise in promoting the safe and productive use of revolving
funds. In describing what the project will achieve, you should tell the reader
if it also will have broader influence. The narrative should address the
following points:

(1) Document your ability to administer and service a revolving fund in
accordance with the provisions of 7 CFR part 1783.

(2) Document your ability to commit financial resources to establish the RFP
with funds your organization controls. This documentation should describe the
sources of funds other than the RFP grant that will be used to pay your
operational costs and provide financial assistance for projects.

(3) Demonstrate that you have secured commitments of significant financial
support from other funding sources, if appropriate.

(4) List the fees and charges that borrowers will be assessed.

(e) The work plan must describe the tasks and activities that will be
accomplished with available resources during the grant period. It must show the
work you plan to do to achieve the anticipated outcomes, goals, and objectives
set out for the RFP. The plan must:

(1) Describe the work to be performed by each person.

(2) Give a schedule or timetable of work to be done.

(3) Show evidence of previous experience with the techniques to be used or their
successful use by others.

(4) Outline the loan program to include the following: specific loan purposes, a
loan application process, priorities, borrower eligibility criteria,
limitations, fees, interest rates, terms, and collateral requirements.

(5) Provide a marketing plan.

(6) Explain the mechanics of how you will transfer loan funds to the borrowers.

(7) Describe follow-up or continuing activities that should occur after project
completion such as monitoring and reporting borrowers' accomplishments.

(8) Describe how the results will be evaluated. The evaluation criteria should
be in line with the project objectives.

(9) List all personnel responsible for administering this program along with a
statement of their qualifications and experience.

(f) The written justification for projected costs should explain how budget
figures were determined for each category. It should indicate which costs are to
be covered by grant funds and which costs will be met by your organization or
other organizations. The justification should account for all expenditures
discussed in the narrative. It should reflect appropriate cost-sharing
contributions. The budget justification should explain the budget and accounting
system proposed or in place. The administrative costs for operating the budget
should be expressed as a percentage of the overall budget. The budget
justification should provide specific budget figures, rounding off figures to
the nearest dollar. Applicants should consult OMB Circular A-122: "Cost
Principles for Non-Profit Organizations" or any successor guidance for
information about appropriate costs for each budget category.

(g) In addition to completing the standard application forms, you must submit:

(1) Supplementary material that demonstrate that your organization is legally
recognized under state or Tribal and Federal law. Satisfactory documentation
includes, but is not limited to, certificates from the Secretary of State, or
copies of state statutes or laws establishing your organization. Letters from
the IRS awarding tax-exempt status are not considered adequate evidence.

(2) A certified list of directors and officers with their respective terms.

(3) Evidence of tax exempt status from the IRS.

(4) Debarment and suspension information is required in accordance with 2 CFR
part 417 (Nonprocurement Debarment and Suspension) supplemented by 2 CFR part
180, if it applies. The section heading is "What information must I provide
before entering into a covered transaction with the Federal Government?" located
at 2 CFR 180.335. It is part of OMB's Guidance for Grants and Agreements
concerning Government-wide Debarment and Suspension.

(5) All of your organization's known workplaces by including the actual address
of buildings (or parts of buildings) or other sites where work under the award
takes place. Workplace identification is required under the drug-free workplace
requirements in subpart B of 2 CFR part 421, which adopts the Governmentwide
implementation (2 CFR part 182) of the Drug-Free Workplace Act.

(6) The most recent audit of your organization.

(7) The following financial statements:

i. A pro forma balance sheet at start-up and for at least three additional
years; Balance sheets, income statements, and cash flow statements for the last
three years.

ii. If your organization has been formed less than three years, the financial
statements should be submitted for the periods from inception to the present.
Projected income and cash flow statements for at least three years supported by
a list of assumptions showing the basis for the projections. The projected
income statement and balance sheet must include one set of projections that
shows the revolving loan fund only and a separate set of projections that shows
your organization's total operations.

(8) Additional information to support and describe your plan for achieving the
grant objectives. The information may be regarded as essential for understanding
and evaluating the project and may be found in letters of support, as
resolutions, policies, and other relevant documents. The supplements may be
presented in appendices to the proposal.
V. Application Review Information

A. Within 30 days of receiving your application, RUS will send you a letter of
acknowledgment. Your application will be reviewed for completeness to determine
if you included all of the items required. If your application is incomplete or
ineligible, RUS will return it to you with an explanation.

B. A review team, composed of at least two RUS staff members, will evaluate all
applications and proposals. They will make overall recommendations based on
factors such as eligibility, application completeness, and conformity to
application requirements. They will score the applications based on criteria in
the next section.

C. All applications that are complete and eligible will be ranked competitively
based on the following scoring criteria:

1. Degree of expertise and successful experience in making and servicing
commercial loans, with a successful record, for the following number of full
years:

(a) At least 1 but less than 3 years--5 points.

(b) At least 3 but less than 5 years--10 points.

(c) At least 5 but less than 10 years--20 points.

(d) 10 or more years--30 points.

2. Extent to which the work plan demonstrates a well thought out, comprehensive
approach to accomplishing the objectives of this part, clearly defines who will
be served by the project, clearly articulates the problem/issues to be
addressed, identifies the service area to be covered by the RFP loans and
appears likely to be sustainable; up to 40 points

3. Percentage of applicant contributions. Points allowed under this paragraph
will be based on written evidence of the availability of funds from sources
other than the proceeds of an RFP grant to pay part of the cost of a loan
recipient's project. In-kind contributions will not be considered. Funds from
other sources as a percentage of the RFP grant and pointscorresponding to such
percentages are as follows:

(a) Less than 20 percent--ineligible.

(b) At least 20 percent but less than 50 percent--10 points.

(c) 50 percent or more--20 points.

4. Extent to which the goals and objectives are clearly defined, tied to the
work plan, and are measurable; up to 15 points.

5. Lowest ratio of projected administrative expenses to loans advanced; up to 10
points.

6. The evaluation methods for considering loan applications and making RFP loans
are specific to the program, clearly defined, measurable, and are consistent
with program outcomes; up to 20 points.

7. Administrator's discretion points may be awarded based on the following:

(a) Directs loans to the smallest communities with the lowest incomes
emphasizing areas where according to the American Community Survey data by
census tracts show that at least 20 percent of the population is living in
poverty. This emphasis will support Rural Development's goal of providing 20
percent of its funding by 2016 to these areas of need.

(b) Directs loans to areas which lack running water, flush toilets, and modern
sewage disposal systems, and areas which have open sewers and high rates of
disease caused by poor sanitation, in particular, colonias or Substantially
Underserved Trust Areas.

(c) Directs loans that emphasize energy and water efficient components to reduce
costs and increase sustainability of rural systems; up to 10 points.
VI. Award Administration Information

A. RUS will rank all qualifying applications by their final score. Applications
will be selected for funding, based on the highest scores and the availability
of funding for RFP grants. Each applicant will be notified in writing of the
score its application receives.

B. In making its decision about your application, RUS may determine that your
application is:

1. Eligible and selected for funding,

2. Eligible but offered fewer funds than requested,

3. Eligible but not selected for funding, or

4. Ineligible for the grant.

C. In accordance with 7 CFR part 1900, subpart B, you generally have the right
to appeal adverse decisions under 7 CFR part 11. Some adverse decisions cannot
be appealed. For example, if you are denied RUS funding due to a lack of funds
available for the grant program, this decision cannot be appealed. However, you
may make a request to the National Appeals Division (NAD) to review the accuracy
of our finding that the decision cannot be appealed. The appeal must be in
writing and filed at the appropriate Regional Office, which can be found at
http://www.nad.usda.gov/ or by calling (703) 305-1166.

D. Applicants selected for funding will complete a grant agreement, which
outlines the terms and conditions of the grant award.

E. Grantees will be reimbursed as follows:

1. SF-270, "Request for Advance or Reimbursement," will be completed by the
grantee in accordance with 7 CFR part 3000 or any successor regulations.

2. Upon receipt of a properly completed SF-270, the funds will be requested
through the field office terminal system. Ordinarily, payment will be made
within 30 days after receipt of a proper request for reimbursement.

3. Grantees are encouraged to use women- and minority-owned banks (a bank which
is owned at least 50 percent by women or minority group members) for the deposit
and disbursement of funds.

F. Any change in the scope of the project, budget adjustments of more than 10
percent of the total budget, or any other significant change in the project must
be reported to and approved by the approval official by written amendment to the
grant agreement. Any change not approved may be cause for termination of the
grant.

G. Grantees shall constantly monitor performance to ensure that time schedules
are being met, projected work by time periods is being accomplished, and other
performance objectives are being achieved. The Grantee will provide project
reports as follows:

1. SF-425, "Financial Status Report (short form)," and a project performance
activity report will be required of all grantees on a quarterly basis, due 30
days after the end of each quarter.

2. A final project performance report will be required with the last SF-425 due
90 days after the end of the last quarter in which the project is completed. The
final report may serve as the last quarterly report.

3. All multi-State grantees are to submit an original of each report to the
National Office. Grantees serving only one State are to submit an original of
each report to the State Office. The project performance reports should detail,
preferably in a narrative format, activities that have transpired for the
specific time period.

H. The grantee will provide an audit report or financial statements as follows:

1. Grantees expending $500,000 or more Federal funds per fiscal year will submit
an audit conducted in accordance 7 CFR part 3052 or any successor regulation
with OMB Circular A-133 or any successor guidance from OMB. The audit will be
submitted within 9 months after the grantee's fiscal year. Additional audits may
be required if the project period covers more than one fiscal year.

2. Grantees expending less than $500,000 will provide annual financial
statements covering the grant period, consisting of the organization's statement
of income and expense and balance sheet signed by an appropriate official of the
organization. Financial statements will be submitted within 90 days after the
grantee's fiscal year.

3. Recipient and Subrecipient Reporting.

The applicant must have the necessary processes and systems in place to comply
with the reporting requirements for first-tier sub-awards and executive
compensation under the Federal Funding Accountability and Transparency Act of
2006 in the event the applicant receives funding unless such applicant is exempt
from such reporting requirements pursuant to 2 CFR part 170, § 170.110(b). The
reporting requirements under the Transparency Act pursuant to 2 CFR part 170 are
as follows:

(a) First Tier Sub-Awards of $25,000 or more in non-Recovery Act funds (unless
they are exempt under 2 CFR part 170) must be reported by the Recipient to
http://www.fsrs.gov no later than the end of the month following the month the
obligation was made. Please note that currently underway is a consolidation of
eight federal procurement systems, including the Sub-award Reporting System
(FSRS), into one system, the System for Award Management (SAM). As result the
FSRS will soon be consolidated into and accessed through
https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/.

(b) The Total Compensation of the Recipient's Executives (5 most highly
compensated executives) must be reported by the Recipient (if the Recipient
meets the criteria under 2 CFR part 170) to
https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/ by the end of the month following the
month in which the award was made.

(c) The Total Compensation of the Subrecipient's Executives (5 most highly
compensated executives) must be reported by the Subrecipient (if theSubrecipient
meets the criteria under 2 CFR part 170) to the Recipient by the end of the
month following the month in which the subaward was made.
VII. Agency Contacts

A. Web site: http://www.usda.gov/rus/water. The Rural Utilities Service Web site
maintains up-to-date resources and contact information for the RFP.

B. Phone: 202-720-9589.

C. Fax: 202-690-0649.

D. Email: Joyce M.Taylor@wdc.usda.gov

E. Main point of contact: Joyce M. Taylor, Community Programs Specialist, Water
and Environmental Programs, Water Programs Division, Rural Utilities Service,
U.S. Department of Agriculture.
VIII. Non-Discrimination Statement
USDA Non-Discrimination Statement

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) prohibits discrimination against its
customers, employees, and applicants for employment on the bases of race, color,
national origin, age, disability, sex, gender identity, religion, reprisal, and
where applicable, political beliefs, marital status, familial or parental
status, sexual orientation, or all or part of an individual's income is derived
from any public assistance program, or protected genetic information in
employment or in any program or activity conducted or funded by the Department.
(Not all prohibited bases will apply to all programs and/or employment
activities.)
How To File a Complaint

If you wish to file an employment complaint, you must contact your agency's EEO
Counselor within 45 days of the date of the alleged discriminatory act, event,
or in the case of a personnel action. Additional information can be found online
at http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_file.html.

If you wish to file a Civil Rights program complaint of discrimination, complete
the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint Form (PDF), found online at
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html, or at any USDA office, or
call (866) 632-9992 to request the form. You may also write a letter containing
all of the information requested in the form. Send your completed complaint form
or letter to us by mail at U.S. Department of Agriculture, Director, Office of
Adjudication, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-9410, by fax
(202) 690-7442 or email at program.intake@usda.gov
Persons With Disabilities

Individuals who are deaf, hard of hearing or have speech disabilities and you
wish to file either an EEO or program complaint please contact USDA through the
Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339 or (800) 845-6136 (in Spanish).

Persons with disabilities who wish to file a program complaint, please see
information above on how to contact us by mail directly or by email. If you
require alternative means of communication for program information (e.g.,
Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.) please contact USDA's TARGET Center at
(202) 720-2600 (voice and TDD).

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              12 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 13, 2015 Friday

Grant and Loan Application Deadlines

LENGTH: 5344  words


Washington, D.C.: This Notice document was issued by the Rural Utilities Service
(RUS)

Action

Notice of Solicitation of Applications.
Summary

The Rural Utilities Service (RUS) announces its Revolving Fund Program (RFP)
application window for Fiscal Year (FY) 2015.

The RFP is authorized under section 306(a)(2)(B) of the Consolidated Farm and
Rural Development Act (Con Act), 7 U.S.C. 1926 (a)(2)(B). Under the RFP,
qualified private, non-profit organizations may receive RFP grant funds to
establish a lending program for eligible entities. Eligible entities for the
revolving loan fund will be the same entities eligible, under paragraph 1 or 2
of Section 306(a) of the Con Act, 7 U.S.C. 1926(a)(1) or (b)(2), to obtain a
loan, loan guarantee, or grant from the RUS Water, Waste Disposal and Wastewater
loan and grant programs.

This year administrative discretion points may be awarded for work plans that:
Direct loans to the smallest communities with the lowest incomes emphasizing
areas where according to the American Community Survey data by census tracts
show that at least 20 percent of the population is living in poverty. This
emphasis will support Rural Development's goal of providing 20 percent of its
funding by 2016 to these areas of need;

Direct loans to areas that lack running water, flush toilets, and modern sewage
disposal systems, and areas which have open sewers and high rates of disease
caused by poor sanitation, in particular, colonias or Substantially Underserved
Trust Areas; and

Direct loans that emphasize energy and water efficient components to reduce
costs and increase sustainability of rural systems.

RUS will publish on its Web site at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/UWP-revolvingfund.html the amount offunding received
in the FY2015 Appropriations Act, if any.
Dates

You may submit completed applications for grants on paper or electronically
according to the following deadlines:

Paper copies must be postmarked and mailed, shipped, or sent overnight no later
than April 13, 2015 to be eligible for FY2015 grant funding. Late or incomplete
applications will not be eligible for FY2015 grant funding.
    Electronic copies must be received by April 13, 2015 to be eligible for
FY2015 grant funding. Late or incomplete applications will not be eligible for
FY2015 grant funding.

Addresses

You may obtain application guides and materials for the RFP program at the Water
and Environmental Programs (WEP) Web site:
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/UWP-revolvingfund.html. You may also request
application guides and materials by contacting Joyce M. Taylor at (202)
720-0499.

Submit completed paper applications for RFP grants to the Rural Utilities
Service, U.S. Department of Agriculture, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Room
2233, STOP 1570, Washington, DC 20250-1570. Applications should be marked
Attention: Joyce M. Taylor, Water and Environmental Programs.

Submit electronic grant applications at http://www.grants.gov (Grants.gov) and
follow the instructions you find on that Web site.
For Further Information Contact

Joyce M. Taylor, Community Programs Specialist, Water Programs Division, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, Rural Utilities Service, STOP 1570, Room 2233-S, 1400
Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-1570; Telephone: (202) 720-0499:
Fax: (202) 690-0649.
Supplementary Information
Overview

Federal Agency: Rural Utilities Service (RUS).

Funding Opportunity Title: Grant Program to Establish a Fund for Financing Water
and Wastewater Projects (Revolving Fund Program (RFP)).

Announcement Type: Solicitation of Applications.

Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance (CFDA) Number: 10.864.

Due Date for Applications: Applications must be mailed, shipped or submitted
electronically through Grants.gov no later than April 13, 2015 to be eligible
for FY2015 grant funding.
Items in Supplementary Information

I. Funding Opportunity: Brief introduction to the RFP.

II. Award Information: To be determined.

III. Eligibility Information: Who is eligible, what kinds of projects are
eligible, what criteria determine basic eligibility.

IV. Application and Submission Information: Where to get application materials,
what constitutes a completed application, how and where to submit applications,
deadlines, items that are eligible.

V. Application Review Information: Considerations and preferences, scoring
criteria, review standards, selection information.

VI. Award Administration Information: Award notice information, award recipient
reporting requirements.

VII. Agency Contacts: Web, phone, fax, email, contact name.

VIII. Non-Discrimination Statement.
I. Funding Opportunity

Drinking water systems are basic and vital to both health and economic
development. With dependable water facilities, rural communities can attract
families and businesses that will invest in the community and improve the
quality of life for all residents. Without dependable water facilities, the
communities cannot sustain economic development.

RUS provides financial and technical assistance to help communities bring safe
drinking water and sanitary, environmentally sound waste disposal facilities to
rural Americans. It supports the sound development of rural communities and the
growth of our economy without endangering the environment.

The Revolving Fund Program (RFP) has been established under 7 CFR part 1783 to
assist communities with water or wastewater systems. Qualified private,
non-profit organizations, who are selected for funding, will receive RFP grant
funds to establish a lending program for eligible entities. Eligible entities
for the revolving loan fund will be the same entities eligible to obtain a loan,
loan guarantee, or grant from the Water and Waste Disposal loan and grant
programs administered by RUS, under 7 U.S.C.1926(a)(1) and (2). As grant
recipients, the non-profit organizations will set up a revolving loan fund to
provide loans to finance predevelopment costs of water or wastewater projects,
or short-term small capital projects not part of the regular operation and
maintenance of current water and wastewater systems. The amount of financing to
an eligible entity shall not exceed $100,000.00 and shall be repaid in a term
not to exceed 10 years. The rate shall be determined in the approved grant work
plan.
II. Award Information

Available funds: To be determined. This Notice is being issued prior to passage
of an FY2015 Appropriations Act, which may or may not provide an appropriation
for this program, in order to allow applicants sufficient time to prepare and
submit applications and to provide the Agency time to process the applications
in a timely fashion. Successful applications will be selected by RUS for funding
and subsequently awarded to the extent that funding may ultimately be made
available to RUS through appropriations. RUS will publish on its Web site the
amount of funding received in the final FY2015 Appropriations Act, if any.
III. Eligibility Information
A. Who is eligible to apply?

An applicant is eligible to apply for the RFP grant if it:

1. Is a private, non-profit organization;

2. Is legally established and located within one of the following:

(a) A state within the United States;

(b) The District of Columbia;

(c) The Commonwealth of Puerto Rico; or

(d) A United States territory;

3. Has the legal capacity and authority to carry out the grant purpose;

4. Has a proven record of successfully operating a revolving loan fund to rural
areas;

5. Has capitalization acceptable to the Agency, and is composed of at least 51
percent of the outstanding interest or membership being citizens of the United
States or individuals who reside in the United States after being legally
admitted for permanent residence;

6. Has no delinquent debt to the Federal Government or no outstanding judgments
to repay a Federal debt;

7. Demonstrates that it possesses the financial, technical, and managerial
capability to comply with Federal and State laws and requirements; and

8. Is not a corporation that has been convicted of a felony (or had an officer
or agent acting on behalf of the corporation convicted of a felony) within the
past 24 months. Any Corporation that has any unpaid federal tax liability that
has been assessed, for which all judicial and administrative remedies have been
exhausted or have lapsed, and that is not being paid in a timely manner pursuant
to an agreement with the authority responsible for collecting the tax liability
is not eligible.
B. What are the basic eligibility requirements for a project?

1. The following activities are authorized under the RFP statute:

(a) Grant funds must be used to capitalize a revolving fund program for the
purpose of providing direct loan financing to eligible entities for
pre-development costs associated with proposed or with existing water and
wastewater systems, or,

(b) Short-term costs incurred for equipment replacement, small-scale extension
of services, or other small capital projects that are not part of the regular
operations and maintenance activities of existing water and wastewater systems.

2. Grant funds may not be used to pay any of the following:

(a) Payment of the Grant Recipient's administrative costs or expenses, or,

(b) Delinquent debt owed to the Federal Government.
IV. Application and Submission Information
A. The Grant Application Guide, Copies of Necessary Forms and Samples, and the
RFP Regulation Are Available From These Sources

1. The Internet: http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/UWP-revolvingfund.html or
http://www.grants.gov.

2. For paper copies of these materials, you may call (202) 720-9589.
B. You May File an Application in Either Paper or Electronic Format

Whether you file a paper or an electronic application, you will need a DUNS
number.

1. DUNS Number.

The applicant for a grant must supply a Dun and Bradstreet Data Universal
Numbering System (DUNS) number as part of an application. The Standard Form 424
(SF-424) contains a field for the DUNS number. The applicant can obtain the DUNS
number free of charge by calling Dun and Bradstreet. Please see
http://fedgov.dnb.com/webform for more information on how to obtain a DUNS
number or how to verify your organization's number.

In accordance with 2 CFR part 25, whether applying electronically or by paper,
the applicant must register in the System for Award Management (SAM) (formerly
Central Contractor Registry, (CCR)) prior to submitting an application.
Applicants may register for the SAM at https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/.
The SAM registration must remain active with current information at all times
while RUS is considering an application or while a Federal Grant Award or loan
is active. To remain registered in the SAM database the applicant must review
and update the information in the SAM database annually from date of initial
registration or from the date of the last update. The applicant must ensure that
the information in the database is current, accurate, and complete.

2. Applications submitted by paper:

(a) Send or deliver paper applications by the U.S. Postal Service (USPS) or
courier delivery services to: Water and Environmental Programs, Rural Utilities
Service, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Attention: Joyce M. Taylor, Mail STOP
1570, Room 2233-S, Washington, DC 20250-1570.

(b) For paper applications mail or ensure delivery of an original paper
application (no stamped, photocopied, or initialed signatures) and two copies by
the deadline date. The application and any materials sent with it become Federal
records by law and cannot be returned to you.

3. Electronically submitted applications:

(a) Applications will not be accepted by fax or electronic mail.

(b) Electronic applications for grants will be accepted if submitted through
Grants.gov at http://www.grants.gov.

(c) Applicants must preregister successfully with Grants.gov to use the
electronic applications option. Application information may be downloaded from
Grants.gov without preregistration.

(d) Applicants who apply through Grants.gov should submit their electronic
applications before the deadline.

(e) Grants.gov contains full instructions on all required passwords,
credentialing, and software. Follow the instructions at Grants.gov for
registering and submitting an electronic application.

(f) Grants.gov has two preregistration requirements: A DUNS number and an active
registration in the SAM. See Item 1 above for instructions on obtaining a DUNS
number and registering in the SAM.
C. A Complete Application Must Meet the Following Requirements

1. To be considered for support, you must be an eligible entity and must submit
a complete application by the deadline date. You should consult the cost
principles and general administrative requirements for grants pertaining to
their organizational type in order to prepare the budget and complete other
parts of the application. You also must demonstrate compliance (or intent to
comply), through certification or other means, with a number of public policy
requirements. Applications should be prepared in conformance with the provisions
in 2 CFR parts 180, 182, and regulations applicable to USDA including 2 CFR
parts 421, and 417.

2. Applicants must complete and submit the following forms to apply for a RFP
grant:

(a) Standard Form 424, "Application for Federal Assistance."

(b) Standard Form 424A, "Budget Information--Non-Construction Programs."

(c) Standard Form 424B, "Assurances--Non-Construction Programs."

(d) Standard Form LLL, "Disclosure of Lobbying Activity."

(e) Form RD 400-1, "Equal Opportunity Agreement."

(f) Form RD 400-4, "Assurance Agreement (Under Title VI, Civil Rights Act of
1964).

3. The project proposal should outline the project in sufficient detail to
provide a reader with a complete understanding of how the loan program will
work. Explain what you will accomplish by lending funds to eligible entities.
Demonstrate the feasibility of the proposed loan program in meeting the
objectives of this grant program. The proposal should cover the following
elements:

(a) Present a brief project overview. Explain the purpose of the project, how it
relates to RUS's purposes, how you will carry out the project, what the project
will produce, and who will direct it.

(b) Describe why the project is necessary. Demonstrate that eligible entities
need loan funds. Quantify the number of prospective borrowers or provide
statistical or narrative evidence that a sufficient number of borrowers will
exist to justify the grant award. Describe the service area. Address community
needs.

(c) Clearly state your project goals. Your objectives should clearly describe
the goals and be concrete and specific enough to be quantitative or observable.
They should also be feasible and relate to the purpose of the loan program.

(d) The narrative should cover in more detail the items briefly described in the
Project Summary. It should establish the basis for any claims that you have
substantial expertise in promoting the safe and productive use of revolving
funds. In describing what the project will achieve, you should tell the reader
if it also will have broader influence. The narrative should address the
following points:

(1) Document your ability to administer and service a revolving fund in
accordance with the provisions of 7 CFR part 1783.

(2) Document your ability to commit financial resources to establish the RFP
with funds your organization controls. This documentation should describe the
sources of funds other than the RFP grant that will be used to pay your
operational costs and provide financial assistance for projects.

(3) Demonstrate that you have secured commitments of significant financial
support from other funding sources, if appropriate.

(4) List the fees and charges that borrowers will be assessed.

(e) The work plan must describe the tasks and activities that will be
accomplished with available resources during the grant period. It must show the
work you plan to do to achieve the anticipated outcomes, goals, and objectives
set out for the RFP. The plan must:

(1) Describe the work to be performed by each person.

(2) Give a schedule or timetable of work to be done.

(3) Show evidence of previous experience with the techniques to be used or their
successful use by others.

(4) Outline the loan program to include the following: specific loan purposes, a
loan application process, priorities, borrower eligibility criteria,
limitations, fees, interest rates, terms, and collateral requirements.

(5) Provide a marketing plan.

(6) Explain the mechanics of how you will transfer loan funds to the borrowers.

(7) Describe follow-up or continuing activities that should occur after project
completion such as monitoring and reporting borrowers' accomplishments.

(8) Describe how the results will be evaluated. The evaluation criteria should
be in line with the project objectives.

(9) List all personnel responsible for administering this program along with a
statement of their qualifications and experience.

(f) The written justification for projected costs should explain how budget
figures were determined for each category. It should indicate which costs are to
be covered by grant funds and which costs will be met by your organization or
other organizations. The justification should account for all expenditures
discussed in the narrative. It should reflect appropriate cost-sharing
contributions. The budget justification should explain the budget and accounting
system proposed or in place. The administrative costs for operating the budget
should be expressed as a percentage of the overall budget. The budget
justification should provide specific budget figures, rounding off figures to
the nearest dollar. Applicants should consult OMB Circular A-122: "Cost
Principles for Non-Profit Organizations" or any successor guidance for
information about appropriate costs for each budget category.

(g) In addition to completing the standard application forms, you must submit:

(1) Supplementary material that demonstrate that your organization is legally
recognized under state or Tribal and Federal law. Satisfactory documentation
includes, but is not limited to, certificates from the Secretary of State, or
copies of state statutes or laws establishing your organization. Letters from
the IRS awarding tax-exempt status are not considered adequate evidence.

(2) A certified list of directors and officers with their respective terms.

(3) Evidence of tax exempt status from the IRS.

(4) Debarment and suspension information is required in accordance with 2 CFR
part 417 (Nonprocurement Debarment and Suspension) supplemented by 2 CFR part
180, if it applies. The section heading is "What information must I provide
before entering into a covered transaction with the Federal Government?" located
at 2 CFR 180.335. It is part of OMB's Guidance for Grants and Agreements
concerning Government-wide Debarment and Suspension.

(5) All of your organization's known workplaces by including the actual address
of buildings (or parts of buildings) or other sites where work under the award
takes place. Workplace identification is required under the drug-free workplace
requirements in subpart B of 2 CFR part 421, which adopts the Governmentwide
implementation (2 CFR part 182) of the Drug-Free Workplace Act.

(6) The most recent audit of your organization.

(7) The following financial statements:

i. A pro forma balance sheet at start-up and for at least three additional
years; Balance sheets, income statements, and cash flow statements for the last
three years.

ii. If your organization has been formed less than three years, the financial
statements should be submitted for the periods from inception to the present.
Projected income and cash flow statements for at least three years supported by
a list of assumptions showing the basis for the projections. The projected
income statement and balance sheet must include one set of projections that
shows the revolving loan fund only and a separate set of projections that shows
your organization's total operations.

(8) Additional information to support and describe your plan for achieving the
grant objectives. The information may be regarded as essential for understanding
and evaluating the project and may be found in letters of support, as
resolutions, policies, and other relevant documents. The supplements may be
presented in appendices to the proposal.
V. Application Review Information

A. Within 30 days of receiving your application, RUS will send you a letter of
acknowledgment. Your application will be reviewed for completeness to determine
if you included all of the items required. If your application is incomplete or
ineligible, RUS will return it to you with an explanation.

B. A review team, composed of at least two RUS staff members, will evaluate all
applications and proposals. They will make overall recommendations based on
factors such as eligibility, application completeness, and conformity to
application requirements. They will score the applications based on criteria in
the next section.

C. All applications that are complete and eligible will be ranked competitively
based on the following scoring criteria:

1. Degree of expertise and successful experience in making and servicing
commercial loans, with a successful record, for the following number of full
years:

(a) At least 1 but less than 3 years--5 points.

(b) At least 3 but less than 5 years--10 points.

(c) At least 5 but less than 10 years--20 points.

(d) 10 or more years--30 points.

2. Extent to which the work plan demonstrates a well thought out, comprehensive
approach to accomplishing the objectives of this part, clearly defines who will
be served by the project, clearly articulates the problem/issues to be
addressed, identifies the service area to be covered by the RFP loans and
appears likely to be sustainable; up to 40 points

3. Percentage of applicant contributions. Points allowed under this paragraph
will be based on written evidence of the availability of funds from sources
other than the proceeds of an RFP grant to pay part of the cost of a loan
recipient's project. In-kind contributions will not be considered. Funds from
other sources as a percentage of the RFP grant and pointscorresponding to such
percentages are as follows:

(a) Less than 20 percent--ineligible.

(b) At least 20 percent but less than 50 percent--10 points.

(c) 50 percent or more--20 points.

4. Extent to which the goals and objectives are clearly defined, tied to the
work plan, and are measurable; up to 15 points.

5. Lowest ratio of projected administrative expenses to loans advanced; up to 10
points.

6. The evaluation methods for considering loan applications and making RFP loans
are specific to the program, clearly defined, measurable, and are consistent
with program outcomes; up to 20 points.

7. Administrator's discretion points may be awarded based on the following:

(a) Directs loans to the smallest communities with the lowest incomes
emphasizing areas where according to the American Community Survey data by
census tracts show that at least 20 percent of the population is living in
poverty. This emphasis will support Rural Development's goal of providing 20
percent of its funding by 2016 to these areas of need.

(b) Directs loans to areas which lack running water, flush toilets, and modern
sewage disposal systems, and areas which have open sewers and high rates of
disease caused by poor sanitation, in particular, colonias or Substantially
Underserved Trust Areas.

(c) Directs loans that emphasize energy and water efficient components to reduce
costs and increase sustainability of rural systems; up to 10 points.
VI. Award Administration Information

A. RUS will rank all qualifying applications by their final score. Applications
will be selected for funding, based on the highest scores and the availability
of funding for RFP grants. Each applicant will be notified in writing of the
score its application receives.

B. In making its decision about your application, RUS may determine that your
application is:

1. Eligible and selected for funding,

2. Eligible but offered fewer funds than requested,

3. Eligible but not selected for funding, or

4. Ineligible for the grant.

C. In accordance with 7 CFR part 1900, subpart B, you generally have the right
to appeal adverse decisions under 7 CFR part 11. Some adverse decisions cannot
be appealed. For example, if you are denied RUS funding due to a lack of funds
available for the grant program, this decision cannot be appealed. However, you
may make a request to the National Appeals Division (NAD) to review the accuracy
of our finding that the decision cannot be appealed. The appeal must be in
writing and filed at the appropriate Regional Office, which can be found at
http://www.nad.usda.gov/ or by calling (703) 305-1166.

D. Applicants selected for funding will complete a grant agreement, which
outlines the terms and conditions of the grant award.

E. Grantees will be reimbursed as follows:

1. SF-270, "Request for Advance or Reimbursement," will be completed by the
grantee in accordance with 7 CFR part 3000 or any successor regulations.

2. Upon receipt of a properly completed SF-270, the funds will be requested
through the field office terminal system. Ordinarily, payment will be made
within 30 days after receipt of a proper request for reimbursement.

3. Grantees are encouraged to use women- and minority-owned banks (a bank which
is owned at least 50 percent by women or minority group members) for the deposit
and disbursement of funds.

F. Any change in the scope of the project, budget adjustments of more than 10
percent of the total budget, or any other significant change in the project must
be reported to and approved by the approval official by written amendment to the
grant agreement. Any change not approved may be cause for termination of the
grant.

G. Grantees shall constantly monitor performance to ensure that time schedules
are being met, projected work by time periods is being accomplished, and other
performance objectives are being achieved. The Grantee will provide project
reports as follows:

1. SF-425, "Financial Status Report (short form)," and a project performance
activity report will be required of all grantees on a quarterly basis, due 30
days after the end of each quarter.

2. A final project performance report will be required with the last SF-425 due
90 days after the end of the last quarter in which the project is completed. The
final report may serve as the last quarterly report.

3. All multi-State grantees are to submit an original of each report to the
National Office. Grantees serving only one State are to submit an original of
each report to the State Office. The project performance reports should detail,
preferably in a narrative format, activities that have transpired for the
specific time period.

H. The grantee will provide an audit report or financial statements as follows:

1. Grantees expending $500,000 or more Federal funds per fiscal year will submit
an audit conducted in accordance 7 CFR part 3052 or any successor regulation
with OMB Circular A-133 or any successor guidance from OMB. The audit will be
submitted within 9 months after the grantee's fiscal year. Additional audits may
be required if the project period covers more than one fiscal year.

2. Grantees expending less than $500,000 will provide annual financial
statements covering the grant period, consisting of the organization's statement
of income and expense and balance sheet signed by an appropriate official of the
organization. Financial statements will be submitted within 90 days after the
grantee's fiscal year.

3. Recipient and Subrecipient Reporting.

The applicant must have the necessary processes and systems in place to comply
with the reporting requirements for first-tier sub-awards and executive
compensation under the Federal Funding Accountability and Transparency Act of
2006 in the event the applicant receives funding unless such applicant is exempt
from such reporting requirements pursuant to 2 CFR part 170, § 170.110(b). The
reporting requirements under the Transparency Act pursuant to 2 CFR part 170 are
as follows:

(a) First Tier Sub-Awards of $25,000 or more in non-Recovery Act funds (unless
they are exempt under 2 CFR part 170) must be reported by the Recipient to
http://www.fsrs.gov no later than the end of the month following the month the
obligation was made. Please note that currently underway is a consolidation of
eight federal procurement systems, including the Sub-award Reporting System
(FSRS), into one system, the System for Award Management (SAM). As result the
FSRS will soon be consolidated into and accessed through
https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/.

(b) The Total Compensation of the Recipient's Executives (5 most highly
compensated executives) must be reported by the Recipient (if the Recipient
meets the criteria under 2 CFR part 170) to
https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/ by the end of the month following the
month in which the award was made.

(c) The Total Compensation of the Subrecipient's Executives (5 most highly
compensated executives) must be reported by the Subrecipient (if theSubrecipient
meets the criteria under 2 CFR part 170) to the Recipient by the end of the
month following the month in which the subaward was made.
VII. Agency Contacts

A. Web site: http://www.usda.gov/rus/water. The Rural Utilities Service Web site
maintains up-to-date resources and contact information for the RFP.

B. Phone: 202-720-9589.

C. Fax: 202-690-0649.

D. Email: Joyce M.Taylor@wdc.usda.gov

E. Main point of contact: Joyce M. Taylor, Community Programs Specialist, Water
and Environmental Programs, Water Programs Division, Rural Utilities Service,
U.S. Department of Agriculture.
VIII. Non-Discrimination Statement
USDA Non-Discrimination Statement

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) prohibits discrimination against its
customers, employees, and applicants for employment on the bases of race, color,
national origin, age, disability, sex, gender identity, religion, reprisal, and
where applicable, political beliefs, marital status, familial or parental
status, sexual orientation, or all or part of an individual's income is derived
from any public assistance program, or protected genetic information in
employment or in any program or activity conducted or funded by the Department.
(Not all prohibited bases will apply to all programs and/or employment
activities.)
How To File a Complaint

If you wish to file an employment complaint, you must contact your agency's EEO
Counselor within 45 days of the date of the alleged discriminatory act, event,
or in the case of a personnel action. Additional information can be found online
at http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_file.html.

If you wish to file a Civil Rights program complaint of discrimination, complete
the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint Form (PDF), found online at
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html, or at any USDA office, or
call (866) 632-9992 to request the form. You may also write a letter containing
all of the information requested in the form. Send your completed complaint form
or letter to us by mail at U.S. Department of Agriculture, Director, Office of
Adjudication, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-9410, by fax
(202) 690-7442 or email at program.intake@usda.gov
Persons With Disabilities

Individuals who are deaf, hard of hearing or have speech disabilities and you
wish to file either an EEO or program complaint please contact USDA through the
Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339 or (800) 845-6136 (in Spanish).

Persons with disabilities who wish to file a program complaint, please see
information above on how to contact us by mail directly or by email. If you
require alternative means of communication for program information (e.g.,
Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.) please contact USDA's TARGET Center at
(202) 720-2600 (voice and TDD).
Dated: January 6, 2015.
Jasper Schneider,
Acting Administrator, Rural Utilities Service.
[FR Doc. 2015-02702 Filed 2-11-15; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE 3410-15-P

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              13 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 13, 2015 Friday

Arizona: Grant and Loan Application Deadlines

LENGTH: 5308  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of The Treasury has issued the following news release:

Summary

The Rural Utilities Service (RUS) announces its Revolving Fund Program (RFP)
application window for Fiscal Year (FY) 2015.

The RFP is authorized under section 306(a)(2)(B) of the Consolidated Farm and
Rural Development Act (Con Act), 7 U.S.C. 1926 (a)(2)(B). Under the RFP,
qualified private, non-profit organizations may receive RFP grant funds to
establish a lending program for eligible entities. Eligible entities for the
revolving loan fund will be the same entities eligible, under paragraph 1 or 2
of Section 306(a) of the Con Act, 7 U.S.C. 1926(a)(1) or (b)(2), to obtain a
loan, loan guarantee, or grant from the RUS Water, Waste Disposal and Wastewater
loan and grant programs.

This year administrative discretion points may be awarded for work plans that:
Direct loans to the smallest communities with the lowest incomes emphasizing
areas where according to the American Community Survey data by census tracts
show that at least 20 percent of the population is living in poverty. This
emphasis will support Rural Development's goal of providing 20 percent of its
funding by 2016 to these areas of need;

Direct loans to areas that lack running water, flush toilets, and modern sewage
disposal systems, and areas which have open sewers and high rates of disease
caused by poor sanitation, in particular, colonias or Substantially Underserved
Trust Areas; and

Direct loans that emphasize energy and water efficient components to reduce
costs and increase sustainability of rural systems.

RUS will publish on its Web site at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/UWP-revolvingfund.html the amount offunding received
in the FY2015 Appropriations Act, if any.
Dates

You may submit completed applications for grants on paper or electronically
according to the following deadlines:

Paper copies must be postmarked and mailed, shipped, or sent overnight no later
than April 13, 2015 to be eligible for FY2015 grant funding. Late or incomplete
applications will not be eligible for FY2015 grant funding.
    Electronic copies must be received by April 13, 2015 to be eligible for
FY2015 grant funding. Late or incomplete applications will not be eligible for
FY2015 grant funding.

Addresses

You may obtain application guides and materials for the RFP program at the Water
and Environmental Programs (WEP) Web site:
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/UWP-revolvingfund.html. You may also request
application guides and materials by contacting Joyce M. Taylor at (202)
720-0499.

Submit completed paper applications for RFP grants to the Rural Utilities
Service, U.S. Department of Agriculture, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Room
2233, STOP 1570, Washington, DC 20250-1570. Applications should be marked
Attention: Joyce M. Taylor, Water and Environmental Programs.

Submit electronic grant applications at http://www.grants.gov (Grants.gov) and
follow the instructions you find on that Web site.
For Further Information Contact

Joyce M. Taylor, Community Programs Specialist, Water Programs Division, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, Rural Utilities Service, STOP 1570, Room 2233-S, 1400
Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-1570; Telephone: (202) 720-0499:
Fax: (202) 690-0649.
Supplementary Information
Overview

Federal Agency: Rural Utilities Service (RUS).

Funding Opportunity Title: Grant Program to Establish a Fund for Financing Water
and Wastewater Projects (Revolving Fund Program (RFP)).

Announcement Type: Solicitation of Applications.

Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance (CFDA) Number: 10.864.

Due Date for Applications: Applications must be mailed, shipped or submitted
electronically through Grants.gov no later than April 13, 2015 to be eligible
for FY2015 grant funding.
Items in Supplementary Information

I. Funding Opportunity: Brief introduction to the RFP.

II. Award Information: To be determined.

III. Eligibility Information: Who is eligible, what kinds of projects are
eligible, what criteria determine basic eligibility.

IV. Application and Submission Information: Where to get application materials,
what constitutes a completed application, how and where to submit applications,
deadlines, items that are eligible.

V. Application Review Information: Considerations and preferences, scoring
criteria, review standards, selection information.

VI. Award Administration Information: Award notice information, award recipient
reporting requirements.

VII. Agency Contacts: Web, phone, fax, email, contact name.

VIII. Non-Discrimination Statement.
I. Funding Opportunity

Drinking water systems are basic and vital to both health and economic
development. With dependable water facilities, rural communities can attract
families and businesses that will invest in the community and improve the
quality of life for all residents. Without dependable water facilities, the
communities cannot sustain economic development.

RUS provides financial and technical assistance to help communities bring safe
drinking water and sanitary, environmentally sound waste disposal facilities to
rural Americans. It supports the sound development of rural communities and the
growth of our economy without endangering the environment.

The Revolving Fund Program (RFP) has been established under 7 CFR part 1783 to
assist communities with water or wastewater systems. Qualified private,
non-profit organizations, who are selected for funding, will receive RFP grant
funds to establish a lending program for eligible entities. Eligible entities
for the revolving loan fund will be the same entities eligible to obtain a loan,
loan guarantee, or grant from the Water and Waste Disposal loan and grant
programs administered by RUS, under 7 U.S.C.1926(a)(1) and (2). As grant
recipients, the non-profit organizations will set up a revolving loan fund to
provide loans to finance predevelopment costs of water or wastewater projects,
or short-term small capital projects not part of the regular operation and
maintenance of current water and wastewater systems. The amount of financing to
an eligible entity shall not exceed $100,000.00 and shall be repaid in a term
not to exceed 10 years. The rate shall be determined in the approved grant work
plan.
II. Award Information

Available funds: To be determined. This Notice is being issued prior to passage
of an FY2015 Appropriations Act, which may or may not provide an appropriation
for this program, in order to allow applicants sufficient time to prepare and
submit applications and to provide the Agency time to process the applications
in a timely fashion. Successful applications will be selected by RUS for funding
and subsequently awarded to the extent that funding may ultimately be made
available to RUS through appropriations. RUS will publish on its Web site the
amount of funding received in the final FY2015 Appropriations Act, if any.
III. Eligibility Information
A. Who is eligible to apply?

An applicant is eligible to apply for the RFP grant if it:

1. Is a private, non-profit organization;

2. Is legally established and located within one of the following:

(a) A state within the United States;

(b) The District of Columbia;

(c) The Commonwealth of Puerto Rico; or

(d) A United States territory;

3. Has the legal capacity and authority to carry out the grant purpose;

4. Has a proven record of successfully operating a revolving loan fund to rural
areas;

5. Has capitalization acceptable to the Agency, and is composed of at least 51
percent of the outstanding interest or membership being citizens of the United
States or individuals who reside in the United States after being legally
admitted for permanent residence;

6. Has no delinquent debt to the Federal Government or no outstanding judgments
to repay a Federal debt;

7. Demonstrates that it possesses the financial, technical, and managerial
capability to comply with Federal and State laws and requirements; and

8. Is not a corporation that has been convicted of a felony (or had an officer
or agent acting on behalf of the corporation convicted of a felony) within the
past 24 months. Any Corporation that has any unpaid federal tax liability that
has been assessed, for which all judicial and administrative remedies have been
exhausted or have lapsed, and that is not being paid in a timely manner pursuant
to an agreement with the authority responsible for collecting the tax liability
is not eligible.
B. What are the basic eligibility requirements for a project?

1. The following activities are authorized under the RFP statute:

(a) Grant funds must be used to capitalize a revolving fund program for the
purpose of providing direct loan financing to eligible entities for
pre-development costs associated with proposed or with existing water and
wastewater systems, or,

(b) Short-term costs incurred for equipment replacement, small-scale extension
of services, or other small capital projects that are not part of the regular
operations and maintenance activities of existing water and wastewater systems.

2. Grant funds may not be used to pay any of the following:

(a) Payment of the Grant Recipient's administrative costs or expenses, or,

(b) Delinquent debt owed to the Federal Government.
IV. Application and Submission Information
A. The Grant Application Guide, Copies of Necessary Forms and Samples, and the
RFP Regulation Are Available From These Sources

1. The Internet: http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/UWP-revolvingfund.html or
http://www.grants.gov.

2. For paper copies of these materials, you may call (202) 720-9589.
B. You May File an Application in Either Paper or Electronic Format

Whether you file a paper or an electronic application, you will need a DUNS
number.

1. DUNS Number.

The applicant for a grant must supply a Dun and Bradstreet Data Universal
Numbering System (DUNS) number as part of an application. The Standard Form 424
(SF-424) contains a field for the DUNS number. The applicant can obtain the DUNS
number free of charge by calling Dun and Bradstreet. Please see
http://fedgov.dnb.com/webform for more information on how to obtain a DUNS
number or how to verify your organization's number.

In accordance with 2 CFR part 25, whether applying electronically or by paper,
the applicant must register in the System for Award Management (SAM) (formerly
Central Contractor Registry, (CCR)) prior to submitting an application.
Applicants may register for the SAM at https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/.
The SAM registration must remain active with current information at all times
while RUS is considering an application or while a Federal Grant Award or loan
is active. To remain registered in the SAM database the applicant must review
and update the information in the SAM database annually from date of initial
registration or from the date of the last update. The applicant must ensure that
the information in the database is current, accurate, and complete.

2. Applications submitted by paper:

(a) Send or deliver paper applications by the U.S. Postal Service (USPS) or
courier delivery services to: Water and Environmental Programs, Rural Utilities
Service, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Attention: Joyce M. Taylor, Mail STOP
1570, Room 2233-S, Washington, DC 20250-1570.

(b) For paper applications mail or ensure delivery of an original paper
application (no stamped, photocopied, or initialed signatures) and two copies by
the deadline date. The application and any materials sent with it become Federal
records by law and cannot be returned to you.

3. Electronically submitted applications:

(a) Applications will not be accepted by fax or electronic mail.

(b) Electronic applications for grants will be accepted if submitted through
Grants.gov at http://www.grants.gov.

(c) Applicants must preregister successfully with Grants.gov to use the
electronic applications option. Application information may be downloaded from
Grants.gov without preregistration.

(d) Applicants who apply through Grants.gov should submit their electronic
applications before the deadline.

(e) Grants.gov contains full instructions on all required passwords,
credentialing, and software. Follow the instructions at Grants.gov for
registering and submitting an electronic application.

(f) Grants.gov has two preregistration requirements: A DUNS number and an active
registration in the SAM. See Item 1 above for instructions on obtaining a DUNS
number and registering in the SAM.
C. A Complete Application Must Meet the Following Requirements

1. To be considered for support, you must be an eligible entity and must submit
a complete application by the deadline date. You should consult the cost
principles and general administrative requirements for grants pertaining to
their organizational type in order to prepare the budget and complete other
parts of the application. You also must demonstrate compliance (or intent to
comply), through certification or other means, with a number of public policy
requirements. Applications should be prepared in conformance with the provisions
in 2 CFR parts 180, 182, and regulations applicable to USDA including 2 CFR
parts 421, and 417.

2. Applicants must complete and submit the following forms to apply for a RFP
grant:

(a) Standard Form 424, "Application for Federal Assistance."

(b) Standard Form 424A, "Budget Information--Non-Construction Programs."

(c) Standard Form 424B, "Assurances--Non-Construction Programs."

(d) Standard Form LLL, "Disclosure of Lobbying Activity."

(e) Form RD 400-1, "Equal Opportunity Agreement."

(f) Form RD 400-4, "Assurance Agreement (Under Title VI, Civil Rights Act of
1964).

3. The project proposal should outline the project in sufficient detail to
provide a reader with a complete understanding of how the loan program will
work. Explain what you will accomplish by lending funds to eligible entities.
Demonstrate the feasibility of the proposed loan program in meeting the
objectives of this grant program. The proposal should cover the following
elements:

(a) Present a brief project overview. Explain the purpose of the project, how it
relates to RUS's purposes, how you will carry out the project, what the project
will produce, and who will direct it.

(b) Describe why the project is necessary. Demonstrate that eligible entities
need loan funds. Quantify the number of prospective borrowers or provide
statistical or narrative evidence that a sufficient number of borrowers will
exist to justify the grant award. Describe the service area. Address community
needs.

(c) Clearly state your project goals. Your objectives should clearly describe
the goals and be concrete and specific enough to be quantitative or observable.
They should also be feasible and relate to the purpose of the loan program.

(d) The narrative should cover in more detail the items briefly described in the
Project Summary. It should establish the basis for any claims that you have
substantial expertise in promoting the safe and productive use of revolving
funds. In describing what the project will achieve, you should tell the reader
if it also will have broader influence. The narrative should address the
following points:

(1) Document your ability to administer and service a revolving fund in
accordance with the provisions of 7 CFR part 1783.

(2) Document your ability to commit financial resources to establish the RFP
with funds your organization controls. This documentation should describe the
sources of funds other than the RFP grant that will be used to pay your
operational costs and provide financial assistance for projects.

(3) Demonstrate that you have secured commitments of significant financial
support from other funding sources, if appropriate.

(4) List the fees and charges that borrowers will be assessed.

(e) The work plan must describe the tasks and activities that will be
accomplished with available resources during the grant period. It must show the
work you plan to do to achieve the anticipated outcomes, goals, and objectives
set out for the RFP. The plan must:

(1) Describe the work to be performed by each person.

(2) Give a schedule or timetable of work to be done.

(3) Show evidence of previous experience with the techniques to be used or their
successful use by others.

(4) Outline the loan program to include the following: specific loan purposes, a
loan application process, priorities, borrower eligibility criteria,
limitations, fees, interest rates, terms, and collateral requirements.

(5) Provide a marketing plan.

(6) Explain the mechanics of how you will transfer loan funds to the borrowers.

(7) Describe follow-up or continuing activities that should occur after project
completion such as monitoring and reporting borrowers' accomplishments.

(8) Describe how the results will be evaluated. The evaluation criteria should
be in line with the project objectives.

(9) List all personnel responsible for administering this program along with a
statement of their qualifications and experience.

(f) The written justification for projected costs should explain how budget
figures were determined for each category. It should indicate which costs are to
be covered by grant funds and which costs will be met by your organization or
other organizations. The justification should account for all expenditures
discussed in the narrative. It should reflect appropriate cost-sharing
contributions. The budget justification should explain the budget and accounting
system proposed or in place. The administrative costs for operating the budget
should be expressed as a percentage of the overall budget. The budget
justification should provide specific budget figures, rounding off figures to
the nearest dollar. Applicants should consult OMB Circular A-122: "Cost
Principles for Non-Profit Organizations" or any successor guidance for
information about appropriate costs for each budget category.

(g) In addition to completing the standard application forms, you must submit:

(1) Supplementary material that demonstrate that your organization is legally
recognized under state or Tribal and Federal law. Satisfactory documentation
includes, but is not limited to, certificates from the Secretary of State, or
copies of state statutes or laws establishing your organization. Letters from
the IRS awarding tax-exempt status are not considered adequate evidence.

(2) A certified list of directors and officers with their respective terms.

(3) Evidence of tax exempt status from the IRS.

(4) Debarment and suspension information is required in accordance with 2 CFR
part 417 (Nonprocurement Debarment and Suspension) supplemented by 2 CFR part
180, if it applies. The section heading is "What information must I provide
before entering into a covered transaction with the Federal Government?" located
at 2 CFR 180.335. It is part of OMB's Guidance for Grants and Agreements
concerning Government-wide Debarment and Suspension.

(5) All of your organization's known workplaces by including the actual address
of buildings (or parts of buildings) or other sites where work under the award
takes place. Workplace identification is required under the drug-free workplace
requirements in subpart B of 2 CFR part 421, which adopts the Governmentwide
implementation (2 CFR part 182) of the Drug-Free Workplace Act.

(6) The most recent audit of your organization.

(7) The following financial statements:

i. A pro forma balance sheet at start-up and for at least three additional
years; Balance sheets, income statements, and cash flow statements for the last
three years.

ii. If your organization has been formed less than three years, the financial
statements should be submitted for the periods from inception to the present.
Projected income and cash flow statements for at least three years supported by
a list of assumptions showing the basis for the projections. The projected
income statement and balance sheet must include one set of projections that
shows the revolving loan fund only and a separate set of projections that shows
your organization's total operations.

(8) Additional information to support and describe your plan for achieving the
grant objectives. The information may be regarded as essential for understanding
and evaluating the project and may be found in letters of support, as
resolutions, policies, and other relevant documents. The supplements may be
presented in appendices to the proposal.
V. Application Review Information

A. Within 30 days of receiving your application, RUS will send you a letter of
acknowledgment. Your application will be reviewed for completeness to determine
if you included all of the items required. If your application is incomplete or
ineligible, RUS will return it to you with an explanation.

B. A review team, composed of at least two RUS staff members, will evaluate all
applications and proposals. They will make overall recommendations based on
factors such as eligibility, application completeness, and conformity to
application requirements. They will score the applications based on criteria in
the next section.

C. All applications that are complete and eligible will be ranked competitively
based on the following scoring criteria:

1. Degree of expertise and successful experience in making and servicing
commercial loans, with a successful record, for the following number of full
years:

(a) At least 1 but less than 3 years--5 points.

(b) At least 3 but less than 5 years--10 points.

(c) At least 5 but less than 10 years--20 points.

(d) 10 or more years--30 points.

2. Extent to which the work plan demonstrates a well thought out, comprehensive
approach to accomplishing the objectives of this part, clearly defines who will
be served by the project, clearly articulates the problem/issues to be
addressed, identifies the service area to be covered by the RFP loans and
appears likely to be sustainable; up to 40 points

3. Percentage of applicant contributions. Points allowed under this paragraph
will be based on written evidence of the availability of funds from sources
other than the proceeds of an RFP grant to pay part of the cost of a loan
recipient's project. In-kind contributions will not be considered. Funds from
other sources as a percentage of the RFP grant and pointscorresponding to such
percentages are as follows:

(a) Less than 20 percent--ineligible.

(b) At least 20 percent but less than 50 percent--10 points.

(c) 50 percent or more--20 points.

4. Extent to which the goals and objectives are clearly defined, tied to the
work plan, and are measurable; up to 15 points.

5. Lowest ratio of projected administrative expenses to loans advanced; up to 10
points.

6. The evaluation methods for considering loan applications and making RFP loans
are specific to the program, clearly defined, measurable, and are consistent
with program outcomes; up to 20 points.

7. Administrator's discretion points may be awarded based on the following:

(a) Directs loans to the smallest communities with the lowest incomes
emphasizing areas where according to the American Community Survey data by
census tracts show that at least 20 percent of the population is living in
poverty. This emphasis will support Rural Development's goal of providing 20
percent of its funding by 2016 to these areas of need.

(b) Directs loans to areas which lack running water, flush toilets, and modern
sewage disposal systems, and areas which have open sewers and high rates of
disease caused by poor sanitation, in particular, colonias or Substantially
Underserved Trust Areas.

(c) Directs loans that emphasize energy and water efficient components to reduce
costs and increase sustainability of rural systems; up to 10 points.
VI. Award Administration Information

A. RUS will rank all qualifying applications by their final score. Applications
will be selected for funding, based on the highest scores and the availability
of funding for RFP grants. Each applicant will be notified in writing of the
score its application receives.

B. In making its decision about your application, RUS may determine that your
application is:

1. Eligible and selected for funding,

2. Eligible but offered fewer funds than requested,

3. Eligible but not selected for funding, or

4. Ineligible for the grant.

C. In accordance with 7 CFR part 1900, subpart B, you generally have the right
to appeal adverse decisions under 7 CFR part 11. Some adverse decisions cannot
be appealed. For example, if you are denied RUS funding due to a lack of funds
available for the grant program, this decision cannot be appealed. However, you
may make a request to the National Appeals Division (NAD) to review the accuracy
of our finding that the decision cannot be appealed. The appeal must be in
writing and filed at the appropriate Regional Office, which can be found at
http://www.nad.usda.gov/ or by calling (703) 305-1166.

D. Applicants selected for funding will complete a grant agreement, which
outlines the terms and conditions of the grant award.

E. Grantees will be reimbursed as follows:

1. SF-270, "Request for Advance or Reimbursement," will be completed by the
grantee in accordance with 7 CFR part 3000 or any successor regulations.

2. Upon receipt of a properly completed SF-270, the funds will be requested
through the field office terminal system. Ordinarily, payment will be made
within 30 days after receipt of a proper request for reimbursement.

3. Grantees are encouraged to use women- and minority-owned banks (a bank which
is owned at least 50 percent by women or minority group members) for the deposit
and disbursement of funds.

F. Any change in the scope of the project, budget adjustments of more than 10
percent of the total budget, or any other significant change in the project must
be reported to and approved by the approval official by written amendment to the
grant agreement. Any change not approved may be cause for termination of the
grant.

G. Grantees shall constantly monitor performance to ensure that time schedules
are being met, projected work by time periods is being accomplished, and other
performance objectives are being achieved. The Grantee will provide project
reports as follows:

1. SF-425, "Financial Status Report (short form)," and a project performance
activity report will be required of all grantees on a quarterly basis, due 30
days after the end of each quarter.

2. A final project performance report will be required with the last SF-425 due
90 days after the end of the last quarter in which the project is completed. The
final report may serve as the last quarterly report.

3. All multi-State grantees are to submit an original of each report to the
National Office. Grantees serving only one State are to submit an original of
each report to the State Office. The project performance reports should detail,
preferably in a narrative format, activities that have transpired for the
specific time period.

H. The grantee will provide an audit report or financial statements as follows:

1. Grantees expending $500,000 or more Federal funds per fiscal year will submit
an audit conducted in accordance 7 CFR part 3052 or any successor regulation
with OMB Circular A-133 or any successor guidance from OMB. The audit will be
submitted within 9 months after the grantee's fiscal year. Additional audits may
be required if the project period covers more than one fiscal year.

2. Grantees expending less than $500,000 will provide annual financial
statements covering the grant period, consisting of the organization's statement
of income and expense and balance sheet signed by an appropriate official of the
organization. Financial statements will be submitted within 90 days after the
grantee's fiscal year.

3. Recipient and Subrecipient Reporting.

The applicant must have the necessary processes and systems in place to comply
with the reporting requirements for first-tier sub-awards and executive
compensation under the Federal Funding Accountability and Transparency Act of
2006 in the event the applicant receives funding unless such applicant is exempt
from such reporting requirements pursuant to 2 CFR part 170, § 170.110(b). The
reporting requirements under the Transparency Act pursuant to 2 CFR part 170 are
as follows:

(a) First Tier Sub-Awards of $25,000 or more in non-Recovery Act funds (unless
they are exempt under 2 CFR part 170) must be reported by the Recipient to
http://www.fsrs.gov no later than the end of the month following the month the
obligation was made. Please note that currently underway is a consolidation of
eight federal procurement systems, including the Sub-award Reporting System
(FSRS), into one system, the System for Award Management (SAM). As result the
FSRS will soon be consolidated into and accessed through
https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/.

(b) The Total Compensation of the Recipient's Executives (5 most highly
compensated executives) must be reported by the Recipient (if the Recipient
meets the criteria under 2 CFR part 170) to
https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/ by the end of the month following the
month in which the award was made.

(c) The Total Compensation of the Subrecipient's Executives (5 most highly
compensated executives) must be reported by the Subrecipient (if theSubrecipient
meets the criteria under 2 CFR part 170) to the Recipient by the end of the
month following the month in which the subaward was made.
VII. Agency Contacts

A. Web site: http://www.usda.gov/rus/water. The Rural Utilities Service Web site
maintains up-to-date resources and contact information for the RFP.

B. Phone: 202-720-9589.

C. Fax: 202-690-0649.

D. Email: Joyce M.Taylor@wdc.usda.gov

E. Main point of contact: Joyce M. Taylor, Community Programs Specialist, Water
and Environmental Programs, Water Programs Division, Rural Utilities Service,
U.S. Department of Agriculture.
VIII. Non-Discrimination Statement
USDA Non-Discrimination Statement

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) prohibits discrimination against its
customers, employees, and applicants for employment on the bases of race, color,
national origin, age, disability, sex, gender identity, religion, reprisal, and
where applicable, political beliefs, marital status, familial or parental
status, sexual orientation, or all or part of an individual's income is derived
from any public assistance program, or protected genetic information in
employment or in any program or activity conducted or funded by the Department.
(Not all prohibited bases will apply to all programs and/or employment
activities.)
How To File a Complaint

If you wish to file an employment complaint, you must contact your agency's EEO
Counselor within 45 days of the date of the alleged discriminatory act, event,
or in the case of a personnel action. Additional information can be found online
at http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_file.html.

If you wish to file a Civil Rights program complaint of discrimination, complete
the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint Form (PDF), found online at
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html, or at any USDA office, or
call (866) 632-9992 to request the form. You may also write a letter containing
all of the information requested in the form. Send your completed complaint form
or letter to us by mail at U.S. Department of Agriculture, Director, Office of
Adjudication, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-9410, by fax
(202) 690-7442 or email at program.intake@usda.gov
Persons With Disabilities

Individuals who are deaf, hard of hearing or have speech disabilities and you
wish to file either an EEO or program complaint please contact USDA through the
Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339 or (800) 845-6136 (in Spanish).

Persons with disabilities who wish to file a program complaint, please see
information above on how to contact us by mail directly or by email. If you
require alternative means of communication for program information (e.g.,
Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.) please contact USDA's TARGET Center at
(202) 720-2600 (voice and TDD).

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              14 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 13, 2015 Friday

Grant and Loan Application Deadlines

LENGTH: 5344  words


Washington, D.C.: This Notice document was issued by the Rural Utilities Service
(RUS)

Action

Notice of Solicitation of Applications.
Summary

The Rural Utilities Service (RUS) announces its Revolving Fund Program (RFP)
application window for Fiscal Year (FY) 2015.

The RFP is authorized under section 306(a)(2)(B) of the Consolidated Farm and
Rural Development Act (Con Act), 7 U.S.C. 1926 (a)(2)(B). Under the RFP,
qualified private, non-profit organizations may receive RFP grant funds to
establish a lending program for eligible entities. Eligible entities for the
revolving loan fund will be the same entities eligible, under paragraph 1 or 2
of Section 306(a) of the Con Act, 7 U.S.C. 1926(a)(1) or (b)(2), to obtain a
loan, loan guarantee, or grant from the RUS Water, Waste Disposal and Wastewater
loan and grant programs.

This year administrative discretion points may be awarded for work plans that:
Direct loans to the smallest communities with the lowest incomes emphasizing
areas where according to the American Community Survey data by census tracts
show that at least 20 percent of the population is living in poverty. This
emphasis will support Rural Development's goal of providing 20 percent of its
funding by 2016 to these areas of need;

Direct loans to areas that lack running water, flush toilets, and modern sewage
disposal systems, and areas which have open sewers and high rates of disease
caused by poor sanitation, in particular, colonias or Substantially Underserved
Trust Areas; and

Direct loans that emphasize energy and water efficient components to reduce
costs and increase sustainability of rural systems.

RUS will publish on its Web site at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/UWP-revolvingfund.html the amount offunding received
in the FY2015 Appropriations Act, if any.
Dates

You may submit completed applications for grants on paper or electronically
according to the following deadlines:

Paper copies must be postmarked and mailed, shipped, or sent overnight no later
than April 13, 2015 to be eligible for FY2015 grant funding. Late or incomplete
applications will not be eligible for FY2015 grant funding.
    Electronic copies must be received by April 13, 2015 to be eligible for
FY2015 grant funding. Late or incomplete applications will not be eligible for
FY2015 grant funding.

Addresses

You may obtain application guides and materials for the RFP program at the Water
and Environmental Programs (WEP) Web site:
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/UWP-revolvingfund.html. You may also request
application guides and materials by contacting Joyce M. Taylor at (202)
720-0499.

Submit completed paper applications for RFP grants to the Rural Utilities
Service, U.S. Department of Agriculture, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Room
2233, STOP 1570, Washington, DC 20250-1570. Applications should be marked
Attention: Joyce M. Taylor, Water and Environmental Programs.

Submit electronic grant applications at http://www.grants.gov (Grants.gov) and
follow the instructions you find on that Web site.
For Further Information Contact

Joyce M. Taylor, Community Programs Specialist, Water Programs Division, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, Rural Utilities Service, STOP 1570, Room 2233-S, 1400
Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-1570; Telephone: (202) 720-0499:
Fax: (202) 690-0649.
Supplementary Information
Overview

Federal Agency: Rural Utilities Service (RUS).

Funding Opportunity Title: Grant Program to Establish a Fund for Financing Water
and Wastewater Projects (Revolving Fund Program (RFP)).

Announcement Type: Solicitation of Applications.

Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance (CFDA) Number: 10.864.

Due Date for Applications: Applications must be mailed, shipped or submitted
electronically through Grants.gov no later than April 13, 2015 to be eligible
for FY2015 grant funding.
Items in Supplementary Information

I. Funding Opportunity: Brief introduction to the RFP.

II. Award Information: To be determined.

III. Eligibility Information: Who is eligible, what kinds of projects are
eligible, what criteria determine basic eligibility.

IV. Application and Submission Information: Where to get application materials,
what constitutes a completed application, how and where to submit applications,
deadlines, items that are eligible.

V. Application Review Information: Considerations and preferences, scoring
criteria, review standards, selection information.

VI. Award Administration Information: Award notice information, award recipient
reporting requirements.

VII. Agency Contacts: Web, phone, fax, email, contact name.

VIII. Non-Discrimination Statement.
I. Funding Opportunity

Drinking water systems are basic and vital to both health and economic
development. With dependable water facilities, rural communities can attract
families and businesses that will invest in the community and improve the
quality of life for all residents. Without dependable water facilities, the
communities cannot sustain economic development.

RUS provides financial and technical assistance to help communities bring safe
drinking water and sanitary, environmentally sound waste disposal facilities to
rural Americans. It supports the sound development of rural communities and the
growth of our economy without endangering the environment.

The Revolving Fund Program (RFP) has been established under 7 CFR part 1783 to
assist communities with water or wastewater systems. Qualified private,
non-profit organizations, who are selected for funding, will receive RFP grant
funds to establish a lending program for eligible entities. Eligible entities
for the revolving loan fund will be the same entities eligible to obtain a loan,
loan guarantee, or grant from the Water and Waste Disposal loan and grant
programs administered by RUS, under 7 U.S.C.1926(a)(1) and (2). As grant
recipients, the non-profit organizations will set up a revolving loan fund to
provide loans to finance predevelopment costs of water or wastewater projects,
or short-term small capital projects not part of the regular operation and
maintenance of current water and wastewater systems. The amount of financing to
an eligible entity shall not exceed $100,000.00 and shall be repaid in a term
not to exceed 10 years. The rate shall be determined in the approved grant work
plan.
II. Award Information

Available funds: To be determined. This Notice is being issued prior to passage
of an FY2015 Appropriations Act, which may or may not provide an appropriation
for this program, in order to allow applicants sufficient time to prepare and
submit applications and to provide the Agency time to process the applications
in a timely fashion. Successful applications will be selected by RUS for funding
and subsequently awarded to the extent that funding may ultimately be made
available to RUS through appropriations. RUS will publish on its Web site the
amount of funding received in the final FY2015 Appropriations Act, if any.
III. Eligibility Information
A. Who is eligible to apply?

An applicant is eligible to apply for the RFP grant if it:

1. Is a private, non-profit organization;

2. Is legally established and located within one of the following:

(a) A state within the United States;

(b) The District of Columbia;

(c) The Commonwealth of Puerto Rico; or

(d) A United States territory;

3. Has the legal capacity and authority to carry out the grant purpose;

4. Has a proven record of successfully operating a revolving loan fund to rural
areas;

5. Has capitalization acceptable to the Agency, and is composed of at least 51
percent of the outstanding interest or membership being citizens of the United
States or individuals who reside in the United States after being legally
admitted for permanent residence;

6. Has no delinquent debt to the Federal Government or no outstanding judgments
to repay a Federal debt;

7. Demonstrates that it possesses the financial, technical, and managerial
capability to comply with Federal and State laws and requirements; and

8. Is not a corporation that has been convicted of a felony (or had an officer
or agent acting on behalf of the corporation convicted of a felony) within the
past 24 months. Any Corporation that has any unpaid federal tax liability that
has been assessed, for which all judicial and administrative remedies have been
exhausted or have lapsed, and that is not being paid in a timely manner pursuant
to an agreement with the authority responsible for collecting the tax liability
is not eligible.
B. What are the basic eligibility requirements for a project?

1. The following activities are authorized under the RFP statute:

(a) Grant funds must be used to capitalize a revolving fund program for the
purpose of providing direct loan financing to eligible entities for
pre-development costs associated with proposed or with existing water and
wastewater systems, or,

(b) Short-term costs incurred for equipment replacement, small-scale extension
of services, or other small capital projects that are not part of the regular
operations and maintenance activities of existing water and wastewater systems.

2. Grant funds may not be used to pay any of the following:

(a) Payment of the Grant Recipient's administrative costs or expenses, or,

(b) Delinquent debt owed to the Federal Government.
IV. Application and Submission Information
A. The Grant Application Guide, Copies of Necessary Forms and Samples, and the
RFP Regulation Are Available From These Sources

1. The Internet: http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/UWP-revolvingfund.html or
http://www.grants.gov.

2. For paper copies of these materials, you may call (202) 720-9589.
B. You May File an Application in Either Paper or Electronic Format

Whether you file a paper or an electronic application, you will need a DUNS
number.

1. DUNS Number.

The applicant for a grant must supply a Dun and Bradstreet Data Universal
Numbering System (DUNS) number as part of an application. The Standard Form 424
(SF-424) contains a field for the DUNS number. The applicant can obtain the DUNS
number free of charge by calling Dun and Bradstreet. Please see
http://fedgov.dnb.com/webform for more information on how to obtain a DUNS
number or how to verify your organization's number.

In accordance with 2 CFR part 25, whether applying electronically or by paper,
the applicant must register in the System for Award Management (SAM) (formerly
Central Contractor Registry, (CCR)) prior to submitting an application.
Applicants may register for the SAM at https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/.
The SAM registration must remain active with current information at all times
while RUS is considering an application or while a Federal Grant Award or loan
is active. To remain registered in the SAM database the applicant must review
and update the information in the SAM database annually from date of initial
registration or from the date of the last update. The applicant must ensure that
the information in the database is current, accurate, and complete.

2. Applications submitted by paper:

(a) Send or deliver paper applications by the U.S. Postal Service (USPS) or
courier delivery services to: Water and Environmental Programs, Rural Utilities
Service, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Attention: Joyce M. Taylor, Mail STOP
1570, Room 2233-S, Washington, DC 20250-1570.

(b) For paper applications mail or ensure delivery of an original paper
application (no stamped, photocopied, or initialed signatures) and two copies by
the deadline date. The application and any materials sent with it become Federal
records by law and cannot be returned to you.

3. Electronically submitted applications:

(a) Applications will not be accepted by fax or electronic mail.

(b) Electronic applications for grants will be accepted if submitted through
Grants.gov at http://www.grants.gov.

(c) Applicants must preregister successfully with Grants.gov to use the
electronic applications option. Application information may be downloaded from
Grants.gov without preregistration.

(d) Applicants who apply through Grants.gov should submit their electronic
applications before the deadline.

(e) Grants.gov contains full instructions on all required passwords,
credentialing, and software. Follow the instructions at Grants.gov for
registering and submitting an electronic application.

(f) Grants.gov has two preregistration requirements: A DUNS number and an active
registration in the SAM. See Item 1 above for instructions on obtaining a DUNS
number and registering in the SAM.
C. A Complete Application Must Meet the Following Requirements

1. To be considered for support, you must be an eligible entity and must submit
a complete application by the deadline date. You should consult the cost
principles and general administrative requirements for grants pertaining to
their organizational type in order to prepare the budget and complete other
parts of the application. You also must demonstrate compliance (or intent to
comply), through certification or other means, with a number of public policy
requirements. Applications should be prepared in conformance with the provisions
in 2 CFR parts 180, 182, and regulations applicable to USDA including 2 CFR
parts 421, and 417.

2. Applicants must complete and submit the following forms to apply for a RFP
grant:

(a) Standard Form 424, "Application for Federal Assistance."

(b) Standard Form 424A, "Budget Information--Non-Construction Programs."

(c) Standard Form 424B, "Assurances--Non-Construction Programs."

(d) Standard Form LLL, "Disclosure of Lobbying Activity."

(e) Form RD 400-1, "Equal Opportunity Agreement."

(f) Form RD 400-4, "Assurance Agreement (Under Title VI, Civil Rights Act of
1964).

3. The project proposal should outline the project in sufficient detail to
provide a reader with a complete understanding of how the loan program will
work. Explain what you will accomplish by lending funds to eligible entities.
Demonstrate the feasibility of the proposed loan program in meeting the
objectives of this grant program. The proposal should cover the following
elements:

(a) Present a brief project overview. Explain the purpose of the project, how it
relates to RUS's purposes, how you will carry out the project, what the project
will produce, and who will direct it.

(b) Describe why the project is necessary. Demonstrate that eligible entities
need loan funds. Quantify the number of prospective borrowers or provide
statistical or narrative evidence that a sufficient number of borrowers will
exist to justify the grant award. Describe the service area. Address community
needs.

(c) Clearly state your project goals. Your objectives should clearly describe
the goals and be concrete and specific enough to be quantitative or observable.
They should also be feasible and relate to the purpose of the loan program.

(d) The narrative should cover in more detail the items briefly described in the
Project Summary. It should establish the basis for any claims that you have
substantial expertise in promoting the safe and productive use of revolving
funds. In describing what the project will achieve, you should tell the reader
if it also will have broader influence. The narrative should address the
following points:

(1) Document your ability to administer and service a revolving fund in
accordance with the provisions of 7 CFR part 1783.

(2) Document your ability to commit financial resources to establish the RFP
with funds your organization controls. This documentation should describe the
sources of funds other than the RFP grant that will be used to pay your
operational costs and provide financial assistance for projects.

(3) Demonstrate that you have secured commitments of significant financial
support from other funding sources, if appropriate.

(4) List the fees and charges that borrowers will be assessed.

(e) The work plan must describe the tasks and activities that will be
accomplished with available resources during the grant period. It must show the
work you plan to do to achieve the anticipated outcomes, goals, and objectives
set out for the RFP. The plan must:

(1) Describe the work to be performed by each person.

(2) Give a schedule or timetable of work to be done.

(3) Show evidence of previous experience with the techniques to be used or their
successful use by others.

(4) Outline the loan program to include the following: specific loan purposes, a
loan application process, priorities, borrower eligibility criteria,
limitations, fees, interest rates, terms, and collateral requirements.

(5) Provide a marketing plan.

(6) Explain the mechanics of how you will transfer loan funds to the borrowers.

(7) Describe follow-up or continuing activities that should occur after project
completion such as monitoring and reporting borrowers' accomplishments.

(8) Describe how the results will be evaluated. The evaluation criteria should
be in line with the project objectives.

(9) List all personnel responsible for administering this program along with a
statement of their qualifications and experience.

(f) The written justification for projected costs should explain how budget
figures were determined for each category. It should indicate which costs are to
be covered by grant funds and which costs will be met by your organization or
other organizations. The justification should account for all expenditures
discussed in the narrative. It should reflect appropriate cost-sharing
contributions. The budget justification should explain the budget and accounting
system proposed or in place. The administrative costs for operating the budget
should be expressed as a percentage of the overall budget. The budget
justification should provide specific budget figures, rounding off figures to
the nearest dollar. Applicants should consult OMB Circular A-122: "Cost
Principles for Non-Profit Organizations" or any successor guidance for
information about appropriate costs for each budget category.

(g) In addition to completing the standard application forms, you must submit:

(1) Supplementary material that demonstrate that your organization is legally
recognized under state or Tribal and Federal law. Satisfactory documentation
includes, but is not limited to, certificates from the Secretary of State, or
copies of state statutes or laws establishing your organization. Letters from
the IRS awarding tax-exempt status are not considered adequate evidence.

(2) A certified list of directors and officers with their respective terms.

(3) Evidence of tax exempt status from the IRS.

(4) Debarment and suspension information is required in accordance with 2 CFR
part 417 (Nonprocurement Debarment and Suspension) supplemented by 2 CFR part
180, if it applies. The section heading is "What information must I provide
before entering into a covered transaction with the Federal Government?" located
at 2 CFR 180.335. It is part of OMB's Guidance for Grants and Agreements
concerning Government-wide Debarment and Suspension.

(5) All of your organization's known workplaces by including the actual address
of buildings (or parts of buildings) or other sites where work under the award
takes place. Workplace identification is required under the drug-free workplace
requirements in subpart B of 2 CFR part 421, which adopts the Governmentwide
implementation (2 CFR part 182) of the Drug-Free Workplace Act.

(6) The most recent audit of your organization.

(7) The following financial statements:

i. A pro forma balance sheet at start-up and for at least three additional
years; Balance sheets, income statements, and cash flow statements for the last
three years.

ii. If your organization has been formed less than three years, the financial
statements should be submitted for the periods from inception to the present.
Projected income and cash flow statements for at least three years supported by
a list of assumptions showing the basis for the projections. The projected
income statement and balance sheet must include one set of projections that
shows the revolving loan fund only and a separate set of projections that shows
your organization's total operations.

(8) Additional information to support and describe your plan for achieving the
grant objectives. The information may be regarded as essential for understanding
and evaluating the project and may be found in letters of support, as
resolutions, policies, and other relevant documents. The supplements may be
presented in appendices to the proposal.
V. Application Review Information

A. Within 30 days of receiving your application, RUS will send you a letter of
acknowledgment. Your application will be reviewed for completeness to determine
if you included all of the items required. If your application is incomplete or
ineligible, RUS will return it to you with an explanation.

B. A review team, composed of at least two RUS staff members, will evaluate all
applications and proposals. They will make overall recommendations based on
factors such as eligibility, application completeness, and conformity to
application requirements. They will score the applications based on criteria in
the next section.

C. All applications that are complete and eligible will be ranked competitively
based on the following scoring criteria:

1. Degree of expertise and successful experience in making and servicing
commercial loans, with a successful record, for the following number of full
years:

(a) At least 1 but less than 3 years--5 points.

(b) At least 3 but less than 5 years--10 points.

(c) At least 5 but less than 10 years--20 points.

(d) 10 or more years--30 points.

2. Extent to which the work plan demonstrates a well thought out, comprehensive
approach to accomplishing the objectives of this part, clearly defines who will
be served by the project, clearly articulates the problem/issues to be
addressed, identifies the service area to be covered by the RFP loans and
appears likely to be sustainable; up to 40 points

3. Percentage of applicant contributions. Points allowed under this paragraph
will be based on written evidence of the availability of funds from sources
other than the proceeds of an RFP grant to pay part of the cost of a loan
recipient's project. In-kind contributions will not be considered. Funds from
other sources as a percentage of the RFP grant and pointscorresponding to such
percentages are as follows:

(a) Less than 20 percent--ineligible.

(b) At least 20 percent but less than 50 percent--10 points.

(c) 50 percent or more--20 points.

4. Extent to which the goals and objectives are clearly defined, tied to the
work plan, and are measurable; up to 15 points.

5. Lowest ratio of projected administrative expenses to loans advanced; up to 10
points.

6. The evaluation methods for considering loan applications and making RFP loans
are specific to the program, clearly defined, measurable, and are consistent
with program outcomes; up to 20 points.

7. Administrator's discretion points may be awarded based on the following:

(a) Directs loans to the smallest communities with the lowest incomes
emphasizing areas where according to the American Community Survey data by
census tracts show that at least 20 percent of the population is living in
poverty. This emphasis will support Rural Development's goal of providing 20
percent of its funding by 2016 to these areas of need.

(b) Directs loans to areas which lack running water, flush toilets, and modern
sewage disposal systems, and areas which have open sewers and high rates of
disease caused by poor sanitation, in particular, colonias or Substantially
Underserved Trust Areas.

(c) Directs loans that emphasize energy and water efficient components to reduce
costs and increase sustainability of rural systems; up to 10 points.
VI. Award Administration Information

A. RUS will rank all qualifying applications by their final score. Applications
will be selected for funding, based on the highest scores and the availability
of funding for RFP grants. Each applicant will be notified in writing of the
score its application receives.

B. In making its decision about your application, RUS may determine that your
application is:

1. Eligible and selected for funding,

2. Eligible but offered fewer funds than requested,

3. Eligible but not selected for funding, or

4. Ineligible for the grant.

C. In accordance with 7 CFR part 1900, subpart B, you generally have the right
to appeal adverse decisions under 7 CFR part 11. Some adverse decisions cannot
be appealed. For example, if you are denied RUS funding due to a lack of funds
available for the grant program, this decision cannot be appealed. However, you
may make a request to the National Appeals Division (NAD) to review the accuracy
of our finding that the decision cannot be appealed. The appeal must be in
writing and filed at the appropriate Regional Office, which can be found at
http://www.nad.usda.gov/ or by calling (703) 305-1166.

D. Applicants selected for funding will complete a grant agreement, which
outlines the terms and conditions of the grant award.

E. Grantees will be reimbursed as follows:

1. SF-270, "Request for Advance or Reimbursement," will be completed by the
grantee in accordance with 7 CFR part 3000 or any successor regulations.

2. Upon receipt of a properly completed SF-270, the funds will be requested
through the field office terminal system. Ordinarily, payment will be made
within 30 days after receipt of a proper request for reimbursement.

3. Grantees are encouraged to use women- and minority-owned banks (a bank which
is owned at least 50 percent by women or minority group members) for the deposit
and disbursement of funds.

F. Any change in the scope of the project, budget adjustments of more than 10
percent of the total budget, or any other significant change in the project must
be reported to and approved by the approval official by written amendment to the
grant agreement. Any change not approved may be cause for termination of the
grant.

G. Grantees shall constantly monitor performance to ensure that time schedules
are being met, projected work by time periods is being accomplished, and other
performance objectives are being achieved. The Grantee will provide project
reports as follows:

1. SF-425, "Financial Status Report (short form)," and a project performance
activity report will be required of all grantees on a quarterly basis, due 30
days after the end of each quarter.

2. A final project performance report will be required with the last SF-425 due
90 days after the end of the last quarter in which the project is completed. The
final report may serve as the last quarterly report.

3. All multi-State grantees are to submit an original of each report to the
National Office. Grantees serving only one State are to submit an original of
each report to the State Office. The project performance reports should detail,
preferably in a narrative format, activities that have transpired for the
specific time period.

H. The grantee will provide an audit report or financial statements as follows:

1. Grantees expending $500,000 or more Federal funds per fiscal year will submit
an audit conducted in accordance 7 CFR part 3052 or any successor regulation
with OMB Circular A-133 or any successor guidance from OMB. The audit will be
submitted within 9 months after the grantee's fiscal year. Additional audits may
be required if the project period covers more than one fiscal year.

2. Grantees expending less than $500,000 will provide annual financial
statements covering the grant period, consisting of the organization's statement
of income and expense and balance sheet signed by an appropriate official of the
organization. Financial statements will be submitted within 90 days after the
grantee's fiscal year.

3. Recipient and Subrecipient Reporting.

The applicant must have the necessary processes and systems in place to comply
with the reporting requirements for first-tier sub-awards and executive
compensation under the Federal Funding Accountability and Transparency Act of
2006 in the event the applicant receives funding unless such applicant is exempt
from such reporting requirements pursuant to 2 CFR part 170, § 170.110(b). The
reporting requirements under the Transparency Act pursuant to 2 CFR part 170 are
as follows:

(a) First Tier Sub-Awards of $25,000 or more in non-Recovery Act funds (unless
they are exempt under 2 CFR part 170) must be reported by the Recipient to
http://www.fsrs.gov no later than the end of the month following the month the
obligation was made. Please note that currently underway is a consolidation of
eight federal procurement systems, including the Sub-award Reporting System
(FSRS), into one system, the System for Award Management (SAM). As result the
FSRS will soon be consolidated into and accessed through
https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/.

(b) The Total Compensation of the Recipient's Executives (5 most highly
compensated executives) must be reported by the Recipient (if the Recipient
meets the criteria under 2 CFR part 170) to
https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/ by the end of the month following the
month in which the award was made.

(c) The Total Compensation of the Subrecipient's Executives (5 most highly
compensated executives) must be reported by the Subrecipient (if theSubrecipient
meets the criteria under 2 CFR part 170) to the Recipient by the end of the
month following the month in which the subaward was made.
VII. Agency Contacts

A. Web site: http://www.usda.gov/rus/water. The Rural Utilities Service Web site
maintains up-to-date resources and contact information for the RFP.

B. Phone: 202-720-9589.

C. Fax: 202-690-0649.

D. Email: Joyce M.Taylor@wdc.usda.gov

E. Main point of contact: Joyce M. Taylor, Community Programs Specialist, Water
and Environmental Programs, Water Programs Division, Rural Utilities Service,
U.S. Department of Agriculture.
VIII. Non-Discrimination Statement
USDA Non-Discrimination Statement

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) prohibits discrimination against its
customers, employees, and applicants for employment on the bases of race, color,
national origin, age, disability, sex, gender identity, religion, reprisal, and
where applicable, political beliefs, marital status, familial or parental
status, sexual orientation, or all or part of an individual's income is derived
from any public assistance program, or protected genetic information in
employment or in any program or activity conducted or funded by the Department.
(Not all prohibited bases will apply to all programs and/or employment
activities.)
How To File a Complaint

If you wish to file an employment complaint, you must contact your agency's EEO
Counselor within 45 days of the date of the alleged discriminatory act, event,
or in the case of a personnel action. Additional information can be found online
at http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_file.html.

If you wish to file a Civil Rights program complaint of discrimination, complete
the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint Form (PDF), found online at
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html, or at any USDA office, or
call (866) 632-9992 to request the form. You may also write a letter containing
all of the information requested in the form. Send your completed complaint form
or letter to us by mail at U.S. Department of Agriculture, Director, Office of
Adjudication, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-9410, by fax
(202) 690-7442 or email at program.intake@usda.gov
Persons With Disabilities

Individuals who are deaf, hard of hearing or have speech disabilities and you
wish to file either an EEO or program complaint please contact USDA through the
Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339 or (800) 845-6136 (in Spanish).

Persons with disabilities who wish to file a program complaint, please see
information above on how to contact us by mail directly or by email. If you
require alternative means of communication for program information (e.g.,
Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.) please contact USDA's TARGET Center at
(202) 720-2600 (voice and TDD).
Dated: January 6, 2015.
Jasper Schneider,
Acting Administrator, Rural Utilities Service.
[FR Doc. 2015-02702 Filed 2-11-15; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE 3410-15-P

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              15 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 12, 2015 Thursday

Announcement of Grant and Loan Application Deadlines

LENGTH: 5512  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Federal Register, Government of USA has issued the following news
release:


Action

Notice Of Solicitation Of Applications.
Summary

The Rural Utilities Service (RUS) announces its Revolving Fund Program (RFP)
application window for Fiscal Year (FY) 2015.

The RFP is authorized under section 306(a)(2)(B) of the Consolidated Farm and
Rural Development Act (Con Act), 7 U.S.C. 1926 (a)(2)(B). Under the RFP,
qualified private, non-profit organizations may receive RFP grant funds to
establish a lending program for eligible entities. Eligible entities for the
revolving loan fund will be the same entities eligible, under paragraph 1 or 2
of Section 306(a) of the Con Act, 7 U.S.C. 1926(a)(1) or (b)(2), to obtain a
loan, loan guarantee, or grant from the RUS Water, Waste Disposal and Wastewater
loan and grant programs.

This year administrative discretion points may be awarded for work plans that:
Direct loans to the smallest communities with the lowest incomes emphasizing
areas where according to the American Community Survey data by census tracts
show that at least 20 percent of the population is living in poverty. This
emphasis will support Rural Development's goal of providing 20 percent of its
funding by 2016 to these areas of need;

Direct loans to areas that lack running water, flush toilets, and modern sewage
disposal systems, and areas which have open sewers and high rates of disease
caused by poor sanitation, in particular, colonias or Substantially Underserved
Trust Areas; and

Direct loans that emphasize energy and water efficient components to reduce
costs and increase sustainability of rural systems.

RUS will publish on its Web site at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/UWP-revolvingfund.html the amount of funding received
in the FY2015 Appropriations Act, if any.

Table of Contents Back to Top

DATES:
    ADDRESSES:
    FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT:
    SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:
    Overview
    Items in Supplementary Information
    I. Funding Opportunity
    II. Award Information
    III. Eligibility Information
    A. Who is eligible to apply?
    B. What are the basic eligibility requirements for a project?
    IV. Application and Submission Information
    A. The Grant Application Guide, Copies of Necessary Forms and Samples, and
the RFP Regulation Are Available From These Sources
    B. You May File an Application in Either Paper or Electronic Format
    C. A Complete Application Must Meet the Following Requirements
    V. Application Review Information
    VI. Award Administration Information
    VII. Agency Contacts
    VIII. Non-Discrimination Statement
    USDA Non-Discrimination Statement
    How To File a Complaint
    Persons With Disabilities

DATES: Back to Top

You may submit completed applications for grants on paper or electronically
according to the following deadlines:

Paper copies must be postmarked and mailed, shipped, or sent overnight no later
than April 13, 2015 to be eligible for FY2015 grant funding. Late or incomplete
applications will not be eligible for FY2015 grant funding.
    Electronic copies must be received by April 13, 2015 to be eligible for
FY2015 grant funding. Late or incomplete applications will not be eligible for
FY2015 grant funding.

ADDRESSES: Back to Top

You may obtain application guides and materials for the RFP program at the Water
and Environmental Programs (WEP) Web site:
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/UWP-revolvingfund.html. You may also request
application guides and materials by contacting Joyce M. Taylor at (202)
720-0499.

Submit completed paper applications for RFP grants to the Rural Utilities
Service, U.S. Department of Agriculture, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Room
2233, STOP 1570, Washington, DC 20250-1570. Applications should be marked
Attention: Joyce M. Taylor, Water and Environmental Programs.

Submit electronic grant applications at http://www.grants.gov (Grants.gov) and
follow the instructions you find on that Web site.
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Back to Top

Joyce M. Taylor, Community Programs Specialist, Water Programs Division, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, Rural Utilities Service, STOP 1570, Room 2233-S, 1400
Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-1570; Telephone: (202) 720-0499:
Fax: (202) 690-0649.
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Back to Top

Overview Back to Top

Federal Agency: Rural Utilities Service (RUS).

Funding Opportunity Title: Grant Program to Establish a Fund for Financing Water
and Wastewater Projects (Revolving Fund Program (RFP)).

Announcement Type: Solicitation of Applications.

Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance (CFDA) Number: 10.864.

Due Date for Applications: Applications must be mailed, shipped or submitted
electronically through Grants.gov no later than April 13, 2015 to be eligible
for FY2015 grant funding.
Items in Supplementary Information Back to Top

I. Funding Opportunity: Brief introduction to the RFP.

II. Award Information: To be determined.

III. Eligibility Information: Who is eligible, what kinds of projects are
eligible, what criteria determine basic eligibility.

IV. Application and Submission Information: Where to get application materials,
what constitutes a completed application, how and where to submit applications,
deadlines, items that are eligible.

V. Application Review Information: Considerations and preferences, scoring
criteria, review standards, selection information.

VI. Award Administration Information: Award notice information, award recipient
reporting requirements.

VII. Agency Contacts: Web, phone, fax, email, contact name.

VIII. Non-Discrimination Statement.
I. Funding Opportunity Back to Top

Drinking water systems are basic and vital to both health and economic
development. With dependable water facilities, rural communities can attract
families and businesses that will invest in the community and improve the
quality of life for all residents. Without dependable water facilities, the
communities cannot sustain economic development.

RUS provides financial and technical assistance to help communities bring safe
drinking water and sanitary, environmentally sound waste disposal facilities to
rural Americans. It supports the sound development of rural communities and the
growth of our economy without endangering the environment.

The Revolving Fund Program (RFP) has been established under 7 CFR part 1783 to
assist communities with water or wastewater systems. Qualified private,
non-profit organizations, who are selected for funding, will receive RFP grant
funds to establish a lending program for eligible entities. Eligible entities
for the revolving loan fund will be the same entities eligible to obtain a loan,
loan guarantee, or grant from the Water and Waste Disposal loan and grant
programs administered by RUS, under 7 U.S.C.1926(a)(1) and (2). As grant
recipients, the non-profit organizations will set up a revolving loan fund to
provide loans to finance predevelopment costs of water or wastewater projects,
or short-term small capital projects not part of the regular operation and
maintenance of current water and wastewater systems. The amount of financing to
an eligible entity shall not exceed $100,000.00 and shall be repaid in a term
not to exceed 10 years. The rate shall be determined in the approved grant work
plan.
II. Award Information Back to Top

Available funds: To be determined. This Notice is being issued prior to passage
of an FY2015 Appropriations Act, which may or may not provide an appropriation
for this program, in order to allow applicants sufficient time to prepare and
submit applications and to provide the Agency time to process the applications
in a timely fashion. Successful applications will be selected by RUS for funding
and subsequently awarded to the extent that funding may ultimately be made
available to RUS through appropriations. RUS will publish on its Web site the
amount of funding received in the final FY2015 Appropriations Act, if any.
III. Eligibility Information Back to Top
A. Who is eligible to apply?

An applicant is eligible to apply for the RFP grant if it:

1. Is a private, non-profit organization;

2. Is legally established and located within one of the following:

(a) A state within the United States;

(b) The District of Columbia;

(c) The Commonwealth of Puerto Rico; or

(d) A United States territory;

3. Has the legal capacity and authority to carry out the grant purpose;

4. Has a proven record of successfully operating a revolving loan fund to rural
areas;

5. Has capitalization acceptable to the Agency, and is composed of at least 51
percent of the outstanding interest or membership being citizens of the United
States or individuals who reside in the United States after being legally
admitted for permanent residence;

6. Has no delinquent debt to the Federal Government or no outstanding judgments
to repay a Federal debt;

7. Demonstrates that it possesses the financial, technical, and managerial
capability to comply with Federal and State laws and requirements; and

8. Is not a corporation that has been convicted of a felony (or had an officer
or agent acting on behalf of the corporation convicted of a felony) within the
past 24 months. Any Corporation that has any unpaid federal tax liability that
has been assessed, for which all judicial and administrative remedies have been
exhausted or have lapsed, and that is not being paid in a timely manner pursuant
to an agreement with the authority responsible for collecting the tax liability
is not eligible.
B. What are the basic eligibility requirements for a project?

1. The following activities are authorized under the RFP statute:

(a) Grant funds must be used to capitalize a revolving fund program for the
purpose of providing direct loan financing to eligible entities for
pre-development costs associated with proposed or with existing water and
wastewater systems, or,

(b) Short-term costs incurred for equipment replacement, small-scale extension
of services, or other small capital projects that are not part of the regular
operations and maintenance activities of existing water and wastewater systems.

2. Grant funds may not be used to pay any of the following:

(a) Payment of the Grant Recipient's administrative costs or expenses, or,

(b) Delinquent debt owed to the Federal Government.
IV. Application and Submission Information Back to Top
A. The Grant Application Guide, Copies of Necessary Forms and Samples, and the
RFP Regulation Are Available From These Sources

1. The Internet: http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/UWP-revolvingfund.html or
http://www.grants.gov.

2. For paper copies of these materials, you may call (202) 720-9589.
B. You May File an Application in Either Paper or Electronic Format

Whether you file a paper or an electronic application, you will need a DUNS
number.

1. DUNS Number.

The applicant for a grant must supply a Dun and Bradstreet Data Universal
Numbering System (DUNS) number as part of an application. The Standard Form 424
(SF-424) contains a field for the DUNS number. The applicant can obtain the DUNS
number free of charge by calling Dun and Bradstreet. Please see
http://fedgov.dnb.com/webform for more information on how to obtain a DUNS
number or how to verify your organization's number.

In accordance with 2 CFR part 25, whether applying electronically or by paper,
the applicant must register in the System for Award Management (SAM) (formerly
Central Contractor Registry, (CCR)) prior to submitting an application.
Applicants may register for the SAM at https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/.
The SAM registration must remain active with current information at all times
while RUS is considering an application or while a Federal Grant Award or loan
is active. To remain registered in the SAM database the applicant must review
and update the information in the SAM database annually from date of initial
registration or from the date of the last update. The applicant must ensure that
the information in the database is current, accurate, and complete.

2. Applications submitted by paper:

(a) Send or deliver paper applications by the U.S. Postal Service (USPS) or
courier delivery services to: Water and Environmental Programs, Rural Utilities
Service, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Attention: Joyce M. Taylor, Mail STOP
1570, Room 2233-S, Washington, DC 20250-1570.

(b) For paper applications mail or ensure delivery of an original paper
application (no stamped, photocopied, or initialed signatures) and two copies by
the deadline date. The application and any materials sent with it become Federal
records by law and cannot be returned to you.

3. Electronically submitted applications:

(a) Applications will not be accepted by fax or electronic mail.

(b) Electronic applications for grants will be accepted if submitted through
Grants.gov at http://www.grants.gov.

(c) Applicants must preregister successfully with Grants.gov to use the
electronic applications option. Application information may be downloaded from
Grants.gov without preregistration.

(d) Applicants who apply through Grants.gov should submit their electronic
applications before the deadline.

(e) Grants.gov contains full instructions on all required passwords,
credentialing, and software. Follow the instructions at Grants.gov for
registering and submitting an electronic application.

(f) Grants.gov has two preregistration requirements: A DUNS number and an active
registration in the SAM. See Item 1 above for instructions on obtaining a DUNS
number and registering in the SAM.
C. A Complete Application Must Meet the Following Requirements

1. To be considered for support, you must be an eligible entity and must submit
a complete application by the deadline date. You should consult the cost
principles and general administrative requirements for grants pertaining to
their organizational type in order to prepare the budget and complete other
parts of the application. You also must demonstrate compliance (or intent to
comply), through certification or other means, with a number of public policy
requirements. Applications should be prepared in conformance with the provisions
in 2 CFR parts 180, 182, and regulations applicable to USDA including 2 CFR
parts 421, and 417.

2. Applicants must complete and submit the following forms to apply for a RFP
grant:

(a) Standard Form 424, "Application for Federal Assistance."

(b) Standard Form 424A, "Budget Information--Non-Construction Programs."

(c) Standard Form 424B, "Assurances--Non-Construction Programs."

(d) Standard Form LLL, "Disclosure of Lobbying Activity."

(e) Form RD 400-1, "Equal Opportunity Agreement."

(f) Form RD 400-4, "Assurance Agreement (Under Title VI, Civil Rights Act of
1964).

3. The project proposal should outline the project in sufficient detail to
provide a reader with a complete understanding of how the loan program will
work. Explain what you will accomplish by lending funds to eligible entities.
Demonstrate the feasibility of the proposed loan program in meeting the
objectives of this grant program. The proposal should cover the following
elements:

(a) Present a brief project overview. Explain the purpose of the project, how it
relates to RUS's purposes, how you will carry out the project, what the project
will produce, and who will direct it.

(b) Describe why the project is necessary. Demonstrate that eligible entities
need loan funds. Quantify the number of prospective borrowers or provide
statistical or narrative evidence that a sufficient number of borrowers will
exist to justify the grant award. Describe the service area. Address community
needs.

(c) Clearly state your project goals. Your objectives should clearly describe
the goals and be concrete and specific enough to be quantitative or observable.
They should also be feasible and relate to the purpose of the loan program.

(d) The narrative should cover in more detail the items briefly described in the
Project Summary. It should establish the basis for any claims that you have
substantial expertise in promoting the safe and productive use of revolving
funds. In describing what the project will achieve, you should tell the reader
if it also will have broader influence. The narrative should address the
following points:

(1) Document your ability to administer and service a revolving fund in
accordance with the provisions of 7 CFR part 1783.

(2) Document your ability to commit financial resources to establish the RFP
with funds your organization controls. This documentation should describe the
sources of funds other than the RFP grant that will be used to pay your
operational costs and provide financial assistance for projects.

(3) Demonstrate that you have secured commitments of significant financial
support from other funding sources, if appropriate.

(4) List the fees and charges that borrowers will be assessed.

(e) The work plan must describe the tasks and activities that will be
accomplished with available resources during the grant period. It must show the
work you plan to do to achieve the anticipated outcomes, goals, and objectives
set out for the RFP. The plan must:

(1) Describe the work to be performed by each person.

(2) Give a schedule or timetable of work to be done.

(3) Show evidence of previous experience with the techniques to be used or their
successful use by others.

(4) Outline the loan program to include the following: specific loan purposes, a
loan application process, priorities, borrower eligibility criteria,
limitations, fees, interest rates, terms, and collateral requirements.

(5) Provide a marketing plan.

(6) Explain the mechanics of how you will transfer loan funds to the borrowers.

(7) Describe follow-up or continuing activities that should occur after project
completion such as monitoring and reporting borrowers' accomplishments.

(8) Describe how the results will be evaluated. The evaluation criteria should
be in line with the project objectives.

(9) List all personnel responsible for administering this program along with a
statement of their qualifications and experience.

(f) The written justification for projected costs should explain how budget
figures were determined for each category. It should indicate which costs are to
be covered by grant funds and which costs will be met by your organization or
other organizations. The justification should account for all expenditures
discussed in the narrative. It should reflect appropriate cost-sharing
contributions. The budget justification should explain the budget and accounting
system proposed or in place. The administrative costs for operating the budget
should be expressed as a percentage of the overall budget. The budget
justification should provide specific budget figures, rounding off figures to
the nearest dollar. Applicants should consult OMB Circular A-122: "Cost
Principles for Non-Profit Organizations" or any successor guidance for
information about appropriate costs for each budget category.

(g) In addition to completing the standard application forms, you must submit:

(1) Supplementary material that demonstrate that your organization is legally
recognized under state or Tribal and Federal law. Satisfactory documentation
includes, but is not limited to, certificates from the Secretary of State, or
copies of state statutes or laws establishing your organization. Letters from
the IRS awarding tax-exempt status are not considered adequate evidence.

(2) A certified list of directors and officers with their respective terms.

(3) Evidence of tax exempt status from the IRS.

(4) Debarment and suspension information is required in accordance with 2 CFR
part 417 (Nonprocurement Debarment and Suspension) supplemented by 2 CFR part
180, if it applies. The section heading is "What information must I provide
before entering into a covered transaction with the Federal Government?" located
at 2 CFR 180.335. It is part of OMB's Guidance for Grants and Agreements
concerning Government-wide Debarment and Suspension.

(5) All of your organization's known workplaces by including the actual address
of buildings (or parts of buildings) or other sites where work under the award
takes place. Workplace identification is required under the drug-free workplace
requirements in subpart B of 2 CFR part 421, which adopts the Governmentwide
implementation (2 CFR part 182) of the Drug-Free Workplace Act.

(6) The most recent audit of your organization.

(7) The following financial statements:

i. A pro forma balance sheet at start-up and for at least three additional
years; Balance sheets, income statements, and cash flow statements for the last
three years.

ii. If your organization has been formed less than three years, the financial
statements should be submitted for the periods from inception to the present.
Projected income and cash flow statements for at least three years supported by
a list of assumptions showing the basis for the projections. The projected
income statement and balance sheet must include one set of projections that
shows the revolving loan fund only and a separate set of projections that shows
your organization's total operations.

(8) Additional information to support and describe your plan for achieving the
grant objectives. The information may be regarded as essential for understanding
and evaluating the project and may be found in letters of support, as
resolutions, policies, and other relevant documents. The supplements may be
presented in appendices to the proposal.
V. Application Review Information Back to Top

A. Within 30 days of receiving your application, RUS will send you a letter of
acknowledgment. Your application will be reviewed for completeness to determine
if you included all of the items required. If your application is incomplete or
ineligible, RUS will return it to you with an explanation.

B. A review team, composed of at least two RUS staff members, will evaluate all
applications and proposals. They will make overall recommendations based on
factors such as eligibility, application completeness, and conformity to
application requirements. They will score the applications based on criteria in
the next section.

C. All applications that are complete and eligible will be ranked competitively
based on the following scoring criteria:

1. Degree of expertise and successful experience in making and servicing
commercial loans, with a successful record, for the following number of full
years:

(a) At least 1 but less than 3 years--5 points.

(b) At least 3 but less than 5 years--10 points.

(c) At least 5 but less than 10 years--20 points.

(d) 10 or more years--30 points.

2. Extent to which the work plan demonstrates a well thought out, comprehensive
approach to accomplishing the objectives of this part, clearly defines who will
be served by the project, clearly articulates the problem/issues to be
addressed, identifies the service area to be covered by the RFP loans and
appears likely to be sustainable; up to 40 points

3. Percentage of applicant contributions. Points allowed under this paragraph
will be based on written evidence of the availability of funds from sources
other than the proceeds of an RFP grant to pay part of the cost of a loan
recipient's project. In-kind contributions will not be considered. Funds from
other sources as a percentage of the RFP grant and points corresponding to such
percentages are as follows:

(a) Less than 20 percent--ineligible.

(b) At least 20 percent but less than 50 percent--10 points.

(c) 50 percent or more--20 points.

4. Extent to which the goals and objectives are clearly defined, tied to the
work plan, and are measurable; up to 15 points.

5. Lowest ratio of projected administrative expenses to loans advanced; up to 10
points.

6. The evaluation methods for considering loan applications and making RFP loans
are specific to the program, clearly defined, measurable, and are consistent
with program outcomes; up to 20 points.

7. Administrator's discretion points may be awarded based on the following:

(a) Directs loans to the smallest communities with the lowest incomes
emphasizing areas where according to the American Community Survey data by
census tracts show that at least 20 percent of the population is living in
poverty. This emphasis will support Rural Development's goal of providing 20
percent of its funding by 2016 to these areas of need.

(b) Directs loans to areas which lack running water, flush toilets, and modern
sewage disposal systems, and areas which have open sewers and high rates of
disease caused by poor sanitation, in particular, colonias or Substantially
Underserved Trust Areas.

(c) Directs loans that emphasize energy and water efficient components to reduce
costs and increase sustainability of rural systems; up to 10 points.
VI. Award Administration Information Back to Top

A. RUS will rank all qualifying applications by their final score. Applications
will be selected for funding, based on the highest scores and the availability
of funding for RFP grants. Each applicant will be notified in writing of the
score its application receives.

B. In making its decision about your application, RUS may determine that your
application is:

1. Eligible and selected for funding,

2. Eligible but offered fewer funds than requested,

3. Eligible but not selected for funding, or

4. Ineligible for the grant.

C. In accordance with 7 CFR part 1900, subpart B, you generally have the right
to appeal adverse decisions under 7 CFR part 11. Some adverse decisions cannot
be appealed. For example, if you are denied RUS funding due to a lack of funds
available for the grant program, this decision cannot be appealed. However, you
may make a request to the National Appeals Division (NAD) to review the accuracy
of our finding that the decision cannot be appealed. The appeal must be in
writing and filed at the appropriate Regional Office, which can be found at
http://www.nad.usda.gov/ or by calling (703) 305-1166.

D. Applicants selected for funding will complete a grant agreement, which
outlines the terms and conditions of the grant award.

E. Grantees will be reimbursed as follows:

1. SF-270, "Request for Advance or Reimbursement," will be completed by the
grantee in accordance with 7 CFR part 3000 or any successor regulations.

2. Upon receipt of a properly completed SF-270, the funds will be requested
through the field office terminal system. Ordinarily, payment will be made
within 30 days after receipt of a proper request for reimbursement.

3. Grantees are encouraged to use women- and minority-owned banks (a bank which
is owned at least 50 percent by women or minority group members) for the deposit
and disbursement of funds.

F. Any change in the scope of the project, budget adjustments of more than 10
percent of the total budget, or any other significant change in the project must
be reported to and approved by the approval official by written amendment to the
grant agreement. Any change not approved may be cause for termination of the
grant.

G. Grantees shall constantly monitor performance to ensure that time schedules
are being met, projected work by time periods is being accomplished, and other
performance objectives are being achieved. The Grantee will provide project
reports as follows:

1. SF-425, "Financial Status Report (short form)," and a project performance
activity report will be required of all grantees on a quarterly basis, due 30
days after the end of each quarter.

2. A final project performance report will be required with the last SF-425 due
90 days after the end of the last quarter in which the project is completed. The
final report may serve as the last quarterly report.

3. All multi-State grantees are to submit an original of each report to the
National Office. Grantees serving only one State are to submit an original of
each report to the State Office. The project performance reports should detail,
preferably in a narrative format, activities that have transpired for the
specific time period.

H. The grantee will provide an audit report or financial statements as follows:

1. Grantees expending $500,000 or more Federal funds per fiscal year will submit
an audit conducted in accordance 7 CFR part 3052 or any successor regulation
with OMB Circular A-133 or any successor guidance from OMB. The audit will be
submitted within 9 months after the grantee's fiscal year. Additional audits may
be required if the project period covers more than one fiscal year.

2. Grantees expending less than $500,000 will provide annual financial
statements covering the grant period, consisting of the organization's statement
of income and expense and balance sheet signed by an appropriate official of the
organization. Financial statements will be submitted within 90 days after the
grantee's fiscal year.

3. Recipient and Subrecipient Reporting.

The applicant must have the necessary processes and systems in place to comply
with the reporting requirements for first-tier sub-awards and executive
compensation under the Federal Funding Accountability and Transparency Act of
2006 in the event the applicant receives funding unless such applicant is exempt
from such reporting requirements pursuant to 2 CFR part 170, § 170.110(b). The
reporting requirements under the Transparency Act pursuant to 2 CFR part 170 are
as follows:

(a) First Tier Sub-Awards of $25,000 or more in non-Recovery Act funds (unless
they are exempt under 2 CFR part 170) must be reported by the Recipient to
http://www.fsrs.gov no later than the end of the month following the month the
obligation was made. Please note that currently underway is a consolidation of
eight federal procurement systems, including the Sub-award Reporting System
(FSRS), into one system, the System for Award Management (SAM). As result the
FSRS will soon be consolidated into and accessed through
https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/.

(b) The Total Compensation of the Recipient's Executives (5 most highly
compensated executives) must be reported by the Recipient (if the Recipient
meets the criteria under 2 CFR part 170) to
https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/ by the end of the month following the
month in which the award was made.

(c) The Total Compensation of the Subrecipient's Executives (5 most highly
compensated executives) must be reported by the Subrecipient (if the
Subrecipient meets the criteria under 2 CFR part 170) to the Recipient by the
end of the month following the month in which the subaward was made.
VII. Agency Contacts Back to Top

A. Web site: http://www.usda.gov/rus/water. The Rural Utilities Service Web site
maintains up-to-date resources and contact information for the RFP.

B. Phone: 202-720-9589.

C. Fax: 202-690-0649.

D. Email: Joyce M.Taylor@wdc.usda.gov

E. Main point of contact: Joyce M. Taylor, Community Programs Specialist, Water
and Environmental Programs, Water Programs Division, Rural Utilities Service,
U.S. Department of Agriculture.
VIII. Non-Discrimination Statement Back to Top
USDA Non-Discrimination Statement

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) prohibits discrimination against its
customers, employees, and applicants for employment on the bases of race, color,
national origin, age, disability, sex, gender identity, religion, reprisal, and
where applicable, political beliefs, marital status, familial or parental
status, sexual orientation, or all or part of an individual's income is derived
from any public assistance program, or protected genetic information in
employment or in any program or activity conducted or funded by the Department.
(Not all prohibited bases will apply to all programs and/or employment
activities.)
How To File a Complaint

If you wish to file an employment complaint, you must contact your agency's EEO
Counselor within 45 days of the date of the alleged discriminatory act, event,
or in the case of a personnel action. Additional information can be found online
at http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_file.html.

If you wish to file a Civil Rights program complaint of discrimination, complete
the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint Form (PDF), found online at
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html, or at any USDA office, or
call (866) 632-9992 to request the form. You may also write a letter containing
all of the information requested in the form. Send your completed complaint form
or letter to us by mail at U.S. Department of Agriculture, Director, Office of
Adjudication, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-9410, by fax
(202) 690-7442 or email at program.intake@usda.gov
Persons With Disabilities

Individuals who are deaf, hard of hearing or have speech disabilities and you
wish to file either an EEO or program complaint please contact USDA through the
Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339 or (800) 845-6136 (in Spanish).

Persons with disabilities who wish to file a program complaint, please see
information above on how to contact us by mail directly or by email. If you
require alternative means of communication for program information (e.g.,
Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.) please contact USDA's TARGET Center at
(202) 720-2600 (voice and TDD).

Dated: January 6, 2015.

Jasper Schneider,

Acting Administrator, Rural Utilities Service.


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              16 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 12, 2015 Thursday

Washington: Announcement of Grant and Loan Application Deadlines

LENGTH: 5461  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Register has published the following document:

[Federal Register Volume 80, Number 29 (Thursday, February 12, 2015)]
[Notices]
[Pages 7829-7834]
From the Federal Register Online via the Government Printing Office
[www.gpo.gov]
[FR Doc No: 2015-02702]


-----------------------------------------------------------------------

DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE

Rural Utilities Service


Announcement of Grant and Loan Application Deadlines

AGENCY: Rural Utilities Service, USDA.

ACTION: Notice of Solicitation of Applications.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

SUMMARY: The Rural Utilities Service (RUS) announces its Revolving Fund
Program (RFP) application window for Fiscal Year (FY) 2015.
 The RFP is authorized under section 306(a)(2)(B) of the
Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (Con Act), 7 U.S.C. 1926
(a)(2)(B). Under the RFP, qualified private, non-profit organizations
may receive RFP grant funds to establish a lending program for eligible
entities. Eligible entities for the revolving loan fund will be the
same entities eligible, under paragraph 1 or 2 of Section 306(a) of the
Con Act, 7 U.S.C. 1926(a)(1) or (b)(2), to obtain a loan, loan
guarantee, or grant from the RUS Water, Waste Disposal and Wastewater
loan and grant programs.
 This year administrative discretion points may be awarded for work
plans that: Direct loans to the smallest communities with the lowest
incomes emphasizing areas where according to the American Community
Survey data by census tracts show that at least 20 percent of the
population is living in poverty. This emphasis will support Rural
Development's goal of providing 20 percent of its funding by 2016 to
these areas of need;
 Direct loans to areas that lack running water, flush toilets, and
modern sewage disposal systems, and areas which have open sewers and
high rates of disease caused by poor sanitation, in particular,
colonias or Substantially Underserved Trust Areas; and
 Direct loans that emphasize energy and water efficient components
to reduce costs and increase sustainability of rural systems.
 RUS will publish on its Web site at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/UWP-revolvingfund.html the amount of

[[Page 7830]]

funding received in the FY2015 Appropriations Act, if any.

DATES: You may submit completed applications for grants on paper or
electronically according to the following deadlines:
 Paper copies must be postmarked and mailed, shipped, or
sent overnight no later than April 13, 2015 to be eligible for FY2015
grant funding. Late or incomplete applications will not be eligible for
FY2015 grant funding.
 Electronic copies must be received by April 13, 2015 to be
eligible for FY2015 grant funding. Late or incomplete applications will
not be eligible for FY2015 grant funding.

ADDRESSES: You may obtain application guides and materials for the RFP
program at the Water and Environmental Programs (WEP) Web site:
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/UWP-revolvingfund.html. You may also request
application guides and materials by contacting Joyce M. Taylor at (202)
720-0499.
 Submit completed paper applications for RFP grants to the Rural
Utilities Service, U.S. Department of Agriculture, 1400 Independence
Avenue SW., Room 2233, STOP 1570, Washington, DC 20250-1570.
Applications should be marked Attention: Joyce M. Taylor, Water and
Environmental Programs.
 Submit electronic grant applications at http://www.grants.gov
(Grants.gov) and follow the instructions you find on that Web site.

FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Joyce M. Taylor, Community Programs
Specialist, Water Programs Division, U.S. Department of Agriculture,
Rural Utilities Service, STOP 1570, Room 2233-S, 1400 Independence
Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-1570; Telephone: (202) 720-0499: Fax:
(202) 690-0649.

SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:

Overview

Federal Agency: Rural Utilities Service (RUS).
 Funding Opportunity Title: Grant Program to Establish a Fund for
Financing Water and Wastewater Projects (Revolving Fund Program (RFP)).
 Announcement Type: Solicitation of Applications.
 Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance (CFDA) Number: 10.864.
 Due Date for Applications: Applications must be mailed, shipped or
submitted electronically through Grants.gov no later than April 13,
2015 to be eligible for FY2015 grant funding.

Items in Supplementary Information

I. Funding Opportunity: Brief introduction to the RFP.
II. Award Information: To be determined.
III. Eligibility Information: Who is eligible, what kinds of
projects are eligible, what criteria determine basic eligibility.
IV. Application and Submission Information: Where to get application
materials, what constitutes a completed application, how and where
to submit applications, deadlines, items that are eligible.
V. Application Review Information: Considerations and preferences,
scoring criteria, review standards, selection information.
VI. Award Administration Information: Award notice information,
award recipient reporting requirements.
VII. Agency Contacts: Web, phone, fax, email, contact name.
VIII. Non-Discrimination Statement.

I. Funding Opportunity

Drinking water systems are basic and vital to both health and
economic development. With dependable water facilities, rural
communities can attract families and businesses that will invest in the
community and improve the quality of life for all residents. Without
dependable water facilities, the communities cannot sustain economic
development.
 RUS provides financial and technical assistance to help communities
bring safe drinking water and sanitary, environmentally sound waste
disposal facilities to rural Americans. It supports the sound
development of rural communities and the growth of our economy without
endangering the environment.
 The Revolving Fund Program (RFP) has been established under 7 CFR
part 1783 to assist communities with water or wastewater systems.
Qualified private, non-profit organizations, who are selected for
funding, will receive RFP grant funds to establish a lending program
for eligible entities. Eligible entities for the revolving loan fund
will be the same entities eligible to obtain a loan, loan guarantee, or
grant from the Water and Waste Disposal loan and grant programs
administered by RUS, under 7 U.S.C.1926(a)(1) and (2). As grant
recipients, the non-profit organizations will set up a revolving loan
fund to provide loans to finance predevelopment costs of water or
wastewater projects, or short-term small capital projects not part of
the regular operation and maintenance of current water and wastewater
systems. The amount of financing to an eligible entity shall not exceed
$100,000.00 and shall be repaid in a term not to exceed 10 years. The
rate shall be determined in the approved grant work plan.

II. Award Information

Available funds: To be determined. This Notice is being issued
prior to passage of an FY2015 Appropriations Act, which may or may not
provide an appropriation for this program, in order to allow applicants
sufficient time to prepare and submit applications and to provide the
Agency time to process the applications in a timely fashion. Successful
applications will be selected by RUS for funding and subsequently
awarded to the extent that funding may ultimately be made available to
RUS through appropriations. RUS will publish on its Web site the amount
of funding received in the final FY2015 Appropriations Act, if any.

III. Eligibility Information

A. Who is eligible to apply?

An applicant is eligible to apply for the RFP grant if it:
 1. Is a private, non-profit organization;
 2. Is legally established and located within one of the following:
 (a) A state within the United States;
 (b) The District of Columbia;
 (c) The Commonwealth of Puerto Rico; or
 (d) A United States territory;
 3. Has the legal capacity and authority to carry out the grant
purpose;
 4. Has a proven record of successfully operating a revolving loan
fund to rural areas;
 5. Has capitalization acceptable to the Agency, and is composed of
at least 51 percent of the outstanding interest or membership being
citizens of the United States or individuals who reside in the United
States after being legally admitted for permanent residence;
 6. Has no delinquent debt to the Federal Government or no
outstanding judgments to repay a Federal debt;
 7. Demonstrates that it possesses the financial, technical, and
managerial capability to comply with Federal and State laws and
requirements; and
 8. Is not a corporation that has been convicted of a felony (or had
an officer or agent acting on behalf of the corporation convicted of a
felony) within the past 24 months. Any Corporation that has any unpaid
federal tax liability that has been assessed, for which all judicial
and administrative remedies have been exhausted or have lapsed, and
that is not being paid in a timely manner pursuant to an agreement with
the authority responsible for collecting the tax liability is not
eligible.

B. What are the basic eligibility requirements for a project?

1. The following activities are authorized under the RFP statute:

[[Page 7831]]

(a) Grant funds must be used to capitalize a revolving fund program
for the purpose of providing direct loan financing to eligible entities
for pre-development costs associated with proposed or with existing
water and wastewater systems, or,
 (b) Short-term costs incurred for equipment replacement, small-
scale extension of services, or other small capital projects that are
not part of the regular operations and maintenance activities of
existing water and wastewater systems.
 2. Grant funds may not be used to pay any of the following:
 (a) Payment of the Grant Recipient's administrative costs or
expenses, or,
 (b) Delinquent debt owed to the Federal Government.

IV. Application and Submission Information

A. The Grant Application Guide, Copies of Necessary Forms and Samples,
and the RFP Regulation Are Available From These Sources

1. The Internet: http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/UWP-revolvingfund.html
or http://www.grants.gov.
 2. For paper copies of these materials, you may call (202) 720-
9589.

B. You May File an Application in Either Paper or Electronic Format

Whether you file a paper or an electronic application, you will
need a DUNS number.
 1. DUNS Number.
 The applicant for a grant must supply a Dun and Bradstreet Data
Universal Numbering System (DUNS) number as part of an application. The
Standard Form 424 (SF-424) contains a field for the DUNS number. The
applicant can obtain the DUNS number free of charge by calling Dun and
Bradstreet. Please see http://fedgov.dnb.com/webform for more
information on how to obtain a DUNS number or how to verify your
organization's number.
 In accordance with 2 CFR part 25, whether applying electronically
or by paper, the applicant must register in the System for Award
Management (SAM) (formerly Central Contractor Registry, (CCR)) prior to
submitting an application. Applicants may register for the SAM at
https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/. The SAM registration must
remain active with current information at all times while RUS is
considering an application or while a Federal Grant Award or loan is
active. To remain registered in the SAM database the applicant must
review and update the information in the SAM database annually from
date of initial registration or from the date of the last update. The
applicant must ensure that the information in the database is current,
accurate, and complete.
 2. Applications submitted by paper:
 (a) Send or deliver paper applications by the U.S. Postal Service
(USPS) or courier delivery services to: Water and Environmental
Programs, Rural Utilities Service, 1400 Independence Avenue SW.,
Attention: Joyce M. Taylor, Mail STOP 1570, Room 2233-S, Washington, DC
20250-1570.
 (b) For paper applications mail or ensure delivery of an original
paper application (no stamped, photocopied, or initialed signatures)
and two copies by the deadline date. The application and any materials
sent with it become Federal records by law and cannot be returned to
you.
 3. Electronically submitted applications:
 (a) Applications will not be accepted by fax or electronic mail.
 (b) Electronic applications for grants will be accepted if
submitted through Grants.gov at http://www.grants.gov.
 (c) Applicants must preregister successfully with Grants.gov to use
the electronic applications option. Application information may be
downloaded from Grants.gov without preregistration.
 (d) Applicants who apply through Grants.gov should submit their
electronic applications before the deadline.
 (e) Grants.gov contains full instructions on all required
passwords, credentialing, and software. Follow the instructions at
Grants.gov for registering and submitting an electronic application.
 (f) Grants.gov has two preregistration requirements: A DUNS number
and an active registration in the SAM. See Item 1 above for
instructions on obtaining a DUNS number and registering in the SAM.

C. A Complete Application Must Meet the Following Requirements

1. To be considered for support, you must be an eligible entity and
must submit a complete application by the deadline date. You should
consult the cost principles and general administrative requirements for
grants pertaining to their organizational type in order to prepare the
budget and complete other parts of the application. You also must
demonstrate compliance (or intent to comply), through certification or
other means, with a number of public policy requirements. Applications
should be prepared in conformance with the provisions in 2 CFR parts
180, 182, and regulations applicable to USDA including 2 CFR parts 421,
and 417.
 2. Applicants must complete and submit the following forms to apply
for a RFP grant:
 (a) Standard Form 424, ``Application for Federal Assistance.''
 (b) Standard Form 424A, ``Budget Information--Non-Construction
Programs.''
 (c) Standard Form 424B, ``Assurances--Non-Construction Programs.''
 (d) Standard Form LLL, ``Disclosure of Lobbying Activity.''
 (e) Form RD 400-1, ``Equal Opportunity Agreement.''
 (f) Form RD 400-4, ``Assurance Agreement (Under Title VI, Civil
Rights Act of 1964).
 3. The project proposal should outline the project in sufficient
detail to provide a reader with a complete understanding of how the
loan program will work. Explain what you will accomplish by lending
funds to eligible entities. Demonstrate the feasibility of the proposed
loan program in meeting the objectives of this grant program. The
proposal should cover the following elements:
 (a) Present a brief project overview. Explain the purpose of the
project, how it relates to RUS's purposes, how you will carry out the
project, what the project will produce, and who will direct it.
 (b) Describe why the project is necessary. Demonstrate that
eligible entities need loan funds. Quantify the number of prospective
borrowers or provide statistical or narrative evidence that a
sufficient number of borrowers will exist to justify the grant award.
Describe the service area. Address community needs.
 (c) Clearly state your project goals. Your objectives should
clearly describe the goals and be concrete and specific enough to be
quantitative or observable. They should also be feasible and relate to
the purpose of the loan program.
 (d) The narrative should cover in more detail the items briefly
described in the Project Summary. It should establish the basis for any
claims that you have substantial expertise in promoting the safe and
productive use of revolving funds. In describing what the project will
achieve, you should tell the reader if it also will have broader
influence. The narrative should address the following points:
 (1) Document your ability to administer and service a revolving
fund in accordance with the provisions of 7 CFR part 1783.

[[Page 7832]]

(2) Document your ability to commit financial resources to
establish the RFP with funds your organization controls. This
documentation should describe the sources of funds other than the RFP
grant that will be used to pay your operational costs and provide
financial assistance for projects.
 (3) Demonstrate that you have secured commitments of significant
financial support from other funding sources, if appropriate.
 (4) List the fees and charges that borrowers will be assessed.
 (e) The work plan must describe the tasks and activities that will
be accomplished with available resources during the grant period. It
must show the work you plan to do to achieve the anticipated outcomes,
goals, and objectives set out for the RFP. The plan must:
 (1) Describe the work to be performed by each person.
 (2) Give a schedule or timetable of work to be done.
 (3) Show evidence of previous experience with the techniques to be
used or their successful use by others.
 (4) Outline the loan program to include the following: specific
loan purposes, a loan application process, priorities, borrower
eligibility criteria, limitations, fees, interest rates, terms, and
collateral requirements.
 (5) Provide a marketing plan.
 (6) Explain the mechanics of how you will transfer loan funds to
the borrowers.
 (7) Describe follow-up or continuing activities that should occur
after project completion such as monitoring and reporting borrowers'
accomplishments.
 (8) Describe how the results will be evaluated. The evaluation
criteria should be in line with the project objectives.
 (9) List all personnel responsible for administering this program
along with a statement of their qualifications and experience.
 (f) The written justification for projected costs should explain
how budget figures were determined for each category. It should
indicate which costs are to be covered by grant funds and which costs
will be met by your organization or other organizations. The
justification should account for all expenditures discussed in the
narrative. It should reflect appropriate cost-sharing contributions.
The budget justification should explain the budget and accounting
system proposed or in place. The administrative costs for operating the
budget should be expressed as a percentage of the overall budget. The
budget justification should provide specific budget figures, rounding
off figures to the nearest dollar. Applicants should consult OMB
Circular A-122: ``Cost Principles for Non-Profit Organizations'' or any
successor guidance for information about appropriate costs for each
budget category.
 (g) In addition to completing the standard application forms, you
must submit:
 (1) Supplementary material that demonstrate that your organization
is legally recognized under state or Tribal and Federal law.
Satisfactory documentation includes, but is not limited to,
certificates from the Secretary of State, or copies of state statutes
or laws establishing your organization. Letters from the IRS awarding
tax-exempt status are not considered adequate evidence.
 (2) A certified list of directors and officers with their
respective terms.
 (3) Evidence of tax exempt status from the IRS.
 (4) Debarment and suspension information is required in accordance
with 2 CFR part 417 (Nonprocurement Debarment and Suspension)
supplemented by 2 CFR part 180, if it applies. The section heading is
``What information must I provide before entering into a covered
transaction with the Federal Government?'' located at 2 CFR 180.335. It
is part of OMB's Guidance for Grants and Agreements concerning
Government-wide Debarment and Suspension.
 (5) All of your organization's known workplaces by including the
actual address of buildings (or parts of buildings) or other sites
where work under the award takes place. Workplace identification is
required under the drug-free workplace requirements in subpart B of 2
CFR part 421, which adopts the Governmentwide implementation (2 CFR
part 182) of the Drug-Free Workplace Act.
 (6) The most recent audit of your organization.
 (7) The following financial statements:
 i. A pro forma balance sheet at start-up and for at least three
additional years; Balance sheets, income statements, and cash flow
statements for the last three years.
 ii. If your organization has been formed less than three years, the
financial statements should be submitted for the periods from inception
to the present. Projected income and cash flow statements for at least
three years supported by a list of assumptions showing the basis for
the projections. The projected income statement and balance sheet must
include one set of projections that shows the revolving loan fund only
and a separate set of projections that shows your organization's total
operations.
 (8) Additional information to support and describe your plan for
achieving the grant objectives. The information may be regarded as
essential for understanding and evaluating the project and may be found
in letters of support, as resolutions, policies, and other relevant
documents. The supplements may be presented in appendices to the
proposal.

V. Application Review Information

A. Within 30 days of receiving your application, RUS will send you
a letter of acknowledgment. Your application will be reviewed for
completeness to determine if you included all of the items required. If
your application is incomplete or ineligible, RUS will return it to you
with an explanation.
 B. A review team, composed of at least two RUS staff members, will
evaluate all applications and proposals. They will make overall
recommendations based on factors such as eligibility, application
completeness, and conformity to application requirements. They will
score the applications based on criteria in the next section.
 C. All applications that are complete and eligible will be ranked
competitively based on the following scoring criteria:
 1. Degree of expertise and successful experience in making and
servicing commercial loans, with a successful record, for the following
number of full years:
 (a) At least 1 but less than 3 years--5 points.
 (b) At least 3 but less than 5 years--10 points.
 (c) At least 5 but less than 10 years--20 points.
 (d) 10 or more years--30 points.
 2. Extent to which the work plan demonstrates a well thought out,
comprehensive approach to accomplishing the objectives of this part,
clearly defines who will be served by the project, clearly articulates
the problem/issues to be addressed, identifies the service area to be
covered by the RFP loans and appears likely to be sustainable; up to 40
points
 3. Percentage of applicant contributions. Points allowed under this
paragraph will be based on written evidence of the availability of
funds from sources other than the proceeds of an RFP grant to pay part
of the cost of a loan recipient's project. In-kind contributions will
not be considered. Funds from other sources as a percentage of the RFP
grant and points

[[Page 7833]]

corresponding to such percentages are as follows:
 (a) Less than 20 percent--ineligible.
 (b) At least 20 percent but less than 50 percent--10 points.
 (c) 50 percent or more--20 points.
 4. Extent to which the goals and objectives are clearly defined,
tied to the work plan, and are measurable; up to 15 points.
 5. Lowest ratio of projected administrative expenses to loans
advanced; up to 10 points.
 6. The evaluation methods for considering loan applications and
making RFP loans are specific to the program, clearly defined,
measurable, and are consistent with program outcomes; up to 20 points.
 7. Administrator's discretion points may be awarded based on the
following:
 (a) Directs loans to the smallest communities with the lowest
incomes emphasizing areas where according to the American Community
Survey data by census tracts show that at least 20 percent of the
population is living in poverty. This emphasis will support Rural
Development's goal of providing 20 percent of its funding by 2016 to
these areas of need.
 (b) Directs loans to areas which lack running water, flush toilets,
and modern sewage disposal systems, and areas which have open sewers
and high rates of disease caused by poor sanitation, in particular,
colonias or Substantially Underserved Trust Areas.
 (c) Directs loans that emphasize energy and water efficient
components to reduce costs and increase sustainability of rural
systems; up to 10 points.

VI. Award Administration Information

A. RUS will rank all qualifying applications by their final score.
Applications will be selected for funding, based on the highest scores
and the availability of funding for RFP grants. Each applicant will be
notified in writing of the score its application receives.
 B. In making its decision about your application, RUS may determine
that your application is:
 1. Eligible and selected for funding,
 2. Eligible but offered fewer funds than requested,
 3. Eligible but not selected for funding, or
 4. Ineligible for the grant.
 C. In accordance with 7 CFR part 1900, subpart B, you generally
have the right to appeal adverse decisions under 7 CFR part 11. Some
adverse decisions cannot be appealed. For example, if you are denied
RUS funding due to a lack of funds available for the grant program,
this decision cannot be appealed. However, you may make a request to
the National Appeals Division (NAD) to review the accuracy of our
finding that the decision cannot be appealed. The appeal must be in
writing and filed at the appropriate Regional Office, which can be
found at http://www.nad.usda.gov/ or by calling (703) 305-1166.
 D. Applicants selected for funding will complete a grant agreement,
which outlines the terms and conditions of the grant award.
 E. Grantees will be reimbursed as follows:
 1. SF-270, ``Request for Advance or Reimbursement,'' will be
completed by the grantee in accordance with 7 CFR part 3000 or any
successor regulations.
 2. Upon receipt of a properly completed SF-270, the funds will be
requested through the field office terminal system. Ordinarily, payment
will be made within 30 days after receipt of a proper request for
reimbursement.
 3. Grantees are encouraged to use women- and minority-owned banks
(a bank which is owned at least 50 percent by women or minority group
members) for the deposit and disbursement of funds.
 F. Any change in the scope of the project, budget adjustments of
more than 10 percent of the total budget, or any other significant
change in the project must be reported to and approved by the approval
official by written amendment to the grant agreement. Any change not
approved may be cause for termination of the grant.
 G. Grantees shall constantly monitor performance to ensure that
time schedules are being met, projected work by time periods is being
accomplished, and other performance objectives are being achieved. The
Grantee will provide project reports as follows:
 1. SF-425, ``Financial Status Report (short form),'' and a project
performance activity report will be required of all grantees on a
quarterly basis, due 30 days after the end of each quarter.
 2. A final project performance report will be required with the
last SF-425 due 90 days after the end of the last quarter in which the
project is completed. The final report may serve as the last quarterly
report.
 3. All multi-State grantees are to submit an original of each
report to the National Office. Grantees serving only one State are to
submit an original of each report to the State Office. The project
performance reports should detail, preferably in a narrative format,
activities that have transpired for the specific time period.
 H. The grantee will provide an audit report or financial statements
as follows:
 1. Grantees expending $500,000 or more Federal funds per fiscal
year will submit an audit conducted in accordance 7 CFR part 3052 or
any successor regulation with OMB Circular A-133 or any successor
guidance from OMB. The audit will be submitted within 9 months after
the grantee's fiscal year. Additional audits may be required if the
project period covers more than one fiscal year.
 2. Grantees expending less than $500,000 will provide annual
financial statements covering the grant period, consisting of the
organization's statement of income and expense and balance sheet signed
by an appropriate official of the organization. Financial statements
will be submitted within 90 days after the grantee's fiscal year.
 3. Recipient and Subrecipient Reporting.
 The applicant must have the necessary processes and systems in
place to comply with the reporting requirements for first-tier sub-
awards and executive compensation under the Federal Funding
Accountability and Transparency Act of 2006 in the event the applicant
receives funding unless such applicant is exempt from such reporting
requirements pursuant to 2 CFR part 170, Sec. 170.110(b). The
reporting requirements under the Transparency Act pursuant to 2 CFR
part 170 are as follows:
 (a) First Tier Sub-Awards of $25,000 or more in non-Recovery Act
funds (unless they are exempt under 2 CFR part 170) must be reported by
the Recipient to http://www.fsrs.gov no later than the end of the month
following the month the obligation was made. Please note that currently
underway is a consolidation of eight federal procurement systems,
including the Sub-award Reporting System (FSRS), into one system, the
System for Award Management (SAM). As result the FSRS will soon be
consolidated into and accessed through https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/.
 (b) The Total Compensation of the Recipient's Executives (5 most
highly compensated executives) must be reported by the Recipient (if
the Recipient meets the criteria under 2 CFR part 170) to
https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/ by the end of the month following the
month in which the award was made.
 (c) The Total Compensation of the Subrecipient's Executives (5 most
highly compensated executives) must be reported by the Subrecipient (if
the

[[Page 7834]]

Subrecipient meets the criteria under 2 CFR part 170) to the Recipient
by the end of the month following the month in which the subaward was
made.

VII. Agency Contacts

A. Web site: http://www.usda.gov/rus/water. The Rural Utilities
Service Web site maintains up-to-date resources and contact information
for the RFP.
 B. Phone: 202-720-9589.
 C. Fax: 202-690-0649.
 D. Email: Joyce M.Taylor@wdc.usda.gov
 E. Main point of contact: Joyce M. Taylor, Community Programs
Specialist, Water and Environmental Programs, Water Programs Division,
Rural Utilities Service, U.S. Department of Agriculture.

VIII. Non-Discrimination Statement

USDA Non-Discrimination Statement

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) prohibits discrimination
against its customers, employees, and applicants for employment on the
bases of race, color, national origin, age, disability, sex, gender
identity, religion, reprisal, and where applicable, political beliefs,
marital status, familial or parental status, sexual orientation, or all
or part of an individual's income is derived from any public assistance
program, or protected genetic information in employment or in any
program or activity conducted or funded by the Department. (Not all
prohibited bases will apply to all programs and/or employment
activities.)

How To File a Complaint

If you wish to file an employment complaint, you must contact your
agency's EEO Counselor within 45 days of the date of the alleged
discriminatory act, event, or in the case of a personnel action.
Additional information can be found online at
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_file.html.
 If you wish to file a Civil Rights program complaint of
discrimination, complete the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint Form
(PDF), found online at http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html, or
at any USDA office, or call (866) 632-
9992 to request the form. You may also write a letter containing all of
the information requested in the form. Send your completed complaint
form or letter to us by mail at U.S. Department of Agriculture,
Director, Office of Adjudication, 1400 Independence Avenue SW.,
Washington, DC 20250-9410, by fax (202) 690-7442 or email at
program.intake@usda.gov

Persons With Disabilities

Individuals who are deaf, hard of hearing or have speech
disabilities and you wish to file either an EEO or program complaint
please contact USDA through the Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339
or (800) 845-6136 (in Spanish).
 Persons with disabilities who wish to file a program complaint,
please see information above on how to contact us by mail directly or
by email. If you require alternative means of communication for program
information (e.g., Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.) please
contact USDA's TARGET Center at (202) 720-2600 (voice and TDD).

Dated: January 6, 2015.
Jasper Schneider,
Acting Administrator, Rural Utilities Service.
[FR Doc. 2015-02702 Filed 2-11-15; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE 3410-15-P


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              17 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 12, 2015 Thursday

Washington: Announcement of Grant and Loan Application Deadlines

LENGTH: 5461  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Register has published the following document:

[Federal Register Volume 80, Number 29 (Thursday, February 12, 2015)]
[Notices]
[Pages 7829-7834]
From the Federal Register Online via the Government Printing Office
[www.gpo.gov]
[FR Doc No: 2015-02702]


-----------------------------------------------------------------------

DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE

Rural Utilities Service


Announcement of Grant and Loan Application Deadlines

AGENCY: Rural Utilities Service, USDA.

ACTION: Notice of Solicitation of Applications.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

SUMMARY: The Rural Utilities Service (RUS) announces its Revolving Fund
Program (RFP) application window for Fiscal Year (FY) 2015.
 The RFP is authorized under section 306(a)(2)(B) of the
Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (Con Act), 7 U.S.C. 1926
(a)(2)(B). Under the RFP, qualified private, non-profit organizations
may receive RFP grant funds to establish a lending program for eligible
entities. Eligible entities for the revolving loan fund will be the
same entities eligible, under paragraph 1 or 2 of Section 306(a) of the
Con Act, 7 U.S.C. 1926(a)(1) or (b)(2), to obtain a loan, loan
guarantee, or grant from the RUS Water, Waste Disposal and Wastewater
loan and grant programs.
 This year administrative discretion points may be awarded for work
plans that: Direct loans to the smallest communities with the lowest
incomes emphasizing areas where according to the American Community
Survey data by census tracts show that at least 20 percent of the
population is living in poverty. This emphasis will support Rural
Development's goal of providing 20 percent of its funding by 2016 to
these areas of need;
 Direct loans to areas that lack running water, flush toilets, and
modern sewage disposal systems, and areas which have open sewers and
high rates of disease caused by poor sanitation, in particular,
colonias or Substantially Underserved Trust Areas; and
 Direct loans that emphasize energy and water efficient components
to reduce costs and increase sustainability of rural systems.
 RUS will publish on its Web site at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/UWP-revolvingfund.html the amount of

[[Page 7830]]

funding received in the FY2015 Appropriations Act, if any.

DATES: You may submit completed applications for grants on paper or
electronically according to the following deadlines:
 Paper copies must be postmarked and mailed, shipped, or
sent overnight no later than April 13, 2015 to be eligible for FY2015
grant funding. Late or incomplete applications will not be eligible for
FY2015 grant funding.
 Electronic copies must be received by April 13, 2015 to be
eligible for FY2015 grant funding. Late or incomplete applications will
not be eligible for FY2015 grant funding.

ADDRESSES: You may obtain application guides and materials for the RFP
program at the Water and Environmental Programs (WEP) Web site:
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/UWP-revolvingfund.html. You may also request
application guides and materials by contacting Joyce M. Taylor at (202)
720-0499.
 Submit completed paper applications for RFP grants to the Rural
Utilities Service, U.S. Department of Agriculture, 1400 Independence
Avenue SW., Room 2233, STOP 1570, Washington, DC 20250-1570.
Applications should be marked Attention: Joyce M. Taylor, Water and
Environmental Programs.
 Submit electronic grant applications at http://www.grants.gov
(Grants.gov) and follow the instructions you find on that Web site.

FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Joyce M. Taylor, Community Programs
Specialist, Water Programs Division, U.S. Department of Agriculture,
Rural Utilities Service, STOP 1570, Room 2233-S, 1400 Independence
Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-1570; Telephone: (202) 720-0499: Fax:
(202) 690-0649.

SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:

Overview

Federal Agency: Rural Utilities Service (RUS).
 Funding Opportunity Title: Grant Program to Establish a Fund for
Financing Water and Wastewater Projects (Revolving Fund Program (RFP)).
 Announcement Type: Solicitation of Applications.
 Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance (CFDA) Number: 10.864.
 Due Date for Applications: Applications must be mailed, shipped or
submitted electronically through Grants.gov no later than April 13,
2015 to be eligible for FY2015 grant funding.

Items in Supplementary Information

I. Funding Opportunity: Brief introduction to the RFP.
II. Award Information: To be determined.
III. Eligibility Information: Who is eligible, what kinds of
projects are eligible, what criteria determine basic eligibility.
IV. Application and Submission Information: Where to get application
materials, what constitutes a completed application, how and where
to submit applications, deadlines, items that are eligible.
V. Application Review Information: Considerations and preferences,
scoring criteria, review standards, selection information.
VI. Award Administration Information: Award notice information,
award recipient reporting requirements.
VII. Agency Contacts: Web, phone, fax, email, contact name.
VIII. Non-Discrimination Statement.

I. Funding Opportunity

Drinking water systems are basic and vital to both health and
economic development. With dependable water facilities, rural
communities can attract families and businesses that will invest in the
community and improve the quality of life for all residents. Without
dependable water facilities, the communities cannot sustain economic
development.
 RUS provides financial and technical assistance to help communities
bring safe drinking water and sanitary, environmentally sound waste
disposal facilities to rural Americans. It supports the sound
development of rural communities and the growth of our economy without
endangering the environment.
 The Revolving Fund Program (RFP) has been established under 7 CFR
part 1783 to assist communities with water or wastewater systems.
Qualified private, non-profit organizations, who are selected for
funding, will receive RFP grant funds to establish a lending program
for eligible entities. Eligible entities for the revolving loan fund
will be the same entities eligible to obtain a loan, loan guarantee, or
grant from the Water and Waste Disposal loan and grant programs
administered by RUS, under 7 U.S.C.1926(a)(1) and (2). As grant
recipients, the non-profit organizations will set up a revolving loan
fund to provide loans to finance predevelopment costs of water or
wastewater projects, or short-term small capital projects not part of
the regular operation and maintenance of current water and wastewater
systems. The amount of financing to an eligible entity shall not exceed
$100,000.00 and shall be repaid in a term not to exceed 10 years. The
rate shall be determined in the approved grant work plan.

II. Award Information

Available funds: To be determined. This Notice is being issued
prior to passage of an FY2015 Appropriations Act, which may or may not
provide an appropriation for this program, in order to allow applicants
sufficient time to prepare and submit applications and to provide the
Agency time to process the applications in a timely fashion. Successful
applications will be selected by RUS for funding and subsequently
awarded to the extent that funding may ultimately be made available to
RUS through appropriations. RUS will publish on its Web site the amount
of funding received in the final FY2015 Appropriations Act, if any.

III. Eligibility Information

A. Who is eligible to apply?

An applicant is eligible to apply for the RFP grant if it:
 1. Is a private, non-profit organization;
 2. Is legally established and located within one of the following:
 (a) A state within the United States;
 (b) The District of Columbia;
 (c) The Commonwealth of Puerto Rico; or
 (d) A United States territory;
 3. Has the legal capacity and authority to carry out the grant
purpose;
 4. Has a proven record of successfully operating a revolving loan
fund to rural areas;
 5. Has capitalization acceptable to the Agency, and is composed of
at least 51 percent of the outstanding interest or membership being
citizens of the United States or individuals who reside in the United
States after being legally admitted for permanent residence;
 6. Has no delinquent debt to the Federal Government or no
outstanding judgments to repay a Federal debt;
 7. Demonstrates that it possesses the financial, technical, and
managerial capability to comply with Federal and State laws and
requirements; and
 8. Is not a corporation that has been convicted of a felony (or had
an officer or agent acting on behalf of the corporation convicted of a
felony) within the past 24 months. Any Corporation that has any unpaid
federal tax liability that has been assessed, for which all judicial
and administrative remedies have been exhausted or have lapsed, and
that is not being paid in a timely manner pursuant to an agreement with
the authority responsible for collecting the tax liability is not
eligible.

B. What are the basic eligibility requirements for a project?

1. The following activities are authorized under the RFP statute:

[[Page 7831]]

(a) Grant funds must be used to capitalize a revolving fund program
for the purpose of providing direct loan financing to eligible entities
for pre-development costs associated with proposed or with existing
water and wastewater systems, or,
 (b) Short-term costs incurred for equipment replacement, small-
scale extension of services, or other small capital projects that are
not part of the regular operations and maintenance activities of
existing water and wastewater systems.
 2. Grant funds may not be used to pay any of the following:
 (a) Payment of the Grant Recipient's administrative costs or
expenses, or,
 (b) Delinquent debt owed to the Federal Government.

IV. Application and Submission Information

A. The Grant Application Guide, Copies of Necessary Forms and Samples,
and the RFP Regulation Are Available From These Sources

1. The Internet: http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/UWP-revolvingfund.html
or http://www.grants.gov.
 2. For paper copies of these materials, you may call (202) 720-
9589.

B. You May File an Application in Either Paper or Electronic Format

Whether you file a paper or an electronic application, you will
need a DUNS number.
 1. DUNS Number.
 The applicant for a grant must supply a Dun and Bradstreet Data
Universal Numbering System (DUNS) number as part of an application. The
Standard Form 424 (SF-424) contains a field for the DUNS number. The
applicant can obtain the DUNS number free of charge by calling Dun and
Bradstreet. Please see http://fedgov.dnb.com/webform for more
information on how to obtain a DUNS number or how to verify your
organization's number.
 In accordance with 2 CFR part 25, whether applying electronically
or by paper, the applicant must register in the System for Award
Management (SAM) (formerly Central Contractor Registry, (CCR)) prior to
submitting an application. Applicants may register for the SAM at
https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/. The SAM registration must
remain active with current information at all times while RUS is
considering an application or while a Federal Grant Award or loan is
active. To remain registered in the SAM database the applicant must
review and update the information in the SAM database annually from
date of initial registration or from the date of the last update. The
applicant must ensure that the information in the database is current,
accurate, and complete.
 2. Applications submitted by paper:
 (a) Send or deliver paper applications by the U.S. Postal Service
(USPS) or courier delivery services to: Water and Environmental
Programs, Rural Utilities Service, 1400 Independence Avenue SW.,
Attention: Joyce M. Taylor, Mail STOP 1570, Room 2233-S, Washington, DC
20250-1570.
 (b) For paper applications mail or ensure delivery of an original
paper application (no stamped, photocopied, or initialed signatures)
and two copies by the deadline date. The application and any materials
sent with it become Federal records by law and cannot be returned to
you.
 3. Electronically submitted applications:
 (a) Applications will not be accepted by fax or electronic mail.
 (b) Electronic applications for grants will be accepted if
submitted through Grants.gov at http://www.grants.gov.
 (c) Applicants must preregister successfully with Grants.gov to use
the electronic applications option. Application information may be
downloaded from Grants.gov without preregistration.
 (d) Applicants who apply through Grants.gov should submit their
electronic applications before the deadline.
 (e) Grants.gov contains full instructions on all required
passwords, credentialing, and software. Follow the instructions at
Grants.gov for registering and submitting an electronic application.
 (f) Grants.gov has two preregistration requirements: A DUNS number
and an active registration in the SAM. See Item 1 above for
instructions on obtaining a DUNS number and registering in the SAM.

C. A Complete Application Must Meet the Following Requirements

1. To be considered for support, you must be an eligible entity and
must submit a complete application by the deadline date. You should
consult the cost principles and general administrative requirements for
grants pertaining to their organizational type in order to prepare the
budget and complete other parts of the application. You also must
demonstrate compliance (or intent to comply), through certification or
other means, with a number of public policy requirements. Applications
should be prepared in conformance with the provisions in 2 CFR parts
180, 182, and regulations applicable to USDA including 2 CFR parts 421,
and 417.
 2. Applicants must complete and submit the following forms to apply
for a RFP grant:
 (a) Standard Form 424, ``Application for Federal Assistance.''
 (b) Standard Form 424A, ``Budget Information--Non-Construction
Programs.''
 (c) Standard Form 424B, ``Assurances--Non-Construction Programs.''
 (d) Standard Form LLL, ``Disclosure of Lobbying Activity.''
 (e) Form RD 400-1, ``Equal Opportunity Agreement.''
 (f) Form RD 400-4, ``Assurance Agreement (Under Title VI, Civil
Rights Act of 1964).
 3. The project proposal should outline the project in sufficient
detail to provide a reader with a complete understanding of how the
loan program will work. Explain what you will accomplish by lending
funds to eligible entities. Demonstrate the feasibility of the proposed
loan program in meeting the objectives of this grant program. The
proposal should cover the following elements:
 (a) Present a brief project overview. Explain the purpose of the
project, how it relates to RUS's purposes, how you will carry out the
project, what the project will produce, and who will direct it.
 (b) Describe why the project is necessary. Demonstrate that
eligible entities need loan funds. Quantify the number of prospective
borrowers or provide statistical or narrative evidence that a
sufficient number of borrowers will exist to justify the grant award.
Describe the service area. Address community needs.
 (c) Clearly state your project goals. Your objectives should
clearly describe the goals and be concrete and specific enough to be
quantitative or observable. They should also be feasible and relate to
the purpose of the loan program.
 (d) The narrative should cover in more detail the items briefly
described in the Project Summary. It should establish the basis for any
claims that you have substantial expertise in promoting the safe and
productive use of revolving funds. In describing what the project will
achieve, you should tell the reader if it also will have broader
influence. The narrative should address the following points:
 (1) Document your ability to administer and service a revolving
fund in accordance with the provisions of 7 CFR part 1783.

[[Page 7832]]

(2) Document your ability to commit financial resources to
establish the RFP with funds your organization controls. This
documentation should describe the sources of funds other than the RFP
grant that will be used to pay your operational costs and provide
financial assistance for projects.
 (3) Demonstrate that you have secured commitments of significant
financial support from other funding sources, if appropriate.
 (4) List the fees and charges that borrowers will be assessed.
 (e) The work plan must describe the tasks and activities that will
be accomplished with available resources during the grant period. It
must show the work you plan to do to achieve the anticipated outcomes,
goals, and objectives set out for the RFP. The plan must:
 (1) Describe the work to be performed by each person.
 (2) Give a schedule or timetable of work to be done.
 (3) Show evidence of previous experience with the techniques to be
used or their successful use by others.
 (4) Outline the loan program to include the following: specific
loan purposes, a loan application process, priorities, borrower
eligibility criteria, limitations, fees, interest rates, terms, and
collateral requirements.
 (5) Provide a marketing plan.
 (6) Explain the mechanics of how you will transfer loan funds to
the borrowers.
 (7) Describe follow-up or continuing activities that should occur
after project completion such as monitoring and reporting borrowers'
accomplishments.
 (8) Describe how the results will be evaluated. The evaluation
criteria should be in line with the project objectives.
 (9) List all personnel responsible for administering this program
along with a statement of their qualifications and experience.
 (f) The written justification for projected costs should explain
how budget figures were determined for each category. It should
indicate which costs are to be covered by grant funds and which costs
will be met by your organization or other organizations. The
justification should account for all expenditures discussed in the
narrative. It should reflect appropriate cost-sharing contributions.
The budget justification should explain the budget and accounting
system proposed or in place. The administrative costs for operating the
budget should be expressed as a percentage of the overall budget. The
budget justification should provide specific budget figures, rounding
off figures to the nearest dollar. Applicants should consult OMB
Circular A-122: ``Cost Principles for Non-Profit Organizations'' or any
successor guidance for information about appropriate costs for each
budget category.
 (g) In addition to completing the standard application forms, you
must submit:
 (1) Supplementary material that demonstrate that your organization
is legally recognized under state or Tribal and Federal law.
Satisfactory documentation includes, but is not limited to,
certificates from the Secretary of State, or copies of state statutes
or laws establishing your organization. Letters from the IRS awarding
tax-exempt status are not considered adequate evidence.
 (2) A certified list of directors and officers with their
respective terms.
 (3) Evidence of tax exempt status from the IRS.
 (4) Debarment and suspension information is required in accordance
with 2 CFR part 417 (Nonprocurement Debarment and Suspension)
supplemented by 2 CFR part 180, if it applies. The section heading is
``What information must I provide before entering into a covered
transaction with the Federal Government?'' located at 2 CFR 180.335. It
is part of OMB's Guidance for Grants and Agreements concerning
Government-wide Debarment and Suspension.
 (5) All of your organization's known workplaces by including the
actual address of buildings (or parts of buildings) or other sites
where work under the award takes place. Workplace identification is
required under the drug-free workplace requirements in subpart B of 2
CFR part 421, which adopts the Governmentwide implementation (2 CFR
part 182) of the Drug-Free Workplace Act.
 (6) The most recent audit of your organization.
 (7) The following financial statements:
 i. A pro forma balance sheet at start-up and for at least three
additional years; Balance sheets, income statements, and cash flow
statements for the last three years.
 ii. If your organization has been formed less than three years, the
financial statements should be submitted for the periods from inception
to the present. Projected income and cash flow statements for at least
three years supported by a list of assumptions showing the basis for
the projections. The projected income statement and balance sheet must
include one set of projections that shows the revolving loan fund only
and a separate set of projections that shows your organization's total
operations.
 (8) Additional information to support and describe your plan for
achieving the grant objectives. The information may be regarded as
essential for understanding and evaluating the project and may be found
in letters of support, as resolutions, policies, and other relevant
documents. The supplements may be presented in appendices to the
proposal.

V. Application Review Information

A. Within 30 days of receiving your application, RUS will send you
a letter of acknowledgment. Your application will be reviewed for
completeness to determine if you included all of the items required. If
your application is incomplete or ineligible, RUS will return it to you
with an explanation.
 B. A review team, composed of at least two RUS staff members, will
evaluate all applications and proposals. They will make overall
recommendations based on factors such as eligibility, application
completeness, and conformity to application requirements. They will
score the applications based on criteria in the next section.
 C. All applications that are complete and eligible will be ranked
competitively based on the following scoring criteria:
 1. Degree of expertise and successful experience in making and
servicing commercial loans, with a successful record, for the following
number of full years:
 (a) At least 1 but less than 3 years--5 points.
 (b) At least 3 but less than 5 years--10 points.
 (c) At least 5 but less than 10 years--20 points.
 (d) 10 or more years--30 points.
 2. Extent to which the work plan demonstrates a well thought out,
comprehensive approach to accomplishing the objectives of this part,
clearly defines who will be served by the project, clearly articulates
the problem/issues to be addressed, identifies the service area to be
covered by the RFP loans and appears likely to be sustainable; up to 40
points
 3. Percentage of applicant contributions. Points allowed under this
paragraph will be based on written evidence of the availability of
funds from sources other than the proceeds of an RFP grant to pay part
of the cost of a loan recipient's project. In-kind contributions will
not be considered. Funds from other sources as a percentage of the RFP
grant and points

[[Page 7833]]

corresponding to such percentages are as follows:
 (a) Less than 20 percent--ineligible.
 (b) At least 20 percent but less than 50 percent--10 points.
 (c) 50 percent or more--20 points.
 4. Extent to which the goals and objectives are clearly defined,
tied to the work plan, and are measurable; up to 15 points.
 5. Lowest ratio of projected administrative expenses to loans
advanced; up to 10 points.
 6. The evaluation methods for considering loan applications and
making RFP loans are specific to the program, clearly defined,
measurable, and are consistent with program outcomes; up to 20 points.
 7. Administrator's discretion points may be awarded based on the
following:
 (a) Directs loans to the smallest communities with the lowest
incomes emphasizing areas where according to the American Community
Survey data by census tracts show that at least 20 percent of the
population is living in poverty. This emphasis will support Rural
Development's goal of providing 20 percent of its funding by 2016 to
these areas of need.
 (b) Directs loans to areas which lack running water, flush toilets,
and modern sewage disposal systems, and areas which have open sewers
and high rates of disease caused by poor sanitation, in particular,
colonias or Substantially Underserved Trust Areas.
 (c) Directs loans that emphasize energy and water efficient
components to reduce costs and increase sustainability of rural
systems; up to 10 points.

VI. Award Administration Information

A. RUS will rank all qualifying applications by their final score.
Applications will be selected for funding, based on the highest scores
and the availability of funding for RFP grants. Each applicant will be
notified in writing of the score its application receives.
 B. In making its decision about your application, RUS may determine
that your application is:
 1. Eligible and selected for funding,
 2. Eligible but offered fewer funds than requested,
 3. Eligible but not selected for funding, or
 4. Ineligible for the grant.
 C. In accordance with 7 CFR part 1900, subpart B, you generally
have the right to appeal adverse decisions under 7 CFR part 11. Some
adverse decisions cannot be appealed. For example, if you are denied
RUS funding due to a lack of funds available for the grant program,
this decision cannot be appealed. However, you may make a request to
the National Appeals Division (NAD) to review the accuracy of our
finding that the decision cannot be appealed. The appeal must be in
writing and filed at the appropriate Regional Office, which can be
found at http://www.nad.usda.gov/ or by calling (703) 305-1166.
 D. Applicants selected for funding will complete a grant agreement,
which outlines the terms and conditions of the grant award.
 E. Grantees will be reimbursed as follows:
 1. SF-270, ``Request for Advance or Reimbursement,'' will be
completed by the grantee in accordance with 7 CFR part 3000 or any
successor regulations.
 2. Upon receipt of a properly completed SF-270, the funds will be
requested through the field office terminal system. Ordinarily, payment
will be made within 30 days after receipt of a proper request for
reimbursement.
 3. Grantees are encouraged to use women- and minority-owned banks
(a bank which is owned at least 50 percent by women or minority group
members) for the deposit and disbursement of funds.
 F. Any change in the scope of the project, budget adjustments of
more than 10 percent of the total budget, or any other significant
change in the project must be reported to and approved by the approval
official by written amendment to the grant agreement. Any change not
approved may be cause for termination of the grant.
 G. Grantees shall constantly monitor performance to ensure that
time schedules are being met, projected work by time periods is being
accomplished, and other performance objectives are being achieved. The
Grantee will provide project reports as follows:
 1. SF-425, ``Financial Status Report (short form),'' and a project
performance activity report will be required of all grantees on a
quarterly basis, due 30 days after the end of each quarter.
 2. A final project performance report will be required with the
last SF-425 due 90 days after the end of the last quarter in which the
project is completed. The final report may serve as the last quarterly
report.
 3. All multi-State grantees are to submit an original of each
report to the National Office. Grantees serving only one State are to
submit an original of each report to the State Office. The project
performance reports should detail, preferably in a narrative format,
activities that have transpired for the specific time period.
 H. The grantee will provide an audit report or financial statements
as follows:
 1. Grantees expending $500,000 or more Federal funds per fiscal
year will submit an audit conducted in accordance 7 CFR part 3052 or
any successor regulation with OMB Circular A-133 or any successor
guidance from OMB. The audit will be submitted within 9 months after
the grantee's fiscal year. Additional audits may be required if the
project period covers more than one fiscal year.
 2. Grantees expending less than $500,000 will provide annual
financial statements covering the grant period, consisting of the
organization's statement of income and expense and balance sheet signed
by an appropriate official of the organization. Financial statements
will be submitted within 90 days after the grantee's fiscal year.
 3. Recipient and Subrecipient Reporting.
 The applicant must have the necessary processes and systems in
place to comply with the reporting requirements for first-tier sub-
awards and executive compensation under the Federal Funding
Accountability and Transparency Act of 2006 in the event the applicant
receives funding unless such applicant is exempt from such reporting
requirements pursuant to 2 CFR part 170, Sec. 170.110(b). The
reporting requirements under the Transparency Act pursuant to 2 CFR
part 170 are as follows:
 (a) First Tier Sub-Awards of $25,000 or more in non-Recovery Act
funds (unless they are exempt under 2 CFR part 170) must be reported by
the Recipient to http://www.fsrs.gov no later than the end of the month
following the month the obligation was made. Please note that currently
underway is a consolidation of eight federal procurement systems,
including the Sub-award Reporting System (FSRS), into one system, the
System for Award Management (SAM). As result the FSRS will soon be
consolidated into and accessed through https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/.
 (b) The Total Compensation of the Recipient's Executives (5 most
highly compensated executives) must be reported by the Recipient (if
the Recipient meets the criteria under 2 CFR part 170) to
https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/ by the end of the month following the
month in which the award was made.
 (c) The Total Compensation of the Subrecipient's Executives (5 most
highly compensated executives) must be reported by the Subrecipient (if
the

[[Page 7834]]

Subrecipient meets the criteria under 2 CFR part 170) to the Recipient
by the end of the month following the month in which the subaward was
made.

VII. Agency Contacts

A. Web site: http://www.usda.gov/rus/water. The Rural Utilities
Service Web site maintains up-to-date resources and contact information
for the RFP.
 B. Phone: 202-720-9589.
 C. Fax: 202-690-0649.
 D. Email: Joyce M.Taylor@wdc.usda.gov
 E. Main point of contact: Joyce M. Taylor, Community Programs
Specialist, Water and Environmental Programs, Water Programs Division,
Rural Utilities Service, U.S. Department of Agriculture.

VIII. Non-Discrimination Statement

USDA Non-Discrimination Statement

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) prohibits discrimination
against its customers, employees, and applicants for employment on the
bases of race, color, national origin, age, disability, sex, gender
identity, religion, reprisal, and where applicable, political beliefs,
marital status, familial or parental status, sexual orientation, or all
or part of an individual's income is derived from any public assistance
program, or protected genetic information in employment or in any
program or activity conducted or funded by the Department. (Not all
prohibited bases will apply to all programs and/or employment
activities.)

How To File a Complaint

If you wish to file an employment complaint, you must contact your
agency's EEO Counselor within 45 days of the date of the alleged
discriminatory act, event, or in the case of a personnel action.
Additional information can be found online at
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_file.html.
 If you wish to file a Civil Rights program complaint of
discrimination, complete the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint Form
(PDF), found online at http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html, or
at any USDA office, or call (866) 632-
9992 to request the form. You may also write a letter containing all of
the information requested in the form. Send your completed complaint
form or letter to us by mail at U.S. Department of Agriculture,
Director, Office of Adjudication, 1400 Independence Avenue SW.,
Washington, DC 20250-9410, by fax (202) 690-7442 or email at
program.intake@usda.gov

Persons With Disabilities

Individuals who are deaf, hard of hearing or have speech
disabilities and you wish to file either an EEO or program complaint
please contact USDA through the Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339
or (800) 845-6136 (in Spanish).
 Persons with disabilities who wish to file a program complaint,
please see information above on how to contact us by mail directly or
by email. If you require alternative means of communication for program
information (e.g., Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.) please
contact USDA's TARGET Center at (202) 720-2600 (voice and TDD).

Dated: January 6, 2015.
Jasper Schneider,
Acting Administrator, Rural Utilities Service.
[FR Doc. 2015-02702 Filed 2-11-15; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE 3410-15-P


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              18 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 12, 2015 Thursday

Announcement of Grant and Loan Application Deadlines

LENGTH: 5512  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Federal Register, Government of USA has issued the following news
release:


Action

Notice Of Solicitation Of Applications.
Summary

The Rural Utilities Service (RUS) announces its Revolving Fund Program (RFP)
application window for Fiscal Year (FY) 2015.

The RFP is authorized under section 306(a)(2)(B) of the Consolidated Farm and
Rural Development Act (Con Act), 7 U.S.C. 1926 (a)(2)(B). Under the RFP,
qualified private, non-profit organizations may receive RFP grant funds to
establish a lending program for eligible entities. Eligible entities for the
revolving loan fund will be the same entities eligible, under paragraph 1 or 2
of Section 306(a) of the Con Act, 7 U.S.C. 1926(a)(1) or (b)(2), to obtain a
loan, loan guarantee, or grant from the RUS Water, Waste Disposal and Wastewater
loan and grant programs.

This year administrative discretion points may be awarded for work plans that:
Direct loans to the smallest communities with the lowest incomes emphasizing
areas where according to the American Community Survey data by census tracts
show that at least 20 percent of the population is living in poverty. This
emphasis will support Rural Development's goal of providing 20 percent of its
funding by 2016 to these areas of need;

Direct loans to areas that lack running water, flush toilets, and modern sewage
disposal systems, and areas which have open sewers and high rates of disease
caused by poor sanitation, in particular, colonias or Substantially Underserved
Trust Areas; and

Direct loans that emphasize energy and water efficient components to reduce
costs and increase sustainability of rural systems.

RUS will publish on its Web site at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/UWP-revolvingfund.html the amount of funding received
in the FY2015 Appropriations Act, if any.

Table of Contents Back to Top

DATES:
    ADDRESSES:
    FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT:
    SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:
    Overview
    Items in Supplementary Information
    I. Funding Opportunity
    II. Award Information
    III. Eligibility Information
    A. Who is eligible to apply?
    B. What are the basic eligibility requirements for a project?
    IV. Application and Submission Information
    A. The Grant Application Guide, Copies of Necessary Forms and Samples, and
the RFP Regulation Are Available From These Sources
    B. You May File an Application in Either Paper or Electronic Format
    C. A Complete Application Must Meet the Following Requirements
    V. Application Review Information
    VI. Award Administration Information
    VII. Agency Contacts
    VIII. Non-Discrimination Statement
    USDA Non-Discrimination Statement
    How To File a Complaint
    Persons With Disabilities

DATES: Back to Top

You may submit completed applications for grants on paper or electronically
according to the following deadlines:

Paper copies must be postmarked and mailed, shipped, or sent overnight no later
than April 13, 2015 to be eligible for FY2015 grant funding. Late or incomplete
applications will not be eligible for FY2015 grant funding.
    Electronic copies must be received by April 13, 2015 to be eligible for
FY2015 grant funding. Late or incomplete applications will not be eligible for
FY2015 grant funding.

ADDRESSES: Back to Top

You may obtain application guides and materials for the RFP program at the Water
and Environmental Programs (WEP) Web site:
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/UWP-revolvingfund.html. You may also request
application guides and materials by contacting Joyce M. Taylor at (202)
720-0499.

Submit completed paper applications for RFP grants to the Rural Utilities
Service, U.S. Department of Agriculture, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Room
2233, STOP 1570, Washington, DC 20250-1570. Applications should be marked
Attention: Joyce M. Taylor, Water and Environmental Programs.

Submit electronic grant applications at http://www.grants.gov (Grants.gov) and
follow the instructions you find on that Web site.
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Back to Top

Joyce M. Taylor, Community Programs Specialist, Water Programs Division, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, Rural Utilities Service, STOP 1570, Room 2233-S, 1400
Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-1570; Telephone: (202) 720-0499:
Fax: (202) 690-0649.
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Back to Top

Overview Back to Top

Federal Agency: Rural Utilities Service (RUS).

Funding Opportunity Title: Grant Program to Establish a Fund for Financing Water
and Wastewater Projects (Revolving Fund Program (RFP)).

Announcement Type: Solicitation of Applications.

Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance (CFDA) Number: 10.864.

Due Date for Applications: Applications must be mailed, shipped or submitted
electronically through Grants.gov no later than April 13, 2015 to be eligible
for FY2015 grant funding.
Items in Supplementary Information Back to Top

I. Funding Opportunity: Brief introduction to the RFP.

II. Award Information: To be determined.

III. Eligibility Information: Who is eligible, what kinds of projects are
eligible, what criteria determine basic eligibility.

IV. Application and Submission Information: Where to get application materials,
what constitutes a completed application, how and where to submit applications,
deadlines, items that are eligible.

V. Application Review Information: Considerations and preferences, scoring
criteria, review standards, selection information.

VI. Award Administration Information: Award notice information, award recipient
reporting requirements.

VII. Agency Contacts: Web, phone, fax, email, contact name.

VIII. Non-Discrimination Statement.
I. Funding Opportunity Back to Top

Drinking water systems are basic and vital to both health and economic
development. With dependable water facilities, rural communities can attract
families and businesses that will invest in the community and improve the
quality of life for all residents. Without dependable water facilities, the
communities cannot sustain economic development.

RUS provides financial and technical assistance to help communities bring safe
drinking water and sanitary, environmentally sound waste disposal facilities to
rural Americans. It supports the sound development of rural communities and the
growth of our economy without endangering the environment.

The Revolving Fund Program (RFP) has been established under 7 CFR part 1783 to
assist communities with water or wastewater systems. Qualified private,
non-profit organizations, who are selected for funding, will receive RFP grant
funds to establish a lending program for eligible entities. Eligible entities
for the revolving loan fund will be the same entities eligible to obtain a loan,
loan guarantee, or grant from the Water and Waste Disposal loan and grant
programs administered by RUS, under 7 U.S.C.1926(a)(1) and (2). As grant
recipients, the non-profit organizations will set up a revolving loan fund to
provide loans to finance predevelopment costs of water or wastewater projects,
or short-term small capital projects not part of the regular operation and
maintenance of current water and wastewater systems. The amount of financing to
an eligible entity shall not exceed $100,000.00 and shall be repaid in a term
not to exceed 10 years. The rate shall be determined in the approved grant work
plan.
II. Award Information Back to Top

Available funds: To be determined. This Notice is being issued prior to passage
of an FY2015 Appropriations Act, which may or may not provide an appropriation
for this program, in order to allow applicants sufficient time to prepare and
submit applications and to provide the Agency time to process the applications
in a timely fashion. Successful applications will be selected by RUS for funding
and subsequently awarded to the extent that funding may ultimately be made
available to RUS through appropriations. RUS will publish on its Web site the
amount of funding received in the final FY2015 Appropriations Act, if any.
III. Eligibility Information Back to Top
A. Who is eligible to apply?

An applicant is eligible to apply for the RFP grant if it:

1. Is a private, non-profit organization;

2. Is legally established and located within one of the following:

(a) A state within the United States;

(b) The District of Columbia;

(c) The Commonwealth of Puerto Rico; or

(d) A United States territory;

3. Has the legal capacity and authority to carry out the grant purpose;

4. Has a proven record of successfully operating a revolving loan fund to rural
areas;

5. Has capitalization acceptable to the Agency, and is composed of at least 51
percent of the outstanding interest or membership being citizens of the United
States or individuals who reside in the United States after being legally
admitted for permanent residence;

6. Has no delinquent debt to the Federal Government or no outstanding judgments
to repay a Federal debt;

7. Demonstrates that it possesses the financial, technical, and managerial
capability to comply with Federal and State laws and requirements; and

8. Is not a corporation that has been convicted of a felony (or had an officer
or agent acting on behalf of the corporation convicted of a felony) within the
past 24 months. Any Corporation that has any unpaid federal tax liability that
has been assessed, for which all judicial and administrative remedies have been
exhausted or have lapsed, and that is not being paid in a timely manner pursuant
to an agreement with the authority responsible for collecting the tax liability
is not eligible.
B. What are the basic eligibility requirements for a project?

1. The following activities are authorized under the RFP statute:

(a) Grant funds must be used to capitalize a revolving fund program for the
purpose of providing direct loan financing to eligible entities for
pre-development costs associated with proposed or with existing water and
wastewater systems, or,

(b) Short-term costs incurred for equipment replacement, small-scale extension
of services, or other small capital projects that are not part of the regular
operations and maintenance activities of existing water and wastewater systems.

2. Grant funds may not be used to pay any of the following:

(a) Payment of the Grant Recipient's administrative costs or expenses, or,

(b) Delinquent debt owed to the Federal Government.
IV. Application and Submission Information Back to Top
A. The Grant Application Guide, Copies of Necessary Forms and Samples, and the
RFP Regulation Are Available From These Sources

1. The Internet: http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/UWP-revolvingfund.html or
http://www.grants.gov.

2. For paper copies of these materials, you may call (202) 720-9589.
B. You May File an Application in Either Paper or Electronic Format

Whether you file a paper or an electronic application, you will need a DUNS
number.

1. DUNS Number.

The applicant for a grant must supply a Dun and Bradstreet Data Universal
Numbering System (DUNS) number as part of an application. The Standard Form 424
(SF-424) contains a field for the DUNS number. The applicant can obtain the DUNS
number free of charge by calling Dun and Bradstreet. Please see
http://fedgov.dnb.com/webform for more information on how to obtain a DUNS
number or how to verify your organization's number.

In accordance with 2 CFR part 25, whether applying electronically or by paper,
the applicant must register in the System for Award Management (SAM) (formerly
Central Contractor Registry, (CCR)) prior to submitting an application.
Applicants may register for the SAM at https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/.
The SAM registration must remain active with current information at all times
while RUS is considering an application or while a Federal Grant Award or loan
is active. To remain registered in the SAM database the applicant must review
and update the information in the SAM database annually from date of initial
registration or from the date of the last update. The applicant must ensure that
the information in the database is current, accurate, and complete.

2. Applications submitted by paper:

(a) Send or deliver paper applications by the U.S. Postal Service (USPS) or
courier delivery services to: Water and Environmental Programs, Rural Utilities
Service, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Attention: Joyce M. Taylor, Mail STOP
1570, Room 2233-S, Washington, DC 20250-1570.

(b) For paper applications mail or ensure delivery of an original paper
application (no stamped, photocopied, or initialed signatures) and two copies by
the deadline date. The application and any materials sent with it become Federal
records by law and cannot be returned to you.

3. Electronically submitted applications:

(a) Applications will not be accepted by fax or electronic mail.

(b) Electronic applications for grants will be accepted if submitted through
Grants.gov at http://www.grants.gov.

(c) Applicants must preregister successfully with Grants.gov to use the
electronic applications option. Application information may be downloaded from
Grants.gov without preregistration.

(d) Applicants who apply through Grants.gov should submit their electronic
applications before the deadline.

(e) Grants.gov contains full instructions on all required passwords,
credentialing, and software. Follow the instructions at Grants.gov for
registering and submitting an electronic application.

(f) Grants.gov has two preregistration requirements: A DUNS number and an active
registration in the SAM. See Item 1 above for instructions on obtaining a DUNS
number and registering in the SAM.
C. A Complete Application Must Meet the Following Requirements

1. To be considered for support, you must be an eligible entity and must submit
a complete application by the deadline date. You should consult the cost
principles and general administrative requirements for grants pertaining to
their organizational type in order to prepare the budget and complete other
parts of the application. You also must demonstrate compliance (or intent to
comply), through certification or other means, with a number of public policy
requirements. Applications should be prepared in conformance with the provisions
in 2 CFR parts 180, 182, and regulations applicable to USDA including 2 CFR
parts 421, and 417.

2. Applicants must complete and submit the following forms to apply for a RFP
grant:

(a) Standard Form 424, "Application for Federal Assistance."

(b) Standard Form 424A, "Budget Information--Non-Construction Programs."

(c) Standard Form 424B, "Assurances--Non-Construction Programs."

(d) Standard Form LLL, "Disclosure of Lobbying Activity."

(e) Form RD 400-1, "Equal Opportunity Agreement."

(f) Form RD 400-4, "Assurance Agreement (Under Title VI, Civil Rights Act of
1964).

3. The project proposal should outline the project in sufficient detail to
provide a reader with a complete understanding of how the loan program will
work. Explain what you will accomplish by lending funds to eligible entities.
Demonstrate the feasibility of the proposed loan program in meeting the
objectives of this grant program. The proposal should cover the following
elements:

(a) Present a brief project overview. Explain the purpose of the project, how it
relates to RUS's purposes, how you will carry out the project, what the project
will produce, and who will direct it.

(b) Describe why the project is necessary. Demonstrate that eligible entities
need loan funds. Quantify the number of prospective borrowers or provide
statistical or narrative evidence that a sufficient number of borrowers will
exist to justify the grant award. Describe the service area. Address community
needs.

(c) Clearly state your project goals. Your objectives should clearly describe
the goals and be concrete and specific enough to be quantitative or observable.
They should also be feasible and relate to the purpose of the loan program.

(d) The narrative should cover in more detail the items briefly described in the
Project Summary. It should establish the basis for any claims that you have
substantial expertise in promoting the safe and productive use of revolving
funds. In describing what the project will achieve, you should tell the reader
if it also will have broader influence. The narrative should address the
following points:

(1) Document your ability to administer and service a revolving fund in
accordance with the provisions of 7 CFR part 1783.

(2) Document your ability to commit financial resources to establish the RFP
with funds your organization controls. This documentation should describe the
sources of funds other than the RFP grant that will be used to pay your
operational costs and provide financial assistance for projects.

(3) Demonstrate that you have secured commitments of significant financial
support from other funding sources, if appropriate.

(4) List the fees and charges that borrowers will be assessed.

(e) The work plan must describe the tasks and activities that will be
accomplished with available resources during the grant period. It must show the
work you plan to do to achieve the anticipated outcomes, goals, and objectives
set out for the RFP. The plan must:

(1) Describe the work to be performed by each person.

(2) Give a schedule or timetable of work to be done.

(3) Show evidence of previous experience with the techniques to be used or their
successful use by others.

(4) Outline the loan program to include the following: specific loan purposes, a
loan application process, priorities, borrower eligibility criteria,
limitations, fees, interest rates, terms, and collateral requirements.

(5) Provide a marketing plan.

(6) Explain the mechanics of how you will transfer loan funds to the borrowers.

(7) Describe follow-up or continuing activities that should occur after project
completion such as monitoring and reporting borrowers' accomplishments.

(8) Describe how the results will be evaluated. The evaluation criteria should
be in line with the project objectives.

(9) List all personnel responsible for administering this program along with a
statement of their qualifications and experience.

(f) The written justification for projected costs should explain how budget
figures were determined for each category. It should indicate which costs are to
be covered by grant funds and which costs will be met by your organization or
other organizations. The justification should account for all expenditures
discussed in the narrative. It should reflect appropriate cost-sharing
contributions. The budget justification should explain the budget and accounting
system proposed or in place. The administrative costs for operating the budget
should be expressed as a percentage of the overall budget. The budget
justification should provide specific budget figures, rounding off figures to
the nearest dollar. Applicants should consult OMB Circular A-122: "Cost
Principles for Non-Profit Organizations" or any successor guidance for
information about appropriate costs for each budget category.

(g) In addition to completing the standard application forms, you must submit:

(1) Supplementary material that demonstrate that your organization is legally
recognized under state or Tribal and Federal law. Satisfactory documentation
includes, but is not limited to, certificates from the Secretary of State, or
copies of state statutes or laws establishing your organization. Letters from
the IRS awarding tax-exempt status are not considered adequate evidence.

(2) A certified list of directors and officers with their respective terms.

(3) Evidence of tax exempt status from the IRS.

(4) Debarment and suspension information is required in accordance with 2 CFR
part 417 (Nonprocurement Debarment and Suspension) supplemented by 2 CFR part
180, if it applies. The section heading is "What information must I provide
before entering into a covered transaction with the Federal Government?" located
at 2 CFR 180.335. It is part of OMB's Guidance for Grants and Agreements
concerning Government-wide Debarment and Suspension.

(5) All of your organization's known workplaces by including the actual address
of buildings (or parts of buildings) or other sites where work under the award
takes place. Workplace identification is required under the drug-free workplace
requirements in subpart B of 2 CFR part 421, which adopts the Governmentwide
implementation (2 CFR part 182) of the Drug-Free Workplace Act.

(6) The most recent audit of your organization.

(7) The following financial statements:

i. A pro forma balance sheet at start-up and for at least three additional
years; Balance sheets, income statements, and cash flow statements for the last
three years.

ii. If your organization has been formed less than three years, the financial
statements should be submitted for the periods from inception to the present.
Projected income and cash flow statements for at least three years supported by
a list of assumptions showing the basis for the projections. The projected
income statement and balance sheet must include one set of projections that
shows the revolving loan fund only and a separate set of projections that shows
your organization's total operations.

(8) Additional information to support and describe your plan for achieving the
grant objectives. The information may be regarded as essential for understanding
and evaluating the project and may be found in letters of support, as
resolutions, policies, and other relevant documents. The supplements may be
presented in appendices to the proposal.
V. Application Review Information Back to Top

A. Within 30 days of receiving your application, RUS will send you a letter of
acknowledgment. Your application will be reviewed for completeness to determine
if you included all of the items required. If your application is incomplete or
ineligible, RUS will return it to you with an explanation.

B. A review team, composed of at least two RUS staff members, will evaluate all
applications and proposals. They will make overall recommendations based on
factors such as eligibility, application completeness, and conformity to
application requirements. They will score the applications based on criteria in
the next section.

C. All applications that are complete and eligible will be ranked competitively
based on the following scoring criteria:

1. Degree of expertise and successful experience in making and servicing
commercial loans, with a successful record, for the following number of full
years:

(a) At least 1 but less than 3 years--5 points.

(b) At least 3 but less than 5 years--10 points.

(c) At least 5 but less than 10 years--20 points.

(d) 10 or more years--30 points.

2. Extent to which the work plan demonstrates a well thought out, comprehensive
approach to accomplishing the objectives of this part, clearly defines who will
be served by the project, clearly articulates the problem/issues to be
addressed, identifies the service area to be covered by the RFP loans and
appears likely to be sustainable; up to 40 points

3. Percentage of applicant contributions. Points allowed under this paragraph
will be based on written evidence of the availability of funds from sources
other than the proceeds of an RFP grant to pay part of the cost of a loan
recipient's project. In-kind contributions will not be considered. Funds from
other sources as a percentage of the RFP grant and points corresponding to such
percentages are as follows:

(a) Less than 20 percent--ineligible.

(b) At least 20 percent but less than 50 percent--10 points.

(c) 50 percent or more--20 points.

4. Extent to which the goals and objectives are clearly defined, tied to the
work plan, and are measurable; up to 15 points.

5. Lowest ratio of projected administrative expenses to loans advanced; up to 10
points.

6. The evaluation methods for considering loan applications and making RFP loans
are specific to the program, clearly defined, measurable, and are consistent
with program outcomes; up to 20 points.

7. Administrator's discretion points may be awarded based on the following:

(a) Directs loans to the smallest communities with the lowest incomes
emphasizing areas where according to the American Community Survey data by
census tracts show that at least 20 percent of the population is living in
poverty. This emphasis will support Rural Development's goal of providing 20
percent of its funding by 2016 to these areas of need.

(b) Directs loans to areas which lack running water, flush toilets, and modern
sewage disposal systems, and areas which have open sewers and high rates of
disease caused by poor sanitation, in particular, colonias or Substantially
Underserved Trust Areas.

(c) Directs loans that emphasize energy and water efficient components to reduce
costs and increase sustainability of rural systems; up to 10 points.
VI. Award Administration Information Back to Top

A. RUS will rank all qualifying applications by their final score. Applications
will be selected for funding, based on the highest scores and the availability
of funding for RFP grants. Each applicant will be notified in writing of the
score its application receives.

B. In making its decision about your application, RUS may determine that your
application is:

1. Eligible and selected for funding,

2. Eligible but offered fewer funds than requested,

3. Eligible but not selected for funding, or

4. Ineligible for the grant.

C. In accordance with 7 CFR part 1900, subpart B, you generally have the right
to appeal adverse decisions under 7 CFR part 11. Some adverse decisions cannot
be appealed. For example, if you are denied RUS funding due to a lack of funds
available for the grant program, this decision cannot be appealed. However, you
may make a request to the National Appeals Division (NAD) to review the accuracy
of our finding that the decision cannot be appealed. The appeal must be in
writing and filed at the appropriate Regional Office, which can be found at
http://www.nad.usda.gov/ or by calling (703) 305-1166.

D. Applicants selected for funding will complete a grant agreement, which
outlines the terms and conditions of the grant award.

E. Grantees will be reimbursed as follows:

1. SF-270, "Request for Advance or Reimbursement," will be completed by the
grantee in accordance with 7 CFR part 3000 or any successor regulations.

2. Upon receipt of a properly completed SF-270, the funds will be requested
through the field office terminal system. Ordinarily, payment will be made
within 30 days after receipt of a proper request for reimbursement.

3. Grantees are encouraged to use women- and minority-owned banks (a bank which
is owned at least 50 percent by women or minority group members) for the deposit
and disbursement of funds.

F. Any change in the scope of the project, budget adjustments of more than 10
percent of the total budget, or any other significant change in the project must
be reported to and approved by the approval official by written amendment to the
grant agreement. Any change not approved may be cause for termination of the
grant.

G. Grantees shall constantly monitor performance to ensure that time schedules
are being met, projected work by time periods is being accomplished, and other
performance objectives are being achieved. The Grantee will provide project
reports as follows:

1. SF-425, "Financial Status Report (short form)," and a project performance
activity report will be required of all grantees on a quarterly basis, due 30
days after the end of each quarter.

2. A final project performance report will be required with the last SF-425 due
90 days after the end of the last quarter in which the project is completed. The
final report may serve as the last quarterly report.

3. All multi-State grantees are to submit an original of each report to the
National Office. Grantees serving only one State are to submit an original of
each report to the State Office. The project performance reports should detail,
preferably in a narrative format, activities that have transpired for the
specific time period.

H. The grantee will provide an audit report or financial statements as follows:

1. Grantees expending $500,000 or more Federal funds per fiscal year will submit
an audit conducted in accordance 7 CFR part 3052 or any successor regulation
with OMB Circular A-133 or any successor guidance from OMB. The audit will be
submitted within 9 months after the grantee's fiscal year. Additional audits may
be required if the project period covers more than one fiscal year.

2. Grantees expending less than $500,000 will provide annual financial
statements covering the grant period, consisting of the organization's statement
of income and expense and balance sheet signed by an appropriate official of the
organization. Financial statements will be submitted within 90 days after the
grantee's fiscal year.

3. Recipient and Subrecipient Reporting.

The applicant must have the necessary processes and systems in place to comply
with the reporting requirements for first-tier sub-awards and executive
compensation under the Federal Funding Accountability and Transparency Act of
2006 in the event the applicant receives funding unless such applicant is exempt
from such reporting requirements pursuant to 2 CFR part 170, § 170.110(b). The
reporting requirements under the Transparency Act pursuant to 2 CFR part 170 are
as follows:

(a) First Tier Sub-Awards of $25,000 or more in non-Recovery Act funds (unless
they are exempt under 2 CFR part 170) must be reported by the Recipient to
http://www.fsrs.gov no later than the end of the month following the month the
obligation was made. Please note that currently underway is a consolidation of
eight federal procurement systems, including the Sub-award Reporting System
(FSRS), into one system, the System for Award Management (SAM). As result the
FSRS will soon be consolidated into and accessed through
https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/.

(b) The Total Compensation of the Recipient's Executives (5 most highly
compensated executives) must be reported by the Recipient (if the Recipient
meets the criteria under 2 CFR part 170) to
https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/ by the end of the month following the
month in which the award was made.

(c) The Total Compensation of the Subrecipient's Executives (5 most highly
compensated executives) must be reported by the Subrecipient (if the
Subrecipient meets the criteria under 2 CFR part 170) to the Recipient by the
end of the month following the month in which the subaward was made.
VII. Agency Contacts Back to Top

A. Web site: http://www.usda.gov/rus/water. The Rural Utilities Service Web site
maintains up-to-date resources and contact information for the RFP.

B. Phone: 202-720-9589.

C. Fax: 202-690-0649.

D. Email: Joyce M.Taylor@wdc.usda.gov

E. Main point of contact: Joyce M. Taylor, Community Programs Specialist, Water
and Environmental Programs, Water Programs Division, Rural Utilities Service,
U.S. Department of Agriculture.
VIII. Non-Discrimination Statement Back to Top
USDA Non-Discrimination Statement

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) prohibits discrimination against its
customers, employees, and applicants for employment on the bases of race, color,
national origin, age, disability, sex, gender identity, religion, reprisal, and
where applicable, political beliefs, marital status, familial or parental
status, sexual orientation, or all or part of an individual's income is derived
from any public assistance program, or protected genetic information in
employment or in any program or activity conducted or funded by the Department.
(Not all prohibited bases will apply to all programs and/or employment
activities.)
How To File a Complaint

If you wish to file an employment complaint, you must contact your agency's EEO
Counselor within 45 days of the date of the alleged discriminatory act, event,
or in the case of a personnel action. Additional information can be found online
at http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_file.html.

If you wish to file a Civil Rights program complaint of discrimination, complete
the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint Form (PDF), found online at
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html, or at any USDA office, or
call (866) 632-9992 to request the form. You may also write a letter containing
all of the information requested in the form. Send your completed complaint form
or letter to us by mail at U.S. Department of Agriculture, Director, Office of
Adjudication, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-9410, by fax
(202) 690-7442 or email at program.intake@usda.gov
Persons With Disabilities

Individuals who are deaf, hard of hearing or have speech disabilities and you
wish to file either an EEO or program complaint please contact USDA through the
Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339 or (800) 845-6136 (in Spanish).

Persons with disabilities who wish to file a program complaint, please see
information above on how to contact us by mail directly or by email. If you
require alternative means of communication for program information (e.g.,
Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.) please contact USDA's TARGET Center at
(202) 720-2600 (voice and TDD).

Dated: January 6, 2015.

Jasper Schneider,

Acting Administrator, Rural Utilities Service.


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              19 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 12, 2015 Thursday

Announcement of Grant and Loan Application Deadlines

LENGTH: 5512  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Federal Register, Government of USA has issued the following news
release:


Action

Notice Of Solicitation Of Applications.
Summary

The Rural Utilities Service (RUS) announces its Revolving Fund Program (RFP)
application window for Fiscal Year (FY) 2015.

The RFP is authorized under section 306(a)(2)(B) of the Consolidated Farm and
Rural Development Act (Con Act), 7 U.S.C. 1926 (a)(2)(B). Under the RFP,
qualified private, non-profit organizations may receive RFP grant funds to
establish a lending program for eligible entities. Eligible entities for the
revolving loan fund will be the same entities eligible, under paragraph 1 or 2
of Section 306(a) of the Con Act, 7 U.S.C. 1926(a)(1) or (b)(2), to obtain a
loan, loan guarantee, or grant from the RUS Water, Waste Disposal and Wastewater
loan and grant programs.

This year administrative discretion points may be awarded for work plans that:
Direct loans to the smallest communities with the lowest incomes emphasizing
areas where according to the American Community Survey data by census tracts
show that at least 20 percent of the population is living in poverty. This
emphasis will support Rural Development's goal of providing 20 percent of its
funding by 2016 to these areas of need;

Direct loans to areas that lack running water, flush toilets, and modern sewage
disposal systems, and areas which have open sewers and high rates of disease
caused by poor sanitation, in particular, colonias or Substantially Underserved
Trust Areas; and

Direct loans that emphasize energy and water efficient components to reduce
costs and increase sustainability of rural systems.

RUS will publish on its Web site at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/UWP-revolvingfund.html the amount of funding received
in the FY2015 Appropriations Act, if any.

Table of Contents Back to Top

DATES:
    ADDRESSES:
    FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT:
    SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:
    Overview
    Items in Supplementary Information
    I. Funding Opportunity
    II. Award Information
    III. Eligibility Information
    A. Who is eligible to apply?
    B. What are the basic eligibility requirements for a project?
    IV. Application and Submission Information
    A. The Grant Application Guide, Copies of Necessary Forms and Samples, and
the RFP Regulation Are Available From These Sources
    B. You May File an Application in Either Paper or Electronic Format
    C. A Complete Application Must Meet the Following Requirements
    V. Application Review Information
    VI. Award Administration Information
    VII. Agency Contacts
    VIII. Non-Discrimination Statement
    USDA Non-Discrimination Statement
    How To File a Complaint
    Persons With Disabilities

DATES: Back to Top

You may submit completed applications for grants on paper or electronically
according to the following deadlines:

Paper copies must be postmarked and mailed, shipped, or sent overnight no later
than April 13, 2015 to be eligible for FY2015 grant funding. Late or incomplete
applications will not be eligible for FY2015 grant funding.
    Electronic copies must be received by April 13, 2015 to be eligible for
FY2015 grant funding. Late or incomplete applications will not be eligible for
FY2015 grant funding.

ADDRESSES: Back to Top

You may obtain application guides and materials for the RFP program at the Water
and Environmental Programs (WEP) Web site:
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/UWP-revolvingfund.html. You may also request
application guides and materials by contacting Joyce M. Taylor at (202)
720-0499.

Submit completed paper applications for RFP grants to the Rural Utilities
Service, U.S. Department of Agriculture, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Room
2233, STOP 1570, Washington, DC 20250-1570. Applications should be marked
Attention: Joyce M. Taylor, Water and Environmental Programs.

Submit electronic grant applications at http://www.grants.gov (Grants.gov) and
follow the instructions you find on that Web site.
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Back to Top

Joyce M. Taylor, Community Programs Specialist, Water Programs Division, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, Rural Utilities Service, STOP 1570, Room 2233-S, 1400
Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-1570; Telephone: (202) 720-0499:
Fax: (202) 690-0649.
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Back to Top

Overview Back to Top

Federal Agency: Rural Utilities Service (RUS).

Funding Opportunity Title: Grant Program to Establish a Fund for Financing Water
and Wastewater Projects (Revolving Fund Program (RFP)).

Announcement Type: Solicitation of Applications.

Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance (CFDA) Number: 10.864.

Due Date for Applications: Applications must be mailed, shipped or submitted
electronically through Grants.gov no later than April 13, 2015 to be eligible
for FY2015 grant funding.
Items in Supplementary Information Back to Top

I. Funding Opportunity: Brief introduction to the RFP.

II. Award Information: To be determined.

III. Eligibility Information: Who is eligible, what kinds of projects are
eligible, what criteria determine basic eligibility.

IV. Application and Submission Information: Where to get application materials,
what constitutes a completed application, how and where to submit applications,
deadlines, items that are eligible.

V. Application Review Information: Considerations and preferences, scoring
criteria, review standards, selection information.

VI. Award Administration Information: Award notice information, award recipient
reporting requirements.

VII. Agency Contacts: Web, phone, fax, email, contact name.

VIII. Non-Discrimination Statement.
I. Funding Opportunity Back to Top

Drinking water systems are basic and vital to both health and economic
development. With dependable water facilities, rural communities can attract
families and businesses that will invest in the community and improve the
quality of life for all residents. Without dependable water facilities, the
communities cannot sustain economic development.

RUS provides financial and technical assistance to help communities bring safe
drinking water and sanitary, environmentally sound waste disposal facilities to
rural Americans. It supports the sound development of rural communities and the
growth of our economy without endangering the environment.

The Revolving Fund Program (RFP) has been established under 7 CFR part 1783 to
assist communities with water or wastewater systems. Qualified private,
non-profit organizations, who are selected for funding, will receive RFP grant
funds to establish a lending program for eligible entities. Eligible entities
for the revolving loan fund will be the same entities eligible to obtain a loan,
loan guarantee, or grant from the Water and Waste Disposal loan and grant
programs administered by RUS, under 7 U.S.C.1926(a)(1) and (2). As grant
recipients, the non-profit organizations will set up a revolving loan fund to
provide loans to finance predevelopment costs of water or wastewater projects,
or short-term small capital projects not part of the regular operation and
maintenance of current water and wastewater systems. The amount of financing to
an eligible entity shall not exceed $100,000.00 and shall be repaid in a term
not to exceed 10 years. The rate shall be determined in the approved grant work
plan.
II. Award Information Back to Top

Available funds: To be determined. This Notice is being issued prior to passage
of an FY2015 Appropriations Act, which may or may not provide an appropriation
for this program, in order to allow applicants sufficient time to prepare and
submit applications and to provide the Agency time to process the applications
in a timely fashion. Successful applications will be selected by RUS for funding
and subsequently awarded to the extent that funding may ultimately be made
available to RUS through appropriations. RUS will publish on its Web site the
amount of funding received in the final FY2015 Appropriations Act, if any.
III. Eligibility Information Back to Top
A. Who is eligible to apply?

An applicant is eligible to apply for the RFP grant if it:

1. Is a private, non-profit organization;

2. Is legally established and located within one of the following:

(a) A state within the United States;

(b) The District of Columbia;

(c) The Commonwealth of Puerto Rico; or

(d) A United States territory;

3. Has the legal capacity and authority to carry out the grant purpose;

4. Has a proven record of successfully operating a revolving loan fund to rural
areas;

5. Has capitalization acceptable to the Agency, and is composed of at least 51
percent of the outstanding interest or membership being citizens of the United
States or individuals who reside in the United States after being legally
admitted for permanent residence;

6. Has no delinquent debt to the Federal Government or no outstanding judgments
to repay a Federal debt;

7. Demonstrates that it possesses the financial, technical, and managerial
capability to comply with Federal and State laws and requirements; and

8. Is not a corporation that has been convicted of a felony (or had an officer
or agent acting on behalf of the corporation convicted of a felony) within the
past 24 months. Any Corporation that has any unpaid federal tax liability that
has been assessed, for which all judicial and administrative remedies have been
exhausted or have lapsed, and that is not being paid in a timely manner pursuant
to an agreement with the authority responsible for collecting the tax liability
is not eligible.
B. What are the basic eligibility requirements for a project?

1. The following activities are authorized under the RFP statute:

(a) Grant funds must be used to capitalize a revolving fund program for the
purpose of providing direct loan financing to eligible entities for
pre-development costs associated with proposed or with existing water and
wastewater systems, or,

(b) Short-term costs incurred for equipment replacement, small-scale extension
of services, or other small capital projects that are not part of the regular
operations and maintenance activities of existing water and wastewater systems.

2. Grant funds may not be used to pay any of the following:

(a) Payment of the Grant Recipient's administrative costs or expenses, or,

(b) Delinquent debt owed to the Federal Government.
IV. Application and Submission Information Back to Top
A. The Grant Application Guide, Copies of Necessary Forms and Samples, and the
RFP Regulation Are Available From These Sources

1. The Internet: http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/UWP-revolvingfund.html or
http://www.grants.gov.

2. For paper copies of these materials, you may call (202) 720-9589.
B. You May File an Application in Either Paper or Electronic Format

Whether you file a paper or an electronic application, you will need a DUNS
number.

1. DUNS Number.

The applicant for a grant must supply a Dun and Bradstreet Data Universal
Numbering System (DUNS) number as part of an application. The Standard Form 424
(SF-424) contains a field for the DUNS number. The applicant can obtain the DUNS
number free of charge by calling Dun and Bradstreet. Please see
http://fedgov.dnb.com/webform for more information on how to obtain a DUNS
number or how to verify your organization's number.

In accordance with 2 CFR part 25, whether applying electronically or by paper,
the applicant must register in the System for Award Management (SAM) (formerly
Central Contractor Registry, (CCR)) prior to submitting an application.
Applicants may register for the SAM at https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/.
The SAM registration must remain active with current information at all times
while RUS is considering an application or while a Federal Grant Award or loan
is active. To remain registered in the SAM database the applicant must review
and update the information in the SAM database annually from date of initial
registration or from the date of the last update. The applicant must ensure that
the information in the database is current, accurate, and complete.

2. Applications submitted by paper:

(a) Send or deliver paper applications by the U.S. Postal Service (USPS) or
courier delivery services to: Water and Environmental Programs, Rural Utilities
Service, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Attention: Joyce M. Taylor, Mail STOP
1570, Room 2233-S, Washington, DC 20250-1570.

(b) For paper applications mail or ensure delivery of an original paper
application (no stamped, photocopied, or initialed signatures) and two copies by
the deadline date. The application and any materials sent with it become Federal
records by law and cannot be returned to you.

3. Electronically submitted applications:

(a) Applications will not be accepted by fax or electronic mail.

(b) Electronic applications for grants will be accepted if submitted through
Grants.gov at http://www.grants.gov.

(c) Applicants must preregister successfully with Grants.gov to use the
electronic applications option. Application information may be downloaded from
Grants.gov without preregistration.

(d) Applicants who apply through Grants.gov should submit their electronic
applications before the deadline.

(e) Grants.gov contains full instructions on all required passwords,
credentialing, and software. Follow the instructions at Grants.gov for
registering and submitting an electronic application.

(f) Grants.gov has two preregistration requirements: A DUNS number and an active
registration in the SAM. See Item 1 above for instructions on obtaining a DUNS
number and registering in the SAM.
C. A Complete Application Must Meet the Following Requirements

1. To be considered for support, you must be an eligible entity and must submit
a complete application by the deadline date. You should consult the cost
principles and general administrative requirements for grants pertaining to
their organizational type in order to prepare the budget and complete other
parts of the application. You also must demonstrate compliance (or intent to
comply), through certification or other means, with a number of public policy
requirements. Applications should be prepared in conformance with the provisions
in 2 CFR parts 180, 182, and regulations applicable to USDA including 2 CFR
parts 421, and 417.

2. Applicants must complete and submit the following forms to apply for a RFP
grant:

(a) Standard Form 424, "Application for Federal Assistance."

(b) Standard Form 424A, "Budget Information--Non-Construction Programs."

(c) Standard Form 424B, "Assurances--Non-Construction Programs."

(d) Standard Form LLL, "Disclosure of Lobbying Activity."

(e) Form RD 400-1, "Equal Opportunity Agreement."

(f) Form RD 400-4, "Assurance Agreement (Under Title VI, Civil Rights Act of
1964).

3. The project proposal should outline the project in sufficient detail to
provide a reader with a complete understanding of how the loan program will
work. Explain what you will accomplish by lending funds to eligible entities.
Demonstrate the feasibility of the proposed loan program in meeting the
objectives of this grant program. The proposal should cover the following
elements:

(a) Present a brief project overview. Explain the purpose of the project, how it
relates to RUS's purposes, how you will carry out the project, what the project
will produce, and who will direct it.

(b) Describe why the project is necessary. Demonstrate that eligible entities
need loan funds. Quantify the number of prospective borrowers or provide
statistical or narrative evidence that a sufficient number of borrowers will
exist to justify the grant award. Describe the service area. Address community
needs.

(c) Clearly state your project goals. Your objectives should clearly describe
the goals and be concrete and specific enough to be quantitative or observable.
They should also be feasible and relate to the purpose of the loan program.

(d) The narrative should cover in more detail the items briefly described in the
Project Summary. It should establish the basis for any claims that you have
substantial expertise in promoting the safe and productive use of revolving
funds. In describing what the project will achieve, you should tell the reader
if it also will have broader influence. The narrative should address the
following points:

(1) Document your ability to administer and service a revolving fund in
accordance with the provisions of 7 CFR part 1783.

(2) Document your ability to commit financial resources to establish the RFP
with funds your organization controls. This documentation should describe the
sources of funds other than the RFP grant that will be used to pay your
operational costs and provide financial assistance for projects.

(3) Demonstrate that you have secured commitments of significant financial
support from other funding sources, if appropriate.

(4) List the fees and charges that borrowers will be assessed.

(e) The work plan must describe the tasks and activities that will be
accomplished with available resources during the grant period. It must show the
work you plan to do to achieve the anticipated outcomes, goals, and objectives
set out for the RFP. The plan must:

(1) Describe the work to be performed by each person.

(2) Give a schedule or timetable of work to be done.

(3) Show evidence of previous experience with the techniques to be used or their
successful use by others.

(4) Outline the loan program to include the following: specific loan purposes, a
loan application process, priorities, borrower eligibility criteria,
limitations, fees, interest rates, terms, and collateral requirements.

(5) Provide a marketing plan.

(6) Explain the mechanics of how you will transfer loan funds to the borrowers.

(7) Describe follow-up or continuing activities that should occur after project
completion such as monitoring and reporting borrowers' accomplishments.

(8) Describe how the results will be evaluated. The evaluation criteria should
be in line with the project objectives.

(9) List all personnel responsible for administering this program along with a
statement of their qualifications and experience.

(f) The written justification for projected costs should explain how budget
figures were determined for each category. It should indicate which costs are to
be covered by grant funds and which costs will be met by your organization or
other organizations. The justification should account for all expenditures
discussed in the narrative. It should reflect appropriate cost-sharing
contributions. The budget justification should explain the budget and accounting
system proposed or in place. The administrative costs for operating the budget
should be expressed as a percentage of the overall budget. The budget
justification should provide specific budget figures, rounding off figures to
the nearest dollar. Applicants should consult OMB Circular A-122: "Cost
Principles for Non-Profit Organizations" or any successor guidance for
information about appropriate costs for each budget category.

(g) In addition to completing the standard application forms, you must submit:

(1) Supplementary material that demonstrate that your organization is legally
recognized under state or Tribal and Federal law. Satisfactory documentation
includes, but is not limited to, certificates from the Secretary of State, or
copies of state statutes or laws establishing your organization. Letters from
the IRS awarding tax-exempt status are not considered adequate evidence.

(2) A certified list of directors and officers with their respective terms.

(3) Evidence of tax exempt status from the IRS.

(4) Debarment and suspension information is required in accordance with 2 CFR
part 417 (Nonprocurement Debarment and Suspension) supplemented by 2 CFR part
180, if it applies. The section heading is "What information must I provide
before entering into a covered transaction with the Federal Government?" located
at 2 CFR 180.335. It is part of OMB's Guidance for Grants and Agreements
concerning Government-wide Debarment and Suspension.

(5) All of your organization's known workplaces by including the actual address
of buildings (or parts of buildings) or other sites where work under the award
takes place. Workplace identification is required under the drug-free workplace
requirements in subpart B of 2 CFR part 421, which adopts the Governmentwide
implementation (2 CFR part 182) of the Drug-Free Workplace Act.

(6) The most recent audit of your organization.

(7) The following financial statements:

i. A pro forma balance sheet at start-up and for at least three additional
years; Balance sheets, income statements, and cash flow statements for the last
three years.

ii. If your organization has been formed less than three years, the financial
statements should be submitted for the periods from inception to the present.
Projected income and cash flow statements for at least three years supported by
a list of assumptions showing the basis for the projections. The projected
income statement and balance sheet must include one set of projections that
shows the revolving loan fund only and a separate set of projections that shows
your organization's total operations.

(8) Additional information to support and describe your plan for achieving the
grant objectives. The information may be regarded as essential for understanding
and evaluating the project and may be found in letters of support, as
resolutions, policies, and other relevant documents. The supplements may be
presented in appendices to the proposal.
V. Application Review Information Back to Top

A. Within 30 days of receiving your application, RUS will send you a letter of
acknowledgment. Your application will be reviewed for completeness to determine
if you included all of the items required. If your application is incomplete or
ineligible, RUS will return it to you with an explanation.

B. A review team, composed of at least two RUS staff members, will evaluate all
applications and proposals. They will make overall recommendations based on
factors such as eligibility, application completeness, and conformity to
application requirements. They will score the applications based on criteria in
the next section.

C. All applications that are complete and eligible will be ranked competitively
based on the following scoring criteria:

1. Degree of expertise and successful experience in making and servicing
commercial loans, with a successful record, for the following number of full
years:

(a) At least 1 but less than 3 years--5 points.

(b) At least 3 but less than 5 years--10 points.

(c) At least 5 but less than 10 years--20 points.

(d) 10 or more years--30 points.

2. Extent to which the work plan demonstrates a well thought out, comprehensive
approach to accomplishing the objectives of this part, clearly defines who will
be served by the project, clearly articulates the problem/issues to be
addressed, identifies the service area to be covered by the RFP loans and
appears likely to be sustainable; up to 40 points

3. Percentage of applicant contributions. Points allowed under this paragraph
will be based on written evidence of the availability of funds from sources
other than the proceeds of an RFP grant to pay part of the cost of a loan
recipient's project. In-kind contributions will not be considered. Funds from
other sources as a percentage of the RFP grant and points corresponding to such
percentages are as follows:

(a) Less than 20 percent--ineligible.

(b) At least 20 percent but less than 50 percent--10 points.

(c) 50 percent or more--20 points.

4. Extent to which the goals and objectives are clearly defined, tied to the
work plan, and are measurable; up to 15 points.

5. Lowest ratio of projected administrative expenses to loans advanced; up to 10
points.

6. The evaluation methods for considering loan applications and making RFP loans
are specific to the program, clearly defined, measurable, and are consistent
with program outcomes; up to 20 points.

7. Administrator's discretion points may be awarded based on the following:

(a) Directs loans to the smallest communities with the lowest incomes
emphasizing areas where according to the American Community Survey data by
census tracts show that at least 20 percent of the population is living in
poverty. This emphasis will support Rural Development's goal of providing 20
percent of its funding by 2016 to these areas of need.

(b) Directs loans to areas which lack running water, flush toilets, and modern
sewage disposal systems, and areas which have open sewers and high rates of
disease caused by poor sanitation, in particular, colonias or Substantially
Underserved Trust Areas.

(c) Directs loans that emphasize energy and water efficient components to reduce
costs and increase sustainability of rural systems; up to 10 points.
VI. Award Administration Information Back to Top

A. RUS will rank all qualifying applications by their final score. Applications
will be selected for funding, based on the highest scores and the availability
of funding for RFP grants. Each applicant will be notified in writing of the
score its application receives.

B. In making its decision about your application, RUS may determine that your
application is:

1. Eligible and selected for funding,

2. Eligible but offered fewer funds than requested,

3. Eligible but not selected for funding, or

4. Ineligible for the grant.

C. In accordance with 7 CFR part 1900, subpart B, you generally have the right
to appeal adverse decisions under 7 CFR part 11. Some adverse decisions cannot
be appealed. For example, if you are denied RUS funding due to a lack of funds
available for the grant program, this decision cannot be appealed. However, you
may make a request to the National Appeals Division (NAD) to review the accuracy
of our finding that the decision cannot be appealed. The appeal must be in
writing and filed at the appropriate Regional Office, which can be found at
http://www.nad.usda.gov/ or by calling (703) 305-1166.

D. Applicants selected for funding will complete a grant agreement, which
outlines the terms and conditions of the grant award.

E. Grantees will be reimbursed as follows:

1. SF-270, "Request for Advance or Reimbursement," will be completed by the
grantee in accordance with 7 CFR part 3000 or any successor regulations.

2. Upon receipt of a properly completed SF-270, the funds will be requested
through the field office terminal system. Ordinarily, payment will be made
within 30 days after receipt of a proper request for reimbursement.

3. Grantees are encouraged to use women- and minority-owned banks (a bank which
is owned at least 50 percent by women or minority group members) for the deposit
and disbursement of funds.

F. Any change in the scope of the project, budget adjustments of more than 10
percent of the total budget, or any other significant change in the project must
be reported to and approved by the approval official by written amendment to the
grant agreement. Any change not approved may be cause for termination of the
grant.

G. Grantees shall constantly monitor performance to ensure that time schedules
are being met, projected work by time periods is being accomplished, and other
performance objectives are being achieved. The Grantee will provide project
reports as follows:

1. SF-425, "Financial Status Report (short form)," and a project performance
activity report will be required of all grantees on a quarterly basis, due 30
days after the end of each quarter.

2. A final project performance report will be required with the last SF-425 due
90 days after the end of the last quarter in which the project is completed. The
final report may serve as the last quarterly report.

3. All multi-State grantees are to submit an original of each report to the
National Office. Grantees serving only one State are to submit an original of
each report to the State Office. The project performance reports should detail,
preferably in a narrative format, activities that have transpired for the
specific time period.

H. The grantee will provide an audit report or financial statements as follows:

1. Grantees expending $500,000 or more Federal funds per fiscal year will submit
an audit conducted in accordance 7 CFR part 3052 or any successor regulation
with OMB Circular A-133 or any successor guidance from OMB. The audit will be
submitted within 9 months after the grantee's fiscal year. Additional audits may
be required if the project period covers more than one fiscal year.

2. Grantees expending less than $500,000 will provide annual financial
statements covering the grant period, consisting of the organization's statement
of income and expense and balance sheet signed by an appropriate official of the
organization. Financial statements will be submitted within 90 days after the
grantee's fiscal year.

3. Recipient and Subrecipient Reporting.

The applicant must have the necessary processes and systems in place to comply
with the reporting requirements for first-tier sub-awards and executive
compensation under the Federal Funding Accountability and Transparency Act of
2006 in the event the applicant receives funding unless such applicant is exempt
from such reporting requirements pursuant to 2 CFR part 170, § 170.110(b). The
reporting requirements under the Transparency Act pursuant to 2 CFR part 170 are
as follows:

(a) First Tier Sub-Awards of $25,000 or more in non-Recovery Act funds (unless
they are exempt under 2 CFR part 170) must be reported by the Recipient to
http://www.fsrs.gov no later than the end of the month following the month the
obligation was made. Please note that currently underway is a consolidation of
eight federal procurement systems, including the Sub-award Reporting System
(FSRS), into one system, the System for Award Management (SAM). As result the
FSRS will soon be consolidated into and accessed through
https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/.

(b) The Total Compensation of the Recipient's Executives (5 most highly
compensated executives) must be reported by the Recipient (if the Recipient
meets the criteria under 2 CFR part 170) to
https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/ by the end of the month following the
month in which the award was made.

(c) The Total Compensation of the Subrecipient's Executives (5 most highly
compensated executives) must be reported by the Subrecipient (if the
Subrecipient meets the criteria under 2 CFR part 170) to the Recipient by the
end of the month following the month in which the subaward was made.
VII. Agency Contacts Back to Top

A. Web site: http://www.usda.gov/rus/water. The Rural Utilities Service Web site
maintains up-to-date resources and contact information for the RFP.

B. Phone: 202-720-9589.

C. Fax: 202-690-0649.

D. Email: Joyce M.Taylor@wdc.usda.gov

E. Main point of contact: Joyce M. Taylor, Community Programs Specialist, Water
and Environmental Programs, Water Programs Division, Rural Utilities Service,
U.S. Department of Agriculture.
VIII. Non-Discrimination Statement Back to Top
USDA Non-Discrimination Statement

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) prohibits discrimination against its
customers, employees, and applicants for employment on the bases of race, color,
national origin, age, disability, sex, gender identity, religion, reprisal, and
where applicable, political beliefs, marital status, familial or parental
status, sexual orientation, or all or part of an individual's income is derived
from any public assistance program, or protected genetic information in
employment or in any program or activity conducted or funded by the Department.
(Not all prohibited bases will apply to all programs and/or employment
activities.)
How To File a Complaint

If you wish to file an employment complaint, you must contact your agency's EEO
Counselor within 45 days of the date of the alleged discriminatory act, event,
or in the case of a personnel action. Additional information can be found online
at http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_file.html.

If you wish to file a Civil Rights program complaint of discrimination, complete
the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint Form (PDF), found online at
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html, or at any USDA office, or
call (866) 632-9992 to request the form. You may also write a letter containing
all of the information requested in the form. Send your completed complaint form
or letter to us by mail at U.S. Department of Agriculture, Director, Office of
Adjudication, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-9410, by fax
(202) 690-7442 or email at program.intake@usda.gov
Persons With Disabilities

Individuals who are deaf, hard of hearing or have speech disabilities and you
wish to file either an EEO or program complaint please contact USDA through the
Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339 or (800) 845-6136 (in Spanish).

Persons with disabilities who wish to file a program complaint, please see
information above on how to contact us by mail directly or by email. If you
require alternative means of communication for program information (e.g.,
Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.) please contact USDA's TARGET Center at
(202) 720-2600 (voice and TDD).

Dated: January 6, 2015.

Jasper Schneider,

Acting Administrator, Rural Utilities Service.


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              20 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 12, 2015 Thursday

Washington: Announcement of Grant and Loan Application Deadlines

LENGTH: 5461  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Register has published the following document:

[Federal Register Volume 80, Number 29 (Thursday, February 12, 2015)]
[Notices]
[Pages 7829-7834]
From the Federal Register Online via the Government Printing Office
[www.gpo.gov]
[FR Doc No: 2015-02702]


-----------------------------------------------------------------------

DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE

Rural Utilities Service


Announcement of Grant and Loan Application Deadlines

AGENCY: Rural Utilities Service, USDA.

ACTION: Notice of Solicitation of Applications.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

SUMMARY: The Rural Utilities Service (RUS) announces its Revolving Fund
Program (RFP) application window for Fiscal Year (FY) 2015.
 The RFP is authorized under section 306(a)(2)(B) of the
Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (Con Act), 7 U.S.C. 1926
(a)(2)(B). Under the RFP, qualified private, non-profit organizations
may receive RFP grant funds to establish a lending program for eligible
entities. Eligible entities for the revolving loan fund will be the
same entities eligible, under paragraph 1 or 2 of Section 306(a) of the
Con Act, 7 U.S.C. 1926(a)(1) or (b)(2), to obtain a loan, loan
guarantee, or grant from the RUS Water, Waste Disposal and Wastewater
loan and grant programs.
 This year administrative discretion points may be awarded for work
plans that: Direct loans to the smallest communities with the lowest
incomes emphasizing areas where according to the American Community
Survey data by census tracts show that at least 20 percent of the
population is living in poverty. This emphasis will support Rural
Development's goal of providing 20 percent of its funding by 2016 to
these areas of need;
 Direct loans to areas that lack running water, flush toilets, and
modern sewage disposal systems, and areas which have open sewers and
high rates of disease caused by poor sanitation, in particular,
colonias or Substantially Underserved Trust Areas; and
 Direct loans that emphasize energy and water efficient components
to reduce costs and increase sustainability of rural systems.
 RUS will publish on its Web site at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/UWP-revolvingfund.html the amount of

[[Page 7830]]

funding received in the FY2015 Appropriations Act, if any.

DATES: You may submit completed applications for grants on paper or
electronically according to the following deadlines:
 Paper copies must be postmarked and mailed, shipped, or
sent overnight no later than April 13, 2015 to be eligible for FY2015
grant funding. Late or incomplete applications will not be eligible for
FY2015 grant funding.
 Electronic copies must be received by April 13, 2015 to be
eligible for FY2015 grant funding. Late or incomplete applications will
not be eligible for FY2015 grant funding.

ADDRESSES: You may obtain application guides and materials for the RFP
program at the Water and Environmental Programs (WEP) Web site:
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/UWP-revolvingfund.html. You may also request
application guides and materials by contacting Joyce M. Taylor at (202)
720-0499.
 Submit completed paper applications for RFP grants to the Rural
Utilities Service, U.S. Department of Agriculture, 1400 Independence
Avenue SW., Room 2233, STOP 1570, Washington, DC 20250-1570.
Applications should be marked Attention: Joyce M. Taylor, Water and
Environmental Programs.
 Submit electronic grant applications at http://www.grants.gov
(Grants.gov) and follow the instructions you find on that Web site.

FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Joyce M. Taylor, Community Programs
Specialist, Water Programs Division, U.S. Department of Agriculture,
Rural Utilities Service, STOP 1570, Room 2233-S, 1400 Independence
Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-1570; Telephone: (202) 720-0499: Fax:
(202) 690-0649.

SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:

Overview

Federal Agency: Rural Utilities Service (RUS).
 Funding Opportunity Title: Grant Program to Establish a Fund for
Financing Water and Wastewater Projects (Revolving Fund Program (RFP)).
 Announcement Type: Solicitation of Applications.
 Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance (CFDA) Number: 10.864.
 Due Date for Applications: Applications must be mailed, shipped or
submitted electronically through Grants.gov no later than April 13,
2015 to be eligible for FY2015 grant funding.

Items in Supplementary Information

I. Funding Opportunity: Brief introduction to the RFP.
II. Award Information: To be determined.
III. Eligibility Information: Who is eligible, what kinds of
projects are eligible, what criteria determine basic eligibility.
IV. Application and Submission Information: Where to get application
materials, what constitutes a completed application, how and where
to submit applications, deadlines, items that are eligible.
V. Application Review Information: Considerations and preferences,
scoring criteria, review standards, selection information.
VI. Award Administration Information: Award notice information,
award recipient reporting requirements.
VII. Agency Contacts: Web, phone, fax, email, contact name.
VIII. Non-Discrimination Statement.

I. Funding Opportunity

Drinking water systems are basic and vital to both health and
economic development. With dependable water facilities, rural
communities can attract families and businesses that will invest in the
community and improve the quality of life for all residents. Without
dependable water facilities, the communities cannot sustain economic
development.
 RUS provides financial and technical assistance to help communities
bring safe drinking water and sanitary, environmentally sound waste
disposal facilities to rural Americans. It supports the sound
development of rural communities and the growth of our economy without
endangering the environment.
 The Revolving Fund Program (RFP) has been established under 7 CFR
part 1783 to assist communities with water or wastewater systems.
Qualified private, non-profit organizations, who are selected for
funding, will receive RFP grant funds to establish a lending program
for eligible entities. Eligible entities for the revolving loan fund
will be the same entities eligible to obtain a loan, loan guarantee, or
grant from the Water and Waste Disposal loan and grant programs
administered by RUS, under 7 U.S.C.1926(a)(1) and (2). As grant
recipients, the non-profit organizations will set up a revolving loan
fund to provide loans to finance predevelopment costs of water or
wastewater projects, or short-term small capital projects not part of
the regular operation and maintenance of current water and wastewater
systems. The amount of financing to an eligible entity shall not exceed
$100,000.00 and shall be repaid in a term not to exceed 10 years. The
rate shall be determined in the approved grant work plan.

II. Award Information

Available funds: To be determined. This Notice is being issued
prior to passage of an FY2015 Appropriations Act, which may or may not
provide an appropriation for this program, in order to allow applicants
sufficient time to prepare and submit applications and to provide the
Agency time to process the applications in a timely fashion. Successful
applications will be selected by RUS for funding and subsequently
awarded to the extent that funding may ultimately be made available to
RUS through appropriations. RUS will publish on its Web site the amount
of funding received in the final FY2015 Appropriations Act, if any.

III. Eligibility Information

A. Who is eligible to apply?

An applicant is eligible to apply for the RFP grant if it:
 1. Is a private, non-profit organization;
 2. Is legally established and located within one of the following:
 (a) A state within the United States;
 (b) The District of Columbia;
 (c) The Commonwealth of Puerto Rico; or
 (d) A United States territory;
 3. Has the legal capacity and authority to carry out the grant
purpose;
 4. Has a proven record of successfully operating a revolving loan
fund to rural areas;
 5. Has capitalization acceptable to the Agency, and is composed of
at least 51 percent of the outstanding interest or membership being
citizens of the United States or individuals who reside in the United
States after being legally admitted for permanent residence;
 6. Has no delinquent debt to the Federal Government or no
outstanding judgments to repay a Federal debt;
 7. Demonstrates that it possesses the financial, technical, and
managerial capability to comply with Federal and State laws and
requirements; and
 8. Is not a corporation that has been convicted of a felony (or had
an officer or agent acting on behalf of the corporation convicted of a
felony) within the past 24 months. Any Corporation that has any unpaid
federal tax liability that has been assessed, for which all judicial
and administrative remedies have been exhausted or have lapsed, and
that is not being paid in a timely manner pursuant to an agreement with
the authority responsible for collecting the tax liability is not
eligible.

B. What are the basic eligibility requirements for a project?

1. The following activities are authorized under the RFP statute:

[[Page 7831]]

(a) Grant funds must be used to capitalize a revolving fund program
for the purpose of providing direct loan financing to eligible entities
for pre-development costs associated with proposed or with existing
water and wastewater systems, or,
 (b) Short-term costs incurred for equipment replacement, small-
scale extension of services, or other small capital projects that are
not part of the regular operations and maintenance activities of
existing water and wastewater systems.
 2. Grant funds may not be used to pay any of the following:
 (a) Payment of the Grant Recipient's administrative costs or
expenses, or,
 (b) Delinquent debt owed to the Federal Government.

IV. Application and Submission Information

A. The Grant Application Guide, Copies of Necessary Forms and Samples,
and the RFP Regulation Are Available From These Sources

1. The Internet: http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/UWP-revolvingfund.html
or http://www.grants.gov.
 2. For paper copies of these materials, you may call (202) 720-
9589.

B. You May File an Application in Either Paper or Electronic Format

Whether you file a paper or an electronic application, you will
need a DUNS number.
 1. DUNS Number.
 The applicant for a grant must supply a Dun and Bradstreet Data
Universal Numbering System (DUNS) number as part of an application. The
Standard Form 424 (SF-424) contains a field for the DUNS number. The
applicant can obtain the DUNS number free of charge by calling Dun and
Bradstreet. Please see http://fedgov.dnb.com/webform for more
information on how to obtain a DUNS number or how to verify your
organization's number.
 In accordance with 2 CFR part 25, whether applying electronically
or by paper, the applicant must register in the System for Award
Management (SAM) (formerly Central Contractor Registry, (CCR)) prior to
submitting an application. Applicants may register for the SAM at
https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/. The SAM registration must
remain active with current information at all times while RUS is
considering an application or while a Federal Grant Award or loan is
active. To remain registered in the SAM database the applicant must
review and update the information in the SAM database annually from
date of initial registration or from the date of the last update. The
applicant must ensure that the information in the database is current,
accurate, and complete.
 2. Applications submitted by paper:
 (a) Send or deliver paper applications by the U.S. Postal Service
(USPS) or courier delivery services to: Water and Environmental
Programs, Rural Utilities Service, 1400 Independence Avenue SW.,
Attention: Joyce M. Taylor, Mail STOP 1570, Room 2233-S, Washington, DC
20250-1570.
 (b) For paper applications mail or ensure delivery of an original
paper application (no stamped, photocopied, or initialed signatures)
and two copies by the deadline date. The application and any materials
sent with it become Federal records by law and cannot be returned to
you.
 3. Electronically submitted applications:
 (a) Applications will not be accepted by fax or electronic mail.
 (b) Electronic applications for grants will be accepted if
submitted through Grants.gov at http://www.grants.gov.
 (c) Applicants must preregister successfully with Grants.gov to use
the electronic applications option. Application information may be
downloaded from Grants.gov without preregistration.
 (d) Applicants who apply through Grants.gov should submit their
electronic applications before the deadline.
 (e) Grants.gov contains full instructions on all required
passwords, credentialing, and software. Follow the instructions at
Grants.gov for registering and submitting an electronic application.
 (f) Grants.gov has two preregistration requirements: A DUNS number
and an active registration in the SAM. See Item 1 above for
instructions on obtaining a DUNS number and registering in the SAM.

C. A Complete Application Must Meet the Following Requirements

1. To be considered for support, you must be an eligible entity and
must submit a complete application by the deadline date. You should
consult the cost principles and general administrative requirements for
grants pertaining to their organizational type in order to prepare the
budget and complete other parts of the application. You also must
demonstrate compliance (or intent to comply), through certification or
other means, with a number of public policy requirements. Applications
should be prepared in conformance with the provisions in 2 CFR parts
180, 182, and regulations applicable to USDA including 2 CFR parts 421,
and 417.
 2. Applicants must complete and submit the following forms to apply
for a RFP grant:
 (a) Standard Form 424, ``Application for Federal Assistance.''
 (b) Standard Form 424A, ``Budget Information--Non-Construction
Programs.''
 (c) Standard Form 424B, ``Assurances--Non-Construction Programs.''
 (d) Standard Form LLL, ``Disclosure of Lobbying Activity.''
 (e) Form RD 400-1, ``Equal Opportunity Agreement.''
 (f) Form RD 400-4, ``Assurance Agreement (Under Title VI, Civil
Rights Act of 1964).
 3. The project proposal should outline the project in sufficient
detail to provide a reader with a complete understanding of how the
loan program will work. Explain what you will accomplish by lending
funds to eligible entities. Demonstrate the feasibility of the proposed
loan program in meeting the objectives of this grant program. The
proposal should cover the following elements:
 (a) Present a brief project overview. Explain the purpose of the
project, how it relates to RUS's purposes, how you will carry out the
project, what the project will produce, and who will direct it.
 (b) Describe why the project is necessary. Demonstrate that
eligible entities need loan funds. Quantify the number of prospective
borrowers or provide statistical or narrative evidence that a
sufficient number of borrowers will exist to justify the grant award.
Describe the service area. Address community needs.
 (c) Clearly state your project goals. Your objectives should
clearly describe the goals and be concrete and specific enough to be
quantitative or observable. They should also be feasible and relate to
the purpose of the loan program.
 (d) The narrative should cover in more detail the items briefly
described in the Project Summary. It should establish the basis for any
claims that you have substantial expertise in promoting the safe and
productive use of revolving funds. In describing what the project will
achieve, you should tell the reader if it also will have broader
influence. The narrative should address the following points:
 (1) Document your ability to administer and service a revolving
fund in accordance with the provisions of 7 CFR part 1783.

[[Page 7832]]

(2) Document your ability to commit financial resources to
establish the RFP with funds your organization controls. This
documentation should describe the sources of funds other than the RFP
grant that will be used to pay your operational costs and provide
financial assistance for projects.
 (3) Demonstrate that you have secured commitments of significant
financial support from other funding sources, if appropriate.
 (4) List the fees and charges that borrowers will be assessed.
 (e) The work plan must describe the tasks and activities that will
be accomplished with available resources during the grant period. It
must show the work you plan to do to achieve the anticipated outcomes,
goals, and objectives set out for the RFP. The plan must:
 (1) Describe the work to be performed by each person.
 (2) Give a schedule or timetable of work to be done.
 (3) Show evidence of previous experience with the techniques to be
used or their successful use by others.
 (4) Outline the loan program to include the following: specific
loan purposes, a loan application process, priorities, borrower
eligibility criteria, limitations, fees, interest rates, terms, and
collateral requirements.
 (5) Provide a marketing plan.
 (6) Explain the mechanics of how you will transfer loan funds to
the borrowers.
 (7) Describe follow-up or continuing activities that should occur
after project completion such as monitoring and reporting borrowers'
accomplishments.
 (8) Describe how the results will be evaluated. The evaluation
criteria should be in line with the project objectives.
 (9) List all personnel responsible for administering this program
along with a statement of their qualifications and experience.
 (f) The written justification for projected costs should explain
how budget figures were determined for each category. It should
indicate which costs are to be covered by grant funds and which costs
will be met by your organization or other organizations. The
justification should account for all expenditures discussed in the
narrative. It should reflect appropriate cost-sharing contributions.
The budget justification should explain the budget and accounting
system proposed or in place. The administrative costs for operating the
budget should be expressed as a percentage of the overall budget. The
budget justification should provide specific budget figures, rounding
off figures to the nearest dollar. Applicants should consult OMB
Circular A-122: ``Cost Principles for Non-Profit Organizations'' or any
successor guidance for information about appropriate costs for each
budget category.
 (g) In addition to completing the standard application forms, you
must submit:
 (1) Supplementary material that demonstrate that your organization
is legally recognized under state or Tribal and Federal law.
Satisfactory documentation includes, but is not limited to,
certificates from the Secretary of State, or copies of state statutes
or laws establishing your organization. Letters from the IRS awarding
tax-exempt status are not considered adequate evidence.
 (2) A certified list of directors and officers with their
respective terms.
 (3) Evidence of tax exempt status from the IRS.
 (4) Debarment and suspension information is required in accordance
with 2 CFR part 417 (Nonprocurement Debarment and Suspension)
supplemented by 2 CFR part 180, if it applies. The section heading is
``What information must I provide before entering into a covered
transaction with the Federal Government?'' located at 2 CFR 180.335. It
is part of OMB's Guidance for Grants and Agreements concerning
Government-wide Debarment and Suspension.
 (5) All of your organization's known workplaces by including the
actual address of buildings (or parts of buildings) or other sites
where work under the award takes place. Workplace identification is
required under the drug-free workplace requirements in subpart B of 2
CFR part 421, which adopts the Governmentwide implementation (2 CFR
part 182) of the Drug-Free Workplace Act.
 (6) The most recent audit of your organization.
 (7) The following financial statements:
 i. A pro forma balance sheet at start-up and for at least three
additional years; Balance sheets, income statements, and cash flow
statements for the last three years.
 ii. If your organization has been formed less than three years, the
financial statements should be submitted for the periods from inception
to the present. Projected income and cash flow statements for at least
three years supported by a list of assumptions showing the basis for
the projections. The projected income statement and balance sheet must
include one set of projections that shows the revolving loan fund only
and a separate set of projections that shows your organization's total
operations.
 (8) Additional information to support and describe your plan for
achieving the grant objectives. The information may be regarded as
essential for understanding and evaluating the project and may be found
in letters of support, as resolutions, policies, and other relevant
documents. The supplements may be presented in appendices to the
proposal.

V. Application Review Information

A. Within 30 days of receiving your application, RUS will send you
a letter of acknowledgment. Your application will be reviewed for
completeness to determine if you included all of the items required. If
your application is incomplete or ineligible, RUS will return it to you
with an explanation.
 B. A review team, composed of at least two RUS staff members, will
evaluate all applications and proposals. They will make overall
recommendations based on factors such as eligibility, application
completeness, and conformity to application requirements. They will
score the applications based on criteria in the next section.
 C. All applications that are complete and eligible will be ranked
competitively based on the following scoring criteria:
 1. Degree of expertise and successful experience in making and
servicing commercial loans, with a successful record, for the following
number of full years:
 (a) At least 1 but less than 3 years--5 points.
 (b) At least 3 but less than 5 years--10 points.
 (c) At least 5 but less than 10 years--20 points.
 (d) 10 or more years--30 points.
 2. Extent to which the work plan demonstrates a well thought out,
comprehensive approach to accomplishing the objectives of this part,
clearly defines who will be served by the project, clearly articulates
the problem/issues to be addressed, identifies the service area to be
covered by the RFP loans and appears likely to be sustainable; up to 40
points
 3. Percentage of applicant contributions. Points allowed under this
paragraph will be based on written evidence of the availability of
funds from sources other than the proceeds of an RFP grant to pay part
of the cost of a loan recipient's project. In-kind contributions will
not be considered. Funds from other sources as a percentage of the RFP
grant and points

[[Page 7833]]

corresponding to such percentages are as follows:
 (a) Less than 20 percent--ineligible.
 (b) At least 20 percent but less than 50 percent--10 points.
 (c) 50 percent or more--20 points.
 4. Extent to which the goals and objectives are clearly defined,
tied to the work plan, and are measurable; up to 15 points.
 5. Lowest ratio of projected administrative expenses to loans
advanced; up to 10 points.
 6. The evaluation methods for considering loan applications and
making RFP loans are specific to the program, clearly defined,
measurable, and are consistent with program outcomes; up to 20 points.
 7. Administrator's discretion points may be awarded based on the
following:
 (a) Directs loans to the smallest communities with the lowest
incomes emphasizing areas where according to the American Community
Survey data by census tracts show that at least 20 percent of the
population is living in poverty. This emphasis will support Rural
Development's goal of providing 20 percent of its funding by 2016 to
these areas of need.
 (b) Directs loans to areas which lack running water, flush toilets,
and modern sewage disposal systems, and areas which have open sewers
and high rates of disease caused by poor sanitation, in particular,
colonias or Substantially Underserved Trust Areas.
 (c) Directs loans that emphasize energy and water efficient
components to reduce costs and increase sustainability of rural
systems; up to 10 points.

VI. Award Administration Information

A. RUS will rank all qualifying applications by their final score.
Applications will be selected for funding, based on the highest scores
and the availability of funding for RFP grants. Each applicant will be
notified in writing of the score its application receives.
 B. In making its decision about your application, RUS may determine
that your application is:
 1. Eligible and selected for funding,
 2. Eligible but offered fewer funds than requested,
 3. Eligible but not selected for funding, or
 4. Ineligible for the grant.
 C. In accordance with 7 CFR part 1900, subpart B, you generally
have the right to appeal adverse decisions under 7 CFR part 11. Some
adverse decisions cannot be appealed. For example, if you are denied
RUS funding due to a lack of funds available for the grant program,
this decision cannot be appealed. However, you may make a request to
the National Appeals Division (NAD) to review the accuracy of our
finding that the decision cannot be appealed. The appeal must be in
writing and filed at the appropriate Regional Office, which can be
found at http://www.nad.usda.gov/ or by calling (703) 305-1166.
 D. Applicants selected for funding will complete a grant agreement,
which outlines the terms and conditions of the grant award.
 E. Grantees will be reimbursed as follows:
 1. SF-270, ``Request for Advance or Reimbursement,'' will be
completed by the grantee in accordance with 7 CFR part 3000 or any
successor regulations.
 2. Upon receipt of a properly completed SF-270, the funds will be
requested through the field office terminal system. Ordinarily, payment
will be made within 30 days after receipt of a proper request for
reimbursement.
 3. Grantees are encouraged to use women- and minority-owned banks
(a bank which is owned at least 50 percent by women or minority group
members) for the deposit and disbursement of funds.
 F. Any change in the scope of the project, budget adjustments of
more than 10 percent of the total budget, or any other significant
change in the project must be reported to and approved by the approval
official by written amendment to the grant agreement. Any change not
approved may be cause for termination of the grant.
 G. Grantees shall constantly monitor performance to ensure that
time schedules are being met, projected work by time periods is being
accomplished, and other performance objectives are being achieved. The
Grantee will provide project reports as follows:
 1. SF-425, ``Financial Status Report (short form),'' and a project
performance activity report will be required of all grantees on a
quarterly basis, due 30 days after the end of each quarter.
 2. A final project performance report will be required with the
last SF-425 due 90 days after the end of the last quarter in which the
project is completed. The final report may serve as the last quarterly
report.
 3. All multi-State grantees are to submit an original of each
report to the National Office. Grantees serving only one State are to
submit an original of each report to the State Office. The project
performance reports should detail, preferably in a narrative format,
activities that have transpired for the specific time period.
 H. The grantee will provide an audit report or financial statements
as follows:
 1. Grantees expending $500,000 or more Federal funds per fiscal
year will submit an audit conducted in accordance 7 CFR part 3052 or
any successor regulation with OMB Circular A-133 or any successor
guidance from OMB. The audit will be submitted within 9 months after
the grantee's fiscal year. Additional audits may be required if the
project period covers more than one fiscal year.
 2. Grantees expending less than $500,000 will provide annual
financial statements covering the grant period, consisting of the
organization's statement of income and expense and balance sheet signed
by an appropriate official of the organization. Financial statements
will be submitted within 90 days after the grantee's fiscal year.
 3. Recipient and Subrecipient Reporting.
 The applicant must have the necessary processes and systems in
place to comply with the reporting requirements for first-tier sub-
awards and executive compensation under the Federal Funding
Accountability and Transparency Act of 2006 in the event the applicant
receives funding unless such applicant is exempt from such reporting
requirements pursuant to 2 CFR part 170, Sec. 170.110(b). The
reporting requirements under the Transparency Act pursuant to 2 CFR
part 170 are as follows:
 (a) First Tier Sub-Awards of $25,000 or more in non-Recovery Act
funds (unless they are exempt under 2 CFR part 170) must be reported by
the Recipient to http://www.fsrs.gov no later than the end of the month
following the month the obligation was made. Please note that currently
underway is a consolidation of eight federal procurement systems,
including the Sub-award Reporting System (FSRS), into one system, the
System for Award Management (SAM). As result the FSRS will soon be
consolidated into and accessed through https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/.
 (b) The Total Compensation of the Recipient's Executives (5 most
highly compensated executives) must be reported by the Recipient (if
the Recipient meets the criteria under 2 CFR part 170) to
https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/ by the end of the month following the
month in which the award was made.
 (c) The Total Compensation of the Subrecipient's Executives (5 most
highly compensated executives) must be reported by the Subrecipient (if
the

[[Page 7834]]

Subrecipient meets the criteria under 2 CFR part 170) to the Recipient
by the end of the month following the month in which the subaward was
made.

VII. Agency Contacts

A. Web site: http://www.usda.gov/rus/water. The Rural Utilities
Service Web site maintains up-to-date resources and contact information
for the RFP.
 B. Phone: 202-720-9589.
 C. Fax: 202-690-0649.
 D. Email: Joyce M.Taylor@wdc.usda.gov
 E. Main point of contact: Joyce M. Taylor, Community Programs
Specialist, Water and Environmental Programs, Water Programs Division,
Rural Utilities Service, U.S. Department of Agriculture.

VIII. Non-Discrimination Statement

USDA Non-Discrimination Statement

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) prohibits discrimination
against its customers, employees, and applicants for employment on the
bases of race, color, national origin, age, disability, sex, gender
identity, religion, reprisal, and where applicable, political beliefs,
marital status, familial or parental status, sexual orientation, or all
or part of an individual's income is derived from any public assistance
program, or protected genetic information in employment or in any
program or activity conducted or funded by the Department. (Not all
prohibited bases will apply to all programs and/or employment
activities.)

How To File a Complaint

If you wish to file an employment complaint, you must contact your
agency's EEO Counselor within 45 days of the date of the alleged
discriminatory act, event, or in the case of a personnel action.
Additional information can be found online at
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_file.html.
 If you wish to file a Civil Rights program complaint of
discrimination, complete the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint Form
(PDF), found online at http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html, or
at any USDA office, or call (866) 632-
9992 to request the form. You may also write a letter containing all of
the information requested in the form. Send your completed complaint
form or letter to us by mail at U.S. Department of Agriculture,
Director, Office of Adjudication, 1400 Independence Avenue SW.,
Washington, DC 20250-9410, by fax (202) 690-7442 or email at
program.intake@usda.gov

Persons With Disabilities

Individuals who are deaf, hard of hearing or have speech
disabilities and you wish to file either an EEO or program complaint
please contact USDA through the Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339
or (800) 845-6136 (in Spanish).
 Persons with disabilities who wish to file a program complaint,
please see information above on how to contact us by mail directly or
by email. If you require alternative means of communication for program
information (e.g., Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.) please
contact USDA's TARGET Center at (202) 720-2600 (voice and TDD).

Dated: January 6, 2015.
Jasper Schneider,
Acting Administrator, Rural Utilities Service.
[FR Doc. 2015-02702 Filed 2-11-15; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE 3410-15-P


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              21 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 13, 2015 Friday

Arizona: Grant and Loan Application Deadlines

LENGTH: 5308  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of The Treasury has issued the following news release:

Summary

The Rural Utilities Service (RUS) announces its Revolving Fund Program (RFP)
application window for Fiscal Year (FY) 2015.

The RFP is authorized under section 306(a)(2)(B) of the Consolidated Farm and
Rural Development Act (Con Act), 7 U.S.C. 1926 (a)(2)(B). Under the RFP,
qualified private, non-profit organizations may receive RFP grant funds to
establish a lending program for eligible entities. Eligible entities for the
revolving loan fund will be the same entities eligible, under paragraph 1 or 2
of Section 306(a) of the Con Act, 7 U.S.C. 1926(a)(1) or (b)(2), to obtain a
loan, loan guarantee, or grant from the RUS Water, Waste Disposal and Wastewater
loan and grant programs.

This year administrative discretion points may be awarded for work plans that:
Direct loans to the smallest communities with the lowest incomes emphasizing
areas where according to the American Community Survey data by census tracts
show that at least 20 percent of the population is living in poverty. This
emphasis will support Rural Development's goal of providing 20 percent of its
funding by 2016 to these areas of need;

Direct loans to areas that lack running water, flush toilets, and modern sewage
disposal systems, and areas which have open sewers and high rates of disease
caused by poor sanitation, in particular, colonias or Substantially Underserved
Trust Areas; and

Direct loans that emphasize energy and water efficient components to reduce
costs and increase sustainability of rural systems.

RUS will publish on its Web site at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/UWP-revolvingfund.html the amount offunding received
in the FY2015 Appropriations Act, if any.
Dates

You may submit completed applications for grants on paper or electronically
according to the following deadlines:

Paper copies must be postmarked and mailed, shipped, or sent overnight no later
than April 13, 2015 to be eligible for FY2015 grant funding. Late or incomplete
applications will not be eligible for FY2015 grant funding.
    Electronic copies must be received by April 13, 2015 to be eligible for
FY2015 grant funding. Late or incomplete applications will not be eligible for
FY2015 grant funding.

Addresses

You may obtain application guides and materials for the RFP program at the Water
and Environmental Programs (WEP) Web site:
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/UWP-revolvingfund.html. You may also request
application guides and materials by contacting Joyce M. Taylor at (202)
720-0499.

Submit completed paper applications for RFP grants to the Rural Utilities
Service, U.S. Department of Agriculture, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Room
2233, STOP 1570, Washington, DC 20250-1570. Applications should be marked
Attention: Joyce M. Taylor, Water and Environmental Programs.

Submit electronic grant applications at http://www.grants.gov (Grants.gov) and
follow the instructions you find on that Web site.
For Further Information Contact

Joyce M. Taylor, Community Programs Specialist, Water Programs Division, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, Rural Utilities Service, STOP 1570, Room 2233-S, 1400
Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-1570; Telephone: (202) 720-0499:
Fax: (202) 690-0649.
Supplementary Information
Overview

Federal Agency: Rural Utilities Service (RUS).

Funding Opportunity Title: Grant Program to Establish a Fund for Financing Water
and Wastewater Projects (Revolving Fund Program (RFP)).

Announcement Type: Solicitation of Applications.

Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance (CFDA) Number: 10.864.

Due Date for Applications: Applications must be mailed, shipped or submitted
electronically through Grants.gov no later than April 13, 2015 to be eligible
for FY2015 grant funding.
Items in Supplementary Information

I. Funding Opportunity: Brief introduction to the RFP.

II. Award Information: To be determined.

III. Eligibility Information: Who is eligible, what kinds of projects are
eligible, what criteria determine basic eligibility.

IV. Application and Submission Information: Where to get application materials,
what constitutes a completed application, how and where to submit applications,
deadlines, items that are eligible.

V. Application Review Information: Considerations and preferences, scoring
criteria, review standards, selection information.

VI. Award Administration Information: Award notice information, award recipient
reporting requirements.

VII. Agency Contacts: Web, phone, fax, email, contact name.

VIII. Non-Discrimination Statement.
I. Funding Opportunity

Drinking water systems are basic and vital to both health and economic
development. With dependable water facilities, rural communities can attract
families and businesses that will invest in the community and improve the
quality of life for all residents. Without dependable water facilities, the
communities cannot sustain economic development.

RUS provides financial and technical assistance to help communities bring safe
drinking water and sanitary, environmentally sound waste disposal facilities to
rural Americans. It supports the sound development of rural communities and the
growth of our economy without endangering the environment.

The Revolving Fund Program (RFP) has been established under 7 CFR part 1783 to
assist communities with water or wastewater systems. Qualified private,
non-profit organizations, who are selected for funding, will receive RFP grant
funds to establish a lending program for eligible entities. Eligible entities
for the revolving loan fund will be the same entities eligible to obtain a loan,
loan guarantee, or grant from the Water and Waste Disposal loan and grant
programs administered by RUS, under 7 U.S.C.1926(a)(1) and (2). As grant
recipients, the non-profit organizations will set up a revolving loan fund to
provide loans to finance predevelopment costs of water or wastewater projects,
or short-term small capital projects not part of the regular operation and
maintenance of current water and wastewater systems. The amount of financing to
an eligible entity shall not exceed $100,000.00 and shall be repaid in a term
not to exceed 10 years. The rate shall be determined in the approved grant work
plan.
II. Award Information

Available funds: To be determined. This Notice is being issued prior to passage
of an FY2015 Appropriations Act, which may or may not provide an appropriation
for this program, in order to allow applicants sufficient time to prepare and
submit applications and to provide the Agency time to process the applications
in a timely fashion. Successful applications will be selected by RUS for funding
and subsequently awarded to the extent that funding may ultimately be made
available to RUS through appropriations. RUS will publish on its Web site the
amount of funding received in the final FY2015 Appropriations Act, if any.
III. Eligibility Information
A. Who is eligible to apply?

An applicant is eligible to apply for the RFP grant if it:

1. Is a private, non-profit organization;

2. Is legally established and located within one of the following:

(a) A state within the United States;

(b) The District of Columbia;

(c) The Commonwealth of Puerto Rico; or

(d) A United States territory;

3. Has the legal capacity and authority to carry out the grant purpose;

4. Has a proven record of successfully operating a revolving loan fund to rural
areas;

5. Has capitalization acceptable to the Agency, and is composed of at least 51
percent of the outstanding interest or membership being citizens of the United
States or individuals who reside in the United States after being legally
admitted for permanent residence;

6. Has no delinquent debt to the Federal Government or no outstanding judgments
to repay a Federal debt;

7. Demonstrates that it possesses the financial, technical, and managerial
capability to comply with Federal and State laws and requirements; and

8. Is not a corporation that has been convicted of a felony (or had an officer
or agent acting on behalf of the corporation convicted of a felony) within the
past 24 months. Any Corporation that has any unpaid federal tax liability that
has been assessed, for which all judicial and administrative remedies have been
exhausted or have lapsed, and that is not being paid in a timely manner pursuant
to an agreement with the authority responsible for collecting the tax liability
is not eligible.
B. What are the basic eligibility requirements for a project?

1. The following activities are authorized under the RFP statute:

(a) Grant funds must be used to capitalize a revolving fund program for the
purpose of providing direct loan financing to eligible entities for
pre-development costs associated with proposed or with existing water and
wastewater systems, or,

(b) Short-term costs incurred for equipment replacement, small-scale extension
of services, or other small capital projects that are not part of the regular
operations and maintenance activities of existing water and wastewater systems.

2. Grant funds may not be used to pay any of the following:

(a) Payment of the Grant Recipient's administrative costs or expenses, or,

(b) Delinquent debt owed to the Federal Government.
IV. Application and Submission Information
A. The Grant Application Guide, Copies of Necessary Forms and Samples, and the
RFP Regulation Are Available From These Sources

1. The Internet: http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/UWP-revolvingfund.html or
http://www.grants.gov.

2. For paper copies of these materials, you may call (202) 720-9589.
B. You May File an Application in Either Paper or Electronic Format

Whether you file a paper or an electronic application, you will need a DUNS
number.

1. DUNS Number.

The applicant for a grant must supply a Dun and Bradstreet Data Universal
Numbering System (DUNS) number as part of an application. The Standard Form 424
(SF-424) contains a field for the DUNS number. The applicant can obtain the DUNS
number free of charge by calling Dun and Bradstreet. Please see
http://fedgov.dnb.com/webform for more information on how to obtain a DUNS
number or how to verify your organization's number.

In accordance with 2 CFR part 25, whether applying electronically or by paper,
the applicant must register in the System for Award Management (SAM) (formerly
Central Contractor Registry, (CCR)) prior to submitting an application.
Applicants may register for the SAM at https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/.
The SAM registration must remain active with current information at all times
while RUS is considering an application or while a Federal Grant Award or loan
is active. To remain registered in the SAM database the applicant must review
and update the information in the SAM database annually from date of initial
registration or from the date of the last update. The applicant must ensure that
the information in the database is current, accurate, and complete.

2. Applications submitted by paper:

(a) Send or deliver paper applications by the U.S. Postal Service (USPS) or
courier delivery services to: Water and Environmental Programs, Rural Utilities
Service, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Attention: Joyce M. Taylor, Mail STOP
1570, Room 2233-S, Washington, DC 20250-1570.

(b) For paper applications mail or ensure delivery of an original paper
application (no stamped, photocopied, or initialed signatures) and two copies by
the deadline date. The application and any materials sent with it become Federal
records by law and cannot be returned to you.

3. Electronically submitted applications:

(a) Applications will not be accepted by fax or electronic mail.

(b) Electronic applications for grants will be accepted if submitted through
Grants.gov at http://www.grants.gov.

(c) Applicants must preregister successfully with Grants.gov to use the
electronic applications option. Application information may be downloaded from
Grants.gov without preregistration.

(d) Applicants who apply through Grants.gov should submit their electronic
applications before the deadline.

(e) Grants.gov contains full instructions on all required passwords,
credentialing, and software. Follow the instructions at Grants.gov for
registering and submitting an electronic application.

(f) Grants.gov has two preregistration requirements: A DUNS number and an active
registration in the SAM. See Item 1 above for instructions on obtaining a DUNS
number and registering in the SAM.
C. A Complete Application Must Meet the Following Requirements

1. To be considered for support, you must be an eligible entity and must submit
a complete application by the deadline date. You should consult the cost
principles and general administrative requirements for grants pertaining to
their organizational type in order to prepare the budget and complete other
parts of the application. You also must demonstrate compliance (or intent to
comply), through certification or other means, with a number of public policy
requirements. Applications should be prepared in conformance with the provisions
in 2 CFR parts 180, 182, and regulations applicable to USDA including 2 CFR
parts 421, and 417.

2. Applicants must complete and submit the following forms to apply for a RFP
grant:

(a) Standard Form 424, "Application for Federal Assistance."

(b) Standard Form 424A, "Budget Information--Non-Construction Programs."

(c) Standard Form 424B, "Assurances--Non-Construction Programs."

(d) Standard Form LLL, "Disclosure of Lobbying Activity."

(e) Form RD 400-1, "Equal Opportunity Agreement."

(f) Form RD 400-4, "Assurance Agreement (Under Title VI, Civil Rights Act of
1964).

3. The project proposal should outline the project in sufficient detail to
provide a reader with a complete understanding of how the loan program will
work. Explain what you will accomplish by lending funds to eligible entities.
Demonstrate the feasibility of the proposed loan program in meeting the
objectives of this grant program. The proposal should cover the following
elements:

(a) Present a brief project overview. Explain the purpose of the project, how it
relates to RUS's purposes, how you will carry out the project, what the project
will produce, and who will direct it.

(b) Describe why the project is necessary. Demonstrate that eligible entities
need loan funds. Quantify the number of prospective borrowers or provide
statistical or narrative evidence that a sufficient number of borrowers will
exist to justify the grant award. Describe the service area. Address community
needs.

(c) Clearly state your project goals. Your objectives should clearly describe
the goals and be concrete and specific enough to be quantitative or observable.
They should also be feasible and relate to the purpose of the loan program.

(d) The narrative should cover in more detail the items briefly described in the
Project Summary. It should establish the basis for any claims that you have
substantial expertise in promoting the safe and productive use of revolving
funds. In describing what the project will achieve, you should tell the reader
if it also will have broader influence. The narrative should address the
following points:

(1) Document your ability to administer and service a revolving fund in
accordance with the provisions of 7 CFR part 1783.

(2) Document your ability to commit financial resources to establish the RFP
with funds your organization controls. This documentation should describe the
sources of funds other than the RFP grant that will be used to pay your
operational costs and provide financial assistance for projects.

(3) Demonstrate that you have secured commitments of significant financial
support from other funding sources, if appropriate.

(4) List the fees and charges that borrowers will be assessed.

(e) The work plan must describe the tasks and activities that will be
accomplished with available resources during the grant period. It must show the
work you plan to do to achieve the anticipated outcomes, goals, and objectives
set out for the RFP. The plan must:

(1) Describe the work to be performed by each person.

(2) Give a schedule or timetable of work to be done.

(3) Show evidence of previous experience with the techniques to be used or their
successful use by others.

(4) Outline the loan program to include the following: specific loan purposes, a
loan application process, priorities, borrower eligibility criteria,
limitations, fees, interest rates, terms, and collateral requirements.

(5) Provide a marketing plan.

(6) Explain the mechanics of how you will transfer loan funds to the borrowers.

(7) Describe follow-up or continuing activities that should occur after project
completion such as monitoring and reporting borrowers' accomplishments.

(8) Describe how the results will be evaluated. The evaluation criteria should
be in line with the project objectives.

(9) List all personnel responsible for administering this program along with a
statement of their qualifications and experience.

(f) The written justification for projected costs should explain how budget
figures were determined for each category. It should indicate which costs are to
be covered by grant funds and which costs will be met by your organization or
other organizations. The justification should account for all expenditures
discussed in the narrative. It should reflect appropriate cost-sharing
contributions. The budget justification should explain the budget and accounting
system proposed or in place. The administrative costs for operating the budget
should be expressed as a percentage of the overall budget. The budget
justification should provide specific budget figures, rounding off figures to
the nearest dollar. Applicants should consult OMB Circular A-122: "Cost
Principles for Non-Profit Organizations" or any successor guidance for
information about appropriate costs for each budget category.

(g) In addition to completing the standard application forms, you must submit:

(1) Supplementary material that demonstrate that your organization is legally
recognized under state or Tribal and Federal law. Satisfactory documentation
includes, but is not limited to, certificates from the Secretary of State, or
copies of state statutes or laws establishing your organization. Letters from
the IRS awarding tax-exempt status are not considered adequate evidence.

(2) A certified list of directors and officers with their respective terms.

(3) Evidence of tax exempt status from the IRS.

(4) Debarment and suspension information is required in accordance with 2 CFR
part 417 (Nonprocurement Debarment and Suspension) supplemented by 2 CFR part
180, if it applies. The section heading is "What information must I provide
before entering into a covered transaction with the Federal Government?" located
at 2 CFR 180.335. It is part of OMB's Guidance for Grants and Agreements
concerning Government-wide Debarment and Suspension.

(5) All of your organization's known workplaces by including the actual address
of buildings (or parts of buildings) or other sites where work under the award
takes place. Workplace identification is required under the drug-free workplace
requirements in subpart B of 2 CFR part 421, which adopts the Governmentwide
implementation (2 CFR part 182) of the Drug-Free Workplace Act.

(6) The most recent audit of your organization.

(7) The following financial statements:

i. A pro forma balance sheet at start-up and for at least three additional
years; Balance sheets, income statements, and cash flow statements for the last
three years.

ii. If your organization has been formed less than three years, the financial
statements should be submitted for the periods from inception to the present.
Projected income and cash flow statements for at least three years supported by
a list of assumptions showing the basis for the projections. The projected
income statement and balance sheet must include one set of projections that
shows the revolving loan fund only and a separate set of projections that shows
your organization's total operations.

(8) Additional information to support and describe your plan for achieving the
grant objectives. The information may be regarded as essential for understanding
and evaluating the project and may be found in letters of support, as
resolutions, policies, and other relevant documents. The supplements may be
presented in appendices to the proposal.
V. Application Review Information

A. Within 30 days of receiving your application, RUS will send you a letter of
acknowledgment. Your application will be reviewed for completeness to determine
if you included all of the items required. If your application is incomplete or
ineligible, RUS will return it to you with an explanation.

B. A review team, composed of at least two RUS staff members, will evaluate all
applications and proposals. They will make overall recommendations based on
factors such as eligibility, application completeness, and conformity to
application requirements. They will score the applications based on criteria in
the next section.

C. All applications that are complete and eligible will be ranked competitively
based on the following scoring criteria:

1. Degree of expertise and successful experience in making and servicing
commercial loans, with a successful record, for the following number of full
years:

(a) At least 1 but less than 3 years--5 points.

(b) At least 3 but less than 5 years--10 points.

(c) At least 5 but less than 10 years--20 points.

(d) 10 or more years--30 points.

2. Extent to which the work plan demonstrates a well thought out, comprehensive
approach to accomplishing the objectives of this part, clearly defines who will
be served by the project, clearly articulates the problem/issues to be
addressed, identifies the service area to be covered by the RFP loans and
appears likely to be sustainable; up to 40 points

3. Percentage of applicant contributions. Points allowed under this paragraph
will be based on written evidence of the availability of funds from sources
other than the proceeds of an RFP grant to pay part of the cost of a loan
recipient's project. In-kind contributions will not be considered. Funds from
other sources as a percentage of the RFP grant and pointscorresponding to such
percentages are as follows:

(a) Less than 20 percent--ineligible.

(b) At least 20 percent but less than 50 percent--10 points.

(c) 50 percent or more--20 points.

4. Extent to which the goals and objectives are clearly defined, tied to the
work plan, and are measurable; up to 15 points.

5. Lowest ratio of projected administrative expenses to loans advanced; up to 10
points.

6. The evaluation methods for considering loan applications and making RFP loans
are specific to the program, clearly defined, measurable, and are consistent
with program outcomes; up to 20 points.

7. Administrator's discretion points may be awarded based on the following:

(a) Directs loans to the smallest communities with the lowest incomes
emphasizing areas where according to the American Community Survey data by
census tracts show that at least 20 percent of the population is living in
poverty. This emphasis will support Rural Development's goal of providing 20
percent of its funding by 2016 to these areas of need.

(b) Directs loans to areas which lack running water, flush toilets, and modern
sewage disposal systems, and areas which have open sewers and high rates of
disease caused by poor sanitation, in particular, colonias or Substantially
Underserved Trust Areas.

(c) Directs loans that emphasize energy and water efficient components to reduce
costs and increase sustainability of rural systems; up to 10 points.
VI. Award Administration Information

A. RUS will rank all qualifying applications by their final score. Applications
will be selected for funding, based on the highest scores and the availability
of funding for RFP grants. Each applicant will be notified in writing of the
score its application receives.

B. In making its decision about your application, RUS may determine that your
application is:

1. Eligible and selected for funding,

2. Eligible but offered fewer funds than requested,

3. Eligible but not selected for funding, or

4. Ineligible for the grant.

C. In accordance with 7 CFR part 1900, subpart B, you generally have the right
to appeal adverse decisions under 7 CFR part 11. Some adverse decisions cannot
be appealed. For example, if you are denied RUS funding due to a lack of funds
available for the grant program, this decision cannot be appealed. However, you
may make a request to the National Appeals Division (NAD) to review the accuracy
of our finding that the decision cannot be appealed. The appeal must be in
writing and filed at the appropriate Regional Office, which can be found at
http://www.nad.usda.gov/ or by calling (703) 305-1166.

D. Applicants selected for funding will complete a grant agreement, which
outlines the terms and conditions of the grant award.

E. Grantees will be reimbursed as follows:

1. SF-270, "Request for Advance or Reimbursement," will be completed by the
grantee in accordance with 7 CFR part 3000 or any successor regulations.

2. Upon receipt of a properly completed SF-270, the funds will be requested
through the field office terminal system. Ordinarily, payment will be made
within 30 days after receipt of a proper request for reimbursement.

3. Grantees are encouraged to use women- and minority-owned banks (a bank which
is owned at least 50 percent by women or minority group members) for the deposit
and disbursement of funds.

F. Any change in the scope of the project, budget adjustments of more than 10
percent of the total budget, or any other significant change in the project must
be reported to and approved by the approval official by written amendment to the
grant agreement. Any change not approved may be cause for termination of the
grant.

G. Grantees shall constantly monitor performance to ensure that time schedules
are being met, projected work by time periods is being accomplished, and other
performance objectives are being achieved. The Grantee will provide project
reports as follows:

1. SF-425, "Financial Status Report (short form)," and a project performance
activity report will be required of all grantees on a quarterly basis, due 30
days after the end of each quarter.

2. A final project performance report will be required with the last SF-425 due
90 days after the end of the last quarter in which the project is completed. The
final report may serve as the last quarterly report.

3. All multi-State grantees are to submit an original of each report to the
National Office. Grantees serving only one State are to submit an original of
each report to the State Office. The project performance reports should detail,
preferably in a narrative format, activities that have transpired for the
specific time period.

H. The grantee will provide an audit report or financial statements as follows:

1. Grantees expending $500,000 or more Federal funds per fiscal year will submit
an audit conducted in accordance 7 CFR part 3052 or any successor regulation
with OMB Circular A-133 or any successor guidance from OMB. The audit will be
submitted within 9 months after the grantee's fiscal year. Additional audits may
be required if the project period covers more than one fiscal year.

2. Grantees expending less than $500,000 will provide annual financial
statements covering the grant period, consisting of the organization's statement
of income and expense and balance sheet signed by an appropriate official of the
organization. Financial statements will be submitted within 90 days after the
grantee's fiscal year.

3. Recipient and Subrecipient Reporting.

The applicant must have the necessary processes and systems in place to comply
with the reporting requirements for first-tier sub-awards and executive
compensation under the Federal Funding Accountability and Transparency Act of
2006 in the event the applicant receives funding unless such applicant is exempt
from such reporting requirements pursuant to 2 CFR part 170, § 170.110(b). The
reporting requirements under the Transparency Act pursuant to 2 CFR part 170 are
as follows:

(a) First Tier Sub-Awards of $25,000 or more in non-Recovery Act funds (unless
they are exempt under 2 CFR part 170) must be reported by the Recipient to
http://www.fsrs.gov no later than the end of the month following the month the
obligation was made. Please note that currently underway is a consolidation of
eight federal procurement systems, including the Sub-award Reporting System
(FSRS), into one system, the System for Award Management (SAM). As result the
FSRS will soon be consolidated into and accessed through
https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/.

(b) The Total Compensation of the Recipient's Executives (5 most highly
compensated executives) must be reported by the Recipient (if the Recipient
meets the criteria under 2 CFR part 170) to
https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/ by the end of the month following the
month in which the award was made.

(c) The Total Compensation of the Subrecipient's Executives (5 most highly
compensated executives) must be reported by the Subrecipient (if theSubrecipient
meets the criteria under 2 CFR part 170) to the Recipient by the end of the
month following the month in which the subaward was made.
VII. Agency Contacts

A. Web site: http://www.usda.gov/rus/water. The Rural Utilities Service Web site
maintains up-to-date resources and contact information for the RFP.

B. Phone: 202-720-9589.

C. Fax: 202-690-0649.

D. Email: Joyce M.Taylor@wdc.usda.gov

E. Main point of contact: Joyce M. Taylor, Community Programs Specialist, Water
and Environmental Programs, Water Programs Division, Rural Utilities Service,
U.S. Department of Agriculture.
VIII. Non-Discrimination Statement
USDA Non-Discrimination Statement

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) prohibits discrimination against its
customers, employees, and applicants for employment on the bases of race, color,
national origin, age, disability, sex, gender identity, religion, reprisal, and
where applicable, political beliefs, marital status, familial or parental
status, sexual orientation, or all or part of an individual's income is derived
from any public assistance program, or protected genetic information in
employment or in any program or activity conducted or funded by the Department.
(Not all prohibited bases will apply to all programs and/or employment
activities.)
How To File a Complaint

If you wish to file an employment complaint, you must contact your agency's EEO
Counselor within 45 days of the date of the alleged discriminatory act, event,
or in the case of a personnel action. Additional information can be found online
at http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_file.html.

If you wish to file a Civil Rights program complaint of discrimination, complete
the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint Form (PDF), found online at
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html, or at any USDA office, or
call (866) 632-9992 to request the form. You may also write a letter containing
all of the information requested in the form. Send your completed complaint form
or letter to us by mail at U.S. Department of Agriculture, Director, Office of
Adjudication, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-9410, by fax
(202) 690-7442 or email at program.intake@usda.gov
Persons With Disabilities

Individuals who are deaf, hard of hearing or have speech disabilities and you
wish to file either an EEO or program complaint please contact USDA through the
Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339 or (800) 845-6136 (in Spanish).

Persons with disabilities who wish to file a program complaint, please see
information above on how to contact us by mail directly or by email. If you
require alternative means of communication for program information (e.g.,
Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.) please contact USDA's TARGET Center at
(202) 720-2600 (voice and TDD).

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              22 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 13, 2015 Friday

Grant and Loan Application Deadlines

LENGTH: 5344  words


Washington, D.C.: This Notice document was issued by the Rural Utilities Service
(RUS)

Action

Notice of Solicitation of Applications.
Summary

The Rural Utilities Service (RUS) announces its Revolving Fund Program (RFP)
application window for Fiscal Year (FY) 2015.

The RFP is authorized under section 306(a)(2)(B) of the Consolidated Farm and
Rural Development Act (Con Act), 7 U.S.C. 1926 (a)(2)(B). Under the RFP,
qualified private, non-profit organizations may receive RFP grant funds to
establish a lending program for eligible entities. Eligible entities for the
revolving loan fund will be the same entities eligible, under paragraph 1 or 2
of Section 306(a) of the Con Act, 7 U.S.C. 1926(a)(1) or (b)(2), to obtain a
loan, loan guarantee, or grant from the RUS Water, Waste Disposal and Wastewater
loan and grant programs.

This year administrative discretion points may be awarded for work plans that:
Direct loans to the smallest communities with the lowest incomes emphasizing
areas where according to the American Community Survey data by census tracts
show that at least 20 percent of the population is living in poverty. This
emphasis will support Rural Development's goal of providing 20 percent of its
funding by 2016 to these areas of need;

Direct loans to areas that lack running water, flush toilets, and modern sewage
disposal systems, and areas which have open sewers and high rates of disease
caused by poor sanitation, in particular, colonias or Substantially Underserved
Trust Areas; and

Direct loans that emphasize energy and water efficient components to reduce
costs and increase sustainability of rural systems.

RUS will publish on its Web site at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/UWP-revolvingfund.html the amount offunding received
in the FY2015 Appropriations Act, if any.
Dates

You may submit completed applications for grants on paper or electronically
according to the following deadlines:

Paper copies must be postmarked and mailed, shipped, or sent overnight no later
than April 13, 2015 to be eligible for FY2015 grant funding. Late or incomplete
applications will not be eligible for FY2015 grant funding.
    Electronic copies must be received by April 13, 2015 to be eligible for
FY2015 grant funding. Late or incomplete applications will not be eligible for
FY2015 grant funding.

Addresses

You may obtain application guides and materials for the RFP program at the Water
and Environmental Programs (WEP) Web site:
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/UWP-revolvingfund.html. You may also request
application guides and materials by contacting Joyce M. Taylor at (202)
720-0499.

Submit completed paper applications for RFP grants to the Rural Utilities
Service, U.S. Department of Agriculture, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Room
2233, STOP 1570, Washington, DC 20250-1570. Applications should be marked
Attention: Joyce M. Taylor, Water and Environmental Programs.

Submit electronic grant applications at http://www.grants.gov (Grants.gov) and
follow the instructions you find on that Web site.
For Further Information Contact

Joyce M. Taylor, Community Programs Specialist, Water Programs Division, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, Rural Utilities Service, STOP 1570, Room 2233-S, 1400
Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-1570; Telephone: (202) 720-0499:
Fax: (202) 690-0649.
Supplementary Information
Overview

Federal Agency: Rural Utilities Service (RUS).

Funding Opportunity Title: Grant Program to Establish a Fund for Financing Water
and Wastewater Projects (Revolving Fund Program (RFP)).

Announcement Type: Solicitation of Applications.

Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance (CFDA) Number: 10.864.

Due Date for Applications: Applications must be mailed, shipped or submitted
electronically through Grants.gov no later than April 13, 2015 to be eligible
for FY2015 grant funding.
Items in Supplementary Information

I. Funding Opportunity: Brief introduction to the RFP.

II. Award Information: To be determined.

III. Eligibility Information: Who is eligible, what kinds of projects are
eligible, what criteria determine basic eligibility.

IV. Application and Submission Information: Where to get application materials,
what constitutes a completed application, how and where to submit applications,
deadlines, items that are eligible.

V. Application Review Information: Considerations and preferences, scoring
criteria, review standards, selection information.

VI. Award Administration Information: Award notice information, award recipient
reporting requirements.

VII. Agency Contacts: Web, phone, fax, email, contact name.

VIII. Non-Discrimination Statement.
I. Funding Opportunity

Drinking water systems are basic and vital to both health and economic
development. With dependable water facilities, rural communities can attract
families and businesses that will invest in the community and improve the
quality of life for all residents. Without dependable water facilities, the
communities cannot sustain economic development.

RUS provides financial and technical assistance to help communities bring safe
drinking water and sanitary, environmentally sound waste disposal facilities to
rural Americans. It supports the sound development of rural communities and the
growth of our economy without endangering the environment.

The Revolving Fund Program (RFP) has been established under 7 CFR part 1783 to
assist communities with water or wastewater systems. Qualified private,
non-profit organizations, who are selected for funding, will receive RFP grant
funds to establish a lending program for eligible entities. Eligible entities
for the revolving loan fund will be the same entities eligible to obtain a loan,
loan guarantee, or grant from the Water and Waste Disposal loan and grant
programs administered by RUS, under 7 U.S.C.1926(a)(1) and (2). As grant
recipients, the non-profit organizations will set up a revolving loan fund to
provide loans to finance predevelopment costs of water or wastewater projects,
or short-term small capital projects not part of the regular operation and
maintenance of current water and wastewater systems. The amount of financing to
an eligible entity shall not exceed $100,000.00 and shall be repaid in a term
not to exceed 10 years. The rate shall be determined in the approved grant work
plan.
II. Award Information

Available funds: To be determined. This Notice is being issued prior to passage
of an FY2015 Appropriations Act, which may or may not provide an appropriation
for this program, in order to allow applicants sufficient time to prepare and
submit applications and to provide the Agency time to process the applications
in a timely fashion. Successful applications will be selected by RUS for funding
and subsequently awarded to the extent that funding may ultimately be made
available to RUS through appropriations. RUS will publish on its Web site the
amount of funding received in the final FY2015 Appropriations Act, if any.
III. Eligibility Information
A. Who is eligible to apply?

An applicant is eligible to apply for the RFP grant if it:

1. Is a private, non-profit organization;

2. Is legally established and located within one of the following:

(a) A state within the United States;

(b) The District of Columbia;

(c) The Commonwealth of Puerto Rico; or

(d) A United States territory;

3. Has the legal capacity and authority to carry out the grant purpose;

4. Has a proven record of successfully operating a revolving loan fund to rural
areas;

5. Has capitalization acceptable to the Agency, and is composed of at least 51
percent of the outstanding interest or membership being citizens of the United
States or individuals who reside in the United States after being legally
admitted for permanent residence;

6. Has no delinquent debt to the Federal Government or no outstanding judgments
to repay a Federal debt;

7. Demonstrates that it possesses the financial, technical, and managerial
capability to comply with Federal and State laws and requirements; and

8. Is not a corporation that has been convicted of a felony (or had an officer
or agent acting on behalf of the corporation convicted of a felony) within the
past 24 months. Any Corporation that has any unpaid federal tax liability that
has been assessed, for which all judicial and administrative remedies have been
exhausted or have lapsed, and that is not being paid in a timely manner pursuant
to an agreement with the authority responsible for collecting the tax liability
is not eligible.
B. What are the basic eligibility requirements for a project?

1. The following activities are authorized under the RFP statute:

(a) Grant funds must be used to capitalize a revolving fund program for the
purpose of providing direct loan financing to eligible entities for
pre-development costs associated with proposed or with existing water and
wastewater systems, or,

(b) Short-term costs incurred for equipment replacement, small-scale extension
of services, or other small capital projects that are not part of the regular
operations and maintenance activities of existing water and wastewater systems.

2. Grant funds may not be used to pay any of the following:

(a) Payment of the Grant Recipient's administrative costs or expenses, or,

(b) Delinquent debt owed to the Federal Government.
IV. Application and Submission Information
A. The Grant Application Guide, Copies of Necessary Forms and Samples, and the
RFP Regulation Are Available From These Sources

1. The Internet: http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/UWP-revolvingfund.html or
http://www.grants.gov.

2. For paper copies of these materials, you may call (202) 720-9589.
B. You May File an Application in Either Paper or Electronic Format

Whether you file a paper or an electronic application, you will need a DUNS
number.

1. DUNS Number.

The applicant for a grant must supply a Dun and Bradstreet Data Universal
Numbering System (DUNS) number as part of an application. The Standard Form 424
(SF-424) contains a field for the DUNS number. The applicant can obtain the DUNS
number free of charge by calling Dun and Bradstreet. Please see
http://fedgov.dnb.com/webform for more information on how to obtain a DUNS
number or how to verify your organization's number.

In accordance with 2 CFR part 25, whether applying electronically or by paper,
the applicant must register in the System for Award Management (SAM) (formerly
Central Contractor Registry, (CCR)) prior to submitting an application.
Applicants may register for the SAM at https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/.
The SAM registration must remain active with current information at all times
while RUS is considering an application or while a Federal Grant Award or loan
is active. To remain registered in the SAM database the applicant must review
and update the information in the SAM database annually from date of initial
registration or from the date of the last update. The applicant must ensure that
the information in the database is current, accurate, and complete.

2. Applications submitted by paper:

(a) Send or deliver paper applications by the U.S. Postal Service (USPS) or
courier delivery services to: Water and Environmental Programs, Rural Utilities
Service, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Attention: Joyce M. Taylor, Mail STOP
1570, Room 2233-S, Washington, DC 20250-1570.

(b) For paper applications mail or ensure delivery of an original paper
application (no stamped, photocopied, or initialed signatures) and two copies by
the deadline date. The application and any materials sent with it become Federal
records by law and cannot be returned to you.

3. Electronically submitted applications:

(a) Applications will not be accepted by fax or electronic mail.

(b) Electronic applications for grants will be accepted if submitted through
Grants.gov at http://www.grants.gov.

(c) Applicants must preregister successfully with Grants.gov to use the
electronic applications option. Application information may be downloaded from
Grants.gov without preregistration.

(d) Applicants who apply through Grants.gov should submit their electronic
applications before the deadline.

(e) Grants.gov contains full instructions on all required passwords,
credentialing, and software. Follow the instructions at Grants.gov for
registering and submitting an electronic application.

(f) Grants.gov has two preregistration requirements: A DUNS number and an active
registration in the SAM. See Item 1 above for instructions on obtaining a DUNS
number and registering in the SAM.
C. A Complete Application Must Meet the Following Requirements

1. To be considered for support, you must be an eligible entity and must submit
a complete application by the deadline date. You should consult the cost
principles and general administrative requirements for grants pertaining to
their organizational type in order to prepare the budget and complete other
parts of the application. You also must demonstrate compliance (or intent to
comply), through certification or other means, with a number of public policy
requirements. Applications should be prepared in conformance with the provisions
in 2 CFR parts 180, 182, and regulations applicable to USDA including 2 CFR
parts 421, and 417.

2. Applicants must complete and submit the following forms to apply for a RFP
grant:

(a) Standard Form 424, "Application for Federal Assistance."

(b) Standard Form 424A, "Budget Information--Non-Construction Programs."

(c) Standard Form 424B, "Assurances--Non-Construction Programs."

(d) Standard Form LLL, "Disclosure of Lobbying Activity."

(e) Form RD 400-1, "Equal Opportunity Agreement."

(f) Form RD 400-4, "Assurance Agreement (Under Title VI, Civil Rights Act of
1964).

3. The project proposal should outline the project in sufficient detail to
provide a reader with a complete understanding of how the loan program will
work. Explain what you will accomplish by lending funds to eligible entities.
Demonstrate the feasibility of the proposed loan program in meeting the
objectives of this grant program. The proposal should cover the following
elements:

(a) Present a brief project overview. Explain the purpose of the project, how it
relates to RUS's purposes, how you will carry out the project, what the project
will produce, and who will direct it.

(b) Describe why the project is necessary. Demonstrate that eligible entities
need loan funds. Quantify the number of prospective borrowers or provide
statistical or narrative evidence that a sufficient number of borrowers will
exist to justify the grant award. Describe the service area. Address community
needs.

(c) Clearly state your project goals. Your objectives should clearly describe
the goals and be concrete and specific enough to be quantitative or observable.
They should also be feasible and relate to the purpose of the loan program.

(d) The narrative should cover in more detail the items briefly described in the
Project Summary. It should establish the basis for any claims that you have
substantial expertise in promoting the safe and productive use of revolving
funds. In describing what the project will achieve, you should tell the reader
if it also will have broader influence. The narrative should address the
following points:

(1) Document your ability to administer and service a revolving fund in
accordance with the provisions of 7 CFR part 1783.

(2) Document your ability to commit financial resources to establish the RFP
with funds your organization controls. This documentation should describe the
sources of funds other than the RFP grant that will be used to pay your
operational costs and provide financial assistance for projects.

(3) Demonstrate that you have secured commitments of significant financial
support from other funding sources, if appropriate.

(4) List the fees and charges that borrowers will be assessed.

(e) The work plan must describe the tasks and activities that will be
accomplished with available resources during the grant period. It must show the
work you plan to do to achieve the anticipated outcomes, goals, and objectives
set out for the RFP. The plan must:

(1) Describe the work to be performed by each person.

(2) Give a schedule or timetable of work to be done.

(3) Show evidence of previous experience with the techniques to be used or their
successful use by others.

(4) Outline the loan program to include the following: specific loan purposes, a
loan application process, priorities, borrower eligibility criteria,
limitations, fees, interest rates, terms, and collateral requirements.

(5) Provide a marketing plan.

(6) Explain the mechanics of how you will transfer loan funds to the borrowers.

(7) Describe follow-up or continuing activities that should occur after project
completion such as monitoring and reporting borrowers' accomplishments.

(8) Describe how the results will be evaluated. The evaluation criteria should
be in line with the project objectives.

(9) List all personnel responsible for administering this program along with a
statement of their qualifications and experience.

(f) The written justification for projected costs should explain how budget
figures were determined for each category. It should indicate which costs are to
be covered by grant funds and which costs will be met by your organization or
other organizations. The justification should account for all expenditures
discussed in the narrative. It should reflect appropriate cost-sharing
contributions. The budget justification should explain the budget and accounting
system proposed or in place. The administrative costs for operating the budget
should be expressed as a percentage of the overall budget. The budget
justification should provide specific budget figures, rounding off figures to
the nearest dollar. Applicants should consult OMB Circular A-122: "Cost
Principles for Non-Profit Organizations" or any successor guidance for
information about appropriate costs for each budget category.

(g) In addition to completing the standard application forms, you must submit:

(1) Supplementary material that demonstrate that your organization is legally
recognized under state or Tribal and Federal law. Satisfactory documentation
includes, but is not limited to, certificates from the Secretary of State, or
copies of state statutes or laws establishing your organization. Letters from
the IRS awarding tax-exempt status are not considered adequate evidence.

(2) A certified list of directors and officers with their respective terms.

(3) Evidence of tax exempt status from the IRS.

(4) Debarment and suspension information is required in accordance with 2 CFR
part 417 (Nonprocurement Debarment and Suspension) supplemented by 2 CFR part
180, if it applies. The section heading is "What information must I provide
before entering into a covered transaction with the Federal Government?" located
at 2 CFR 180.335. It is part of OMB's Guidance for Grants and Agreements
concerning Government-wide Debarment and Suspension.

(5) All of your organization's known workplaces by including the actual address
of buildings (or parts of buildings) or other sites where work under the award
takes place. Workplace identification is required under the drug-free workplace
requirements in subpart B of 2 CFR part 421, which adopts the Governmentwide
implementation (2 CFR part 182) of the Drug-Free Workplace Act.

(6) The most recent audit of your organization.

(7) The following financial statements:

i. A pro forma balance sheet at start-up and for at least three additional
years; Balance sheets, income statements, and cash flow statements for the last
three years.

ii. If your organization has been formed less than three years, the financial
statements should be submitted for the periods from inception to the present.
Projected income and cash flow statements for at least three years supported by
a list of assumptions showing the basis for the projections. The projected
income statement and balance sheet must include one set of projections that
shows the revolving loan fund only and a separate set of projections that shows
your organization's total operations.

(8) Additional information to support and describe your plan for achieving the
grant objectives. The information may be regarded as essential for understanding
and evaluating the project and may be found in letters of support, as
resolutions, policies, and other relevant documents. The supplements may be
presented in appendices to the proposal.
V. Application Review Information

A. Within 30 days of receiving your application, RUS will send you a letter of
acknowledgment. Your application will be reviewed for completeness to determine
if you included all of the items required. If your application is incomplete or
ineligible, RUS will return it to you with an explanation.

B. A review team, composed of at least two RUS staff members, will evaluate all
applications and proposals. They will make overall recommendations based on
factors such as eligibility, application completeness, and conformity to
application requirements. They will score the applications based on criteria in
the next section.

C. All applications that are complete and eligible will be ranked competitively
based on the following scoring criteria:

1. Degree of expertise and successful experience in making and servicing
commercial loans, with a successful record, for the following number of full
years:

(a) At least 1 but less than 3 years--5 points.

(b) At least 3 but less than 5 years--10 points.

(c) At least 5 but less than 10 years--20 points.

(d) 10 or more years--30 points.

2. Extent to which the work plan demonstrates a well thought out, comprehensive
approach to accomplishing the objectives of this part, clearly defines who will
be served by the project, clearly articulates the problem/issues to be
addressed, identifies the service area to be covered by the RFP loans and
appears likely to be sustainable; up to 40 points

3. Percentage of applicant contributions. Points allowed under this paragraph
will be based on written evidence of the availability of funds from sources
other than the proceeds of an RFP grant to pay part of the cost of a loan
recipient's project. In-kind contributions will not be considered. Funds from
other sources as a percentage of the RFP grant and pointscorresponding to such
percentages are as follows:

(a) Less than 20 percent--ineligible.

(b) At least 20 percent but less than 50 percent--10 points.

(c) 50 percent or more--20 points.

4. Extent to which the goals and objectives are clearly defined, tied to the
work plan, and are measurable; up to 15 points.

5. Lowest ratio of projected administrative expenses to loans advanced; up to 10
points.

6. The evaluation methods for considering loan applications and making RFP loans
are specific to the program, clearly defined, measurable, and are consistent
with program outcomes; up to 20 points.

7. Administrator's discretion points may be awarded based on the following:

(a) Directs loans to the smallest communities with the lowest incomes
emphasizing areas where according to the American Community Survey data by
census tracts show that at least 20 percent of the population is living in
poverty. This emphasis will support Rural Development's goal of providing 20
percent of its funding by 2016 to these areas of need.

(b) Directs loans to areas which lack running water, flush toilets, and modern
sewage disposal systems, and areas which have open sewers and high rates of
disease caused by poor sanitation, in particular, colonias or Substantially
Underserved Trust Areas.

(c) Directs loans that emphasize energy and water efficient components to reduce
costs and increase sustainability of rural systems; up to 10 points.
VI. Award Administration Information

A. RUS will rank all qualifying applications by their final score. Applications
will be selected for funding, based on the highest scores and the availability
of funding for RFP grants. Each applicant will be notified in writing of the
score its application receives.

B. In making its decision about your application, RUS may determine that your
application is:

1. Eligible and selected for funding,

2. Eligible but offered fewer funds than requested,

3. Eligible but not selected for funding, or

4. Ineligible for the grant.

C. In accordance with 7 CFR part 1900, subpart B, you generally have the right
to appeal adverse decisions under 7 CFR part 11. Some adverse decisions cannot
be appealed. For example, if you are denied RUS funding due to a lack of funds
available for the grant program, this decision cannot be appealed. However, you
may make a request to the National Appeals Division (NAD) to review the accuracy
of our finding that the decision cannot be appealed. The appeal must be in
writing and filed at the appropriate Regional Office, which can be found at
http://www.nad.usda.gov/ or by calling (703) 305-1166.

D. Applicants selected for funding will complete a grant agreement, which
outlines the terms and conditions of the grant award.

E. Grantees will be reimbursed as follows:

1. SF-270, "Request for Advance or Reimbursement," will be completed by the
grantee in accordance with 7 CFR part 3000 or any successor regulations.

2. Upon receipt of a properly completed SF-270, the funds will be requested
through the field office terminal system. Ordinarily, payment will be made
within 30 days after receipt of a proper request for reimbursement.

3. Grantees are encouraged to use women- and minority-owned banks (a bank which
is owned at least 50 percent by women or minority group members) for the deposit
and disbursement of funds.

F. Any change in the scope of the project, budget adjustments of more than 10
percent of the total budget, or any other significant change in the project must
be reported to and approved by the approval official by written amendment to the
grant agreement. Any change not approved may be cause for termination of the
grant.

G. Grantees shall constantly monitor performance to ensure that time schedules
are being met, projected work by time periods is being accomplished, and other
performance objectives are being achieved. The Grantee will provide project
reports as follows:

1. SF-425, "Financial Status Report (short form)," and a project performance
activity report will be required of all grantees on a quarterly basis, due 30
days after the end of each quarter.

2. A final project performance report will be required with the last SF-425 due
90 days after the end of the last quarter in which the project is completed. The
final report may serve as the last quarterly report.

3. All multi-State grantees are to submit an original of each report to the
National Office. Grantees serving only one State are to submit an original of
each report to the State Office. The project performance reports should detail,
preferably in a narrative format, activities that have transpired for the
specific time period.

H. The grantee will provide an audit report or financial statements as follows:

1. Grantees expending $500,000 or more Federal funds per fiscal year will submit
an audit conducted in accordance 7 CFR part 3052 or any successor regulation
with OMB Circular A-133 or any successor guidance from OMB. The audit will be
submitted within 9 months after the grantee's fiscal year. Additional audits may
be required if the project period covers more than one fiscal year.

2. Grantees expending less than $500,000 will provide annual financial
statements covering the grant period, consisting of the organization's statement
of income and expense and balance sheet signed by an appropriate official of the
organization. Financial statements will be submitted within 90 days after the
grantee's fiscal year.

3. Recipient and Subrecipient Reporting.

The applicant must have the necessary processes and systems in place to comply
with the reporting requirements for first-tier sub-awards and executive
compensation under the Federal Funding Accountability and Transparency Act of
2006 in the event the applicant receives funding unless such applicant is exempt
from such reporting requirements pursuant to 2 CFR part 170, § 170.110(b). The
reporting requirements under the Transparency Act pursuant to 2 CFR part 170 are
as follows:

(a) First Tier Sub-Awards of $25,000 or more in non-Recovery Act funds (unless
they are exempt under 2 CFR part 170) must be reported by the Recipient to
http://www.fsrs.gov no later than the end of the month following the month the
obligation was made. Please note that currently underway is a consolidation of
eight federal procurement systems, including the Sub-award Reporting System
(FSRS), into one system, the System for Award Management (SAM). As result the
FSRS will soon be consolidated into and accessed through
https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/.

(b) The Total Compensation of the Recipient's Executives (5 most highly
compensated executives) must be reported by the Recipient (if the Recipient
meets the criteria under 2 CFR part 170) to
https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/ by the end of the month following the
month in which the award was made.

(c) The Total Compensation of the Subrecipient's Executives (5 most highly
compensated executives) must be reported by the Subrecipient (if theSubrecipient
meets the criteria under 2 CFR part 170) to the Recipient by the end of the
month following the month in which the subaward was made.
VII. Agency Contacts

A. Web site: http://www.usda.gov/rus/water. The Rural Utilities Service Web site
maintains up-to-date resources and contact information for the RFP.

B. Phone: 202-720-9589.

C. Fax: 202-690-0649.

D. Email: Joyce M.Taylor@wdc.usda.gov

E. Main point of contact: Joyce M. Taylor, Community Programs Specialist, Water
and Environmental Programs, Water Programs Division, Rural Utilities Service,
U.S. Department of Agriculture.
VIII. Non-Discrimination Statement
USDA Non-Discrimination Statement

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) prohibits discrimination against its
customers, employees, and applicants for employment on the bases of race, color,
national origin, age, disability, sex, gender identity, religion, reprisal, and
where applicable, political beliefs, marital status, familial or parental
status, sexual orientation, or all or part of an individual's income is derived
from any public assistance program, or protected genetic information in
employment or in any program or activity conducted or funded by the Department.
(Not all prohibited bases will apply to all programs and/or employment
activities.)
How To File a Complaint

If you wish to file an employment complaint, you must contact your agency's EEO
Counselor within 45 days of the date of the alleged discriminatory act, event,
or in the case of a personnel action. Additional information can be found online
at http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_file.html.

If you wish to file a Civil Rights program complaint of discrimination, complete
the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint Form (PDF), found online at
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html, or at any USDA office, or
call (866) 632-9992 to request the form. You may also write a letter containing
all of the information requested in the form. Send your completed complaint form
or letter to us by mail at U.S. Department of Agriculture, Director, Office of
Adjudication, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-9410, by fax
(202) 690-7442 or email at program.intake@usda.gov
Persons With Disabilities

Individuals who are deaf, hard of hearing or have speech disabilities and you
wish to file either an EEO or program complaint please contact USDA through the
Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339 or (800) 845-6136 (in Spanish).

Persons with disabilities who wish to file a program complaint, please see
information above on how to contact us by mail directly or by email. If you
require alternative means of communication for program information (e.g.,
Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.) please contact USDA's TARGET Center at
(202) 720-2600 (voice and TDD).
Dated: January 6, 2015.
Jasper Schneider,
Acting Administrator, Rural Utilities Service.
[FR Doc. 2015-02702 Filed 2-11-15; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE 3410-15-P

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              23 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 17, 2016 Saturday

Washington: Durbin Announces $25.3 Million For Rural Development Projects In
Illinois

LENGTH: 693  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Dick Durbin has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Senator Dick Durbin (D-IL) today announced that the U.S. Department of
Agriculture (USDA) has awarded $25,323,840 in federal funding, including
$3,011,840 in grant awards, to support rural development projects across
Illinois. Today's funding, provided through the USDA's Rural Business
Development grant and loan programs, will support water and waste infrastructure
projects and local economic development.





 "This federal investment will create local, good-paying jobs in communities
across Illinois, in addition to helping protect public health, safety, and
welfare of their residents," Durbin said.



 Emergency Community Water Assistance Program



 The Emergency Community Water Assistance Program is used to help communities
prepare for, or recover from, a natural disaster that threatens the availability
of safe, reliable drinking water for households and businesses. Additionally,
Emergency Community Water Assistance Grants seek to save taxpayer dollars by
establishing good practices that improve the environment and assist local
manufacturers and other types of businesses in expanding operations.



 ·         Greene County Rural Water (Carrollton, Illinois): awarded an
Emergency Community Water Assistance Grant of $35,840 to restore two areas that
were damaged due to heavy rains and flash flooding.



 ·         Jersey County Rural Water Company (Jerseyville, Illinois): awarded an
Emergency Community Water Assistance Grant of $150,000 to restore eleven areas
that were damaged due to heavy rains and flash flooding.



 Water and Waste Disposal Program



 The Rural Water and Waste Disposal Loan Program is used to develop drinking
water and waste disposal systems, including solid waste disposal and storm
drainage systems in rural areas and towns with populations under 10,000. Funds
are available to public entities such as municipalities, counties,
special-purpose districts, Indian tribes, and corporations not operated for
profit. Additionally, Water and Waste Disposal Grants seek to reduce water and
waste disposal costs to a reasonable level for rural areas.



 ·         City of Monticello (Monticello, Illinois): awarded a Water and Waste
Disposal Loan of $14,285,000 to construct a new wastewater treatment plant. This
new wastewater treatment plant will serve over 5,500 residents in Monticello.



 ·         EJ Water Cooperative (Dieterich, Illinois): awarded a Water and Waste
Disposal Loan of $1,730,000 to construct 57 miles of water main and related
appurtenances. This new water main will supply safe drinking water to
approximately 132 residents in Shelby, Cumberland and Christian counties.



 ·         Mound City (Mound City, Illinois): awarded a Water and Waste Disposal
Loan of $1,770,000 and a grant of $969,000 to construct a new wastewater
treatment plant. This new wastewater treatment plant will serve approximately
588 residents in Mound City.



 ·         Scottville Rural Water Company (Palmyra, Illinois): awarded a Water
and Waste Disposal Loan of $497,000 to guarantee the loan file for Scottsville
Rural Water Company with CNB Bank & Trust, NA in Carrollton acting as the
lender.



 ·         Village of Aroma Park (Aroma Park, Illinois): awarded a Water and
Waste Disposal Loan of $1,420,000 and a grant of $1,000,000 to replace 13,100
linear feet of deteriorating iron ductile force sewer main with PVC piping. This
new project will serve approximately 743 residents in Aroma Park.



 ·         Village of Palmyra (Palmyra, Illinois): awarded a Water and Waste
Disposal Loan of $726,000 and a grant of $241,000 to construct a new pedestal
tank, appurtenances, PVC pipe, and five flushing hydrants.





 ·         Washington County Water Company (Nashville, Illinois): awarded a
Water and Waste Disposal Loan of $1,884,000 and a grant of $616,000 to construct
40 miles of water line in rural Randolph County. This new project will provide
safe drinking water to approximately 126 residents in Randolph County.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              24 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 17, 2016 Saturday

Washington: Durbin Announces $25.3 Million For Rural Development Projects In
Illinois

LENGTH: 693  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Dick Durbin has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Senator Dick Durbin (D-IL) today announced that the U.S. Department of
Agriculture (USDA) has awarded $25,323,840 in federal funding, including
$3,011,840 in grant awards, to support rural development projects across
Illinois. Today's funding, provided through the USDA's Rural Business
Development grant and loan programs, will support water and waste infrastructure
projects and local economic development.





 "This federal investment will create local, good-paying jobs in communities
across Illinois, in addition to helping protect public health, safety, and
welfare of their residents," Durbin said.



 Emergency Community Water Assistance Program



 The Emergency Community Water Assistance Program is used to help communities
prepare for, or recover from, a natural disaster that threatens the availability
of safe, reliable drinking water for households and businesses. Additionally,
Emergency Community Water Assistance Grants seek to save taxpayer dollars by
establishing good practices that improve the environment and assist local
manufacturers and other types of businesses in expanding operations.



 ·         Greene County Rural Water (Carrollton, Illinois): awarded an
Emergency Community Water Assistance Grant of $35,840 to restore two areas that
were damaged due to heavy rains and flash flooding.



 ·         Jersey County Rural Water Company (Jerseyville, Illinois): awarded an
Emergency Community Water Assistance Grant of $150,000 to restore eleven areas
that were damaged due to heavy rains and flash flooding.



 Water and Waste Disposal Program



 The Rural Water and Waste Disposal Loan Program is used to develop drinking
water and waste disposal systems, including solid waste disposal and storm
drainage systems in rural areas and towns with populations under 10,000. Funds
are available to public entities such as municipalities, counties,
special-purpose districts, Indian tribes, and corporations not operated for
profit. Additionally, Water and Waste Disposal Grants seek to reduce water and
waste disposal costs to a reasonable level for rural areas.



 ·         City of Monticello (Monticello, Illinois): awarded a Water and Waste
Disposal Loan of $14,285,000 to construct a new wastewater treatment plant. This
new wastewater treatment plant will serve over 5,500 residents in Monticello.



 ·         EJ Water Cooperative (Dieterich, Illinois): awarded a Water and Waste
Disposal Loan of $1,730,000 to construct 57 miles of water main and related
appurtenances. This new water main will supply safe drinking water to
approximately 132 residents in Shelby, Cumberland and Christian counties.



 ·         Mound City (Mound City, Illinois): awarded a Water and Waste Disposal
Loan of $1,770,000 and a grant of $969,000 to construct a new wastewater
treatment plant. This new wastewater treatment plant will serve approximately
588 residents in Mound City.



 ·         Scottville Rural Water Company (Palmyra, Illinois): awarded a Water
and Waste Disposal Loan of $497,000 to guarantee the loan file for Scottsville
Rural Water Company with CNB Bank & Trust, NA in Carrollton acting as the
lender.



 ·         Village of Aroma Park (Aroma Park, Illinois): awarded a Water and
Waste Disposal Loan of $1,420,000 and a grant of $1,000,000 to replace 13,100
linear feet of deteriorating iron ductile force sewer main with PVC piping. This
new project will serve approximately 743 residents in Aroma Park.



 ·         Village of Palmyra (Palmyra, Illinois): awarded a Water and Waste
Disposal Loan of $726,000 and a grant of $241,000 to construct a new pedestal
tank, appurtenances, PVC pipe, and five flushing hydrants.





 ·         Washington County Water Company (Nashville, Illinois): awarded a
Water and Waste Disposal Loan of $1,884,000 and a grant of $616,000 to construct
40 miles of water line in rural Randolph County. This new project will provide
safe drinking water to approximately 126 residents in Randolph County.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              25 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 16, 2016 Friday

Washington: Tester Announces $2 Million to Upgrade Rural Water Systems

LENGTH: 801  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Jon Tester has issued the following news
release:



 Senator Jon Tester announced today that five Montana towns will receive nearly
$2 million in federal funding to improve their water and waste disposal
infrastructure.





 "Clean water is our most precious resource and every community needs a reliable
water system in place that can support families and businesses," Tester said.
"Investing in our state's water infrastructure is critically important for the
health of rural economies. This money will go a long way in upgrading local
water infrastructure that is badly needed across Montana."



 Tester helped secure funding for the USDA Rural Development's (RUS) Water and
Waste Disposal Loan Grant Program, which specifically helps communities with
fewer than 10,000 residents modernize their water treatment and waste systems.



 Tester serves on the subcommittee tasked with writing the Agriculture
Department's annual budget.



 He says this funding will allow rural communities to expand the capacity,
reliability, and cleanliness of their water systems which benefits residents,
the environment, and economic development alike. The breakdown of awards by city
and project is as follows:



 Gallatin Gateway - $310,000 (loan) + $125,000 (grant)

 Gallatin Gateway is a rural community that was first established in the 1880's.
This funding will go toward installing the town's first centralized sewer system
to address inefficiencies and public health concerns from the existing septic
tanks, drainage fields and wells.



     "Wastewater systems form the most basic elements of community
infrastructure," said Matt Donnelly, General Manager of the Gallatin Gateway
County Water & Sewer District. "And we are so grateful to USDA's Rural
Development program, to Senator Tester's office, and to the various State of
Montana agencies for helping to make our project a reality. The outcomes of this
project will be cleaner water for our residents and for the Gallatin River."



 Harlem - $110,000 (grant)

 As a result of a court order that found that the discharge from Harlem's
wastewater management system into the nearby Milk River violated environmental
standards, the city managed to raise enough money to overhaul their current
system. Part of this was a $4.9 million grant from RUS, but when construction
bid amounts exceeded the original estimates for the project, the USDA went back
and added an additional $110,000 in funding to complete the new system.



     "This funding will supplement the original grant we received from the USDA,
as well as the money we raise through state and local agencies, to revamp our
water and waste systems here in Harlem" said Mayor Bill Taylor. "This funding
will really help limit any additional charges for water usage, so we can keep
the state's waterways clean without passing on huge price increases to our
residents."



 Geraldine - $140,000 (grant)

 This funding will go toward repairing the town's primary water storage tank
that was installed about a decade ago, but has since developed a leak. Fixing
this storage tank will ensure the city of Geraldine has enough water to serve
its residents, fight nearby fires, and supply the farmers and ranchers that live
and work along the Hawarden and Geraldine water lines.



     "We're just really glad to benefit from this, and we really appreciate all
the help from Rural Development on this project," said Perry Joyce, Mayor of
Geraldine.



 Lodge Grass - $442,366 (grant)

 This grant will help purchase and install a 250,000 gallon elevated tank to
replace the current storage tank, a back-up generator for the water treatment
plant, and radio read water meters.



 Hysham - $134,000 (loan) + $700,000 (grant)

 This funding will be used to purchase and install a 250,000 gallon elevated
water storage tank to replace the current storage tank, a back-up generator for
the water treatment plant, and replacement of all cast iron mains in the
distribution system.



     "This is the second grant we've received toward our $3 million water
project," said Hysham Mayor Larry Fink. "And the citizens of the town of Hysham
are very thankful for all of Senator Jon Tester's support in making sure the
funding for USDA Rural Development loans and grants remain intact."



 As a member of the Senate Appropriations Committee, Tester has worked hard to
boost funding for RUS's Water and Waste Disposal grant and loan
program-particularly through his work on the Agriculture Appropriations
Subcommittee. Back in June, Tester announced another $1.5 million in funding
through the same Water and Waste Disposal Grant Loan Program for the cities of
Cut Bank, Thompson Falls, and the town of Plains.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              26 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 16, 2016 Friday

Washington: Tester Announces $2 Million to Upgrade Rural Water Systems

LENGTH: 801  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Jon Tester has issued the following news
release:



 Senator Jon Tester announced today that five Montana towns will receive nearly
$2 million in federal funding to improve their water and waste disposal
infrastructure.





 "Clean water is our most precious resource and every community needs a reliable
water system in place that can support families and businesses," Tester said.
"Investing in our state's water infrastructure is critically important for the
health of rural economies. This money will go a long way in upgrading local
water infrastructure that is badly needed across Montana."



 Tester helped secure funding for the USDA Rural Development's (RUS) Water and
Waste Disposal Loan Grant Program, which specifically helps communities with
fewer than 10,000 residents modernize their water treatment and waste systems.



 Tester serves on the subcommittee tasked with writing the Agriculture
Department's annual budget.



 He says this funding will allow rural communities to expand the capacity,
reliability, and cleanliness of their water systems which benefits residents,
the environment, and economic development alike. The breakdown of awards by city
and project is as follows:



 Gallatin Gateway - $310,000 (loan) + $125,000 (grant)

 Gallatin Gateway is a rural community that was first established in the 1880's.
This funding will go toward installing the town's first centralized sewer system
to address inefficiencies and public health concerns from the existing septic
tanks, drainage fields and wells.



     "Wastewater systems form the most basic elements of community
infrastructure," said Matt Donnelly, General Manager of the Gallatin Gateway
County Water & Sewer District. "And we are so grateful to USDA's Rural
Development program, to Senator Tester's office, and to the various State of
Montana agencies for helping to make our project a reality. The outcomes of this
project will be cleaner water for our residents and for the Gallatin River."



 Harlem - $110,000 (grant)

 As a result of a court order that found that the discharge from Harlem's
wastewater management system into the nearby Milk River violated environmental
standards, the city managed to raise enough money to overhaul their current
system. Part of this was a $4.9 million grant from RUS, but when construction
bid amounts exceeded the original estimates for the project, the USDA went back
and added an additional $110,000 in funding to complete the new system.



     "This funding will supplement the original grant we received from the USDA,
as well as the money we raise through state and local agencies, to revamp our
water and waste systems here in Harlem" said Mayor Bill Taylor. "This funding
will really help limit any additional charges for water usage, so we can keep
the state's waterways clean without passing on huge price increases to our
residents."



 Geraldine - $140,000 (grant)

 This funding will go toward repairing the town's primary water storage tank
that was installed about a decade ago, but has since developed a leak. Fixing
this storage tank will ensure the city of Geraldine has enough water to serve
its residents, fight nearby fires, and supply the farmers and ranchers that live
and work along the Hawarden and Geraldine water lines.



     "We're just really glad to benefit from this, and we really appreciate all
the help from Rural Development on this project," said Perry Joyce, Mayor of
Geraldine.



 Lodge Grass - $442,366 (grant)

 This grant will help purchase and install a 250,000 gallon elevated tank to
replace the current storage tank, a back-up generator for the water treatment
plant, and radio read water meters.



 Hysham - $134,000 (loan) + $700,000 (grant)

 This funding will be used to purchase and install a 250,000 gallon elevated
water storage tank to replace the current storage tank, a back-up generator for
the water treatment plant, and replacement of all cast iron mains in the
distribution system.



     "This is the second grant we've received toward our $3 million water
project," said Hysham Mayor Larry Fink. "And the citizens of the town of Hysham
are very thankful for all of Senator Jon Tester's support in making sure the
funding for USDA Rural Development loans and grants remain intact."



 As a member of the Senate Appropriations Committee, Tester has worked hard to
boost funding for RUS's Water and Waste Disposal grant and loan
program-particularly through his work on the Agriculture Appropriations
Subcommittee. Back in June, Tester announced another $1.5 million in funding
through the same Water and Waste Disposal Grant Loan Program for the cities of
Cut Bank, Thompson Falls, and the town of Plains.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              27 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 18, 2014 Friday

Nevada: USDA Provides Aid to 73,000 Rural Californians Impacted by Drought

LENGTH: 892  words

DATELINE: Carson City


United States Department of agriculture, The State of Nevada has issued the
following news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced USDA is providing $9.7 million
in emergency water assistance to 73,000 residents in 11 California counties
experiencing the driest year on record.

"This drought is devastating those who live, work and raise their families in
much of rural California," Vilsack said. "It is threatening the survival of
whole communities and livelihoods of folks throughout the state. From Siskiyou
County in the north to Kern County in the south, this disaster is crippling
communities up and down the 600-mile spine of California.

"The emergency water grants we are announcing today are triple the amount we
committed to when President Obama and I visited the state earlier this year,"
Vilsack added. "I am proud of the work USDA Rural Development staff in
California and Washington, D.C., have done to get this funding to those in need
and the work they have done with municipal leaders in these rural communities to
help residents, businesses and agricultural producers."

Extreme weather, such as the intense drought occurring in the western United
States, is putting a strain on water supplies. The Obama Administration is
committed to increasing investments in the nation's water infrastructure to
mitigate the impact of climate change and to ensure that all Americans have
adequate, safe and reliable water supplies. The National Climate Assessment
released earlier this year illustrates the impact of climate change across the
country.

This announcement is part of broader Obama Administration efforts to help those
impacted by the drought. Through the National Drought Resilience Partnership,
launched as part of President Obama's Climate Action Plan, federal agencies are
working closely with states, local governments, agriculture and other partners
on a coordinated response.

The 25 rural California communities are being helped by funding provided through
USDA's Emergency Community Water Assistance Grant (ECWAG) program. This program
helps rural communities that have experienced a significant decline in the
quantity or quality of drinking water due to an emergency. In January, USDA
streamlined the program's application process to expedite emergency water
assistance to communities in need, particularly in drought-impacted areas.

In addition to support from the ECWAG program, USDA is helping rural communities
meet their water needs through Water and Waste Disposal loans and grants and
Special Evaluation Assistance for Rural Communities and Households (SEARCH)
grants. USDA Rural Development has also approved grant funding to establish a
revolving fund to provide low-interest loans to rural homeowners for household
water wells.

For example, the small community of Cameron Creek Colony in Tulare County is
struggling due to severe drought. About 10 percent of its residents have no
access to water because their wells have run dry. Others have only intermittent
access.

The city of Farmersville, Calif., is receiving a $500,000 ECWAG grant to
construct pipelines connecting Cameron Creek Colony to the Farmersville water
main and linking residents to the water system. This will provide much-needed
relief throughout the community.

The grants announced today are contingent upon the recipients meeting the terms
of the grant agreement.

Since the start of the Obama Administration, USDA Rural Development has invested
more than $310 million to help 345,000 rural Californians receive improved water
or wastewater services.

As California suffers through this drought, the Administration has taken action
to help those struggling to cope with the hardships it has caused, including:

Designated 57 counties as disaster areas, making farmers and ranchers eligible
for emergency loans.
    Targeted $25 million from the Environmental Quality Incentives Program to
help farmers and ranchers implement conservation practices to conserve water,
protect fields from erosion and improve access to water for livestock.
    Invested $5 million in emergency watershed protection.
    Provided $7.6 million to livestock producers through the cost-sharing
Emergency Conservation Program.
    Invested $750,000 to reduce aquatic weeds clogging irrigation screens, pumps
and canals in the Sacramento and San Joaquin River delta.
    Set aside $3.3 million of a $30 million national investment to mitigate
wildfire threats, protect water resources and provide habitat for at-risk
species.
    Made continuing research investments in water conservation and use
efficiency, as well as capacity grants for the University of California's
Institute for Water Resources.
    Established a network of climate hubs, including a sub-hub in Davis, for
risk adaptation and mitigation to climate change.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities. USDA's
investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that stands as
the backbone of our American values.

For more information please visit: http://www.usda.gov/

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              28 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 21, 2014 Monday

Nevada: USDA Provides Aid to 73,000 Rural Californians Impacted by Drought

LENGTH: 962  words

DATELINE: Carson City


United States Department of agriculture, The State of Nevada has issued the
following news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced USDA is providing $9.7 million
in emergency water assistance to 73,000 residents in 11 California counties
experiencing the driest year on record.

"This drought is devastating those who live, work and raise their families in
much of rural California," Vilsack said. "It is threatening the survival of
whole communities and livelihoods of folks throughout the state. From Siskiyou
County in the north to Kern County in the south, this disaster is crippling
communities up and down the 600-mile spine of California.

"The emergency water grants we are announcing today are triple the amount we
committed to when President Obama and I visited the state earlier this year,"
Vilsack added. "I am proud of the work USDA Rural Development staff in
California and Washington, D.C., have done to get this funding to those in need
and the work they have done with municipal leaders in these rural communities to
help residents, businesses and agricultural producers."

Extreme weather, such as the intense drought occurring in the western United
States, is putting a strain on water supplies. The Obama Administration is
committed to increasing investments in the nation's water infrastructure to
mitigate the impact of climate change and to ensure that all Americans have
adequate, safe and reliable water supplies. The National Climate Assessment
released earlier this year illustrates the impact of climate change across the
country.

This announcement is part of broader Obama Administration efforts to help those
impacted by the drought. Through the National Drought Resilience Partnership,
launched as part of President Obama's Climate Action Plan, federal agencies are
working closely with states, local governments, agriculture and other partners
on a coordinated response.

The 25 rural California communities are being helped by funding provided through
USDA's Emergency Community Water Assistance Grant (ECWAG) program. This program
helps rural communities that have experienced a significant decline in the
quantity or quality of drinking water due to an emergency. In January, USDA
streamlined the program's application process to expedite emergency water
assistance to communities in need, particularly in drought-impacted areas.

In addition to support from the ECWAG program, USDA is helping rural communities
meet their water needs through Water and Waste Disposal loans and grants and
Special Evaluation Assistance for Rural Communities and Households (SEARCH)
grants. USDA Rural Development has also approved grant funding to establish a
revolving fund to provide low-interest loans to rural homeowners for household
water wells.

For example, the small community of Cameron Creek Colony in Tulare County is
struggling due to severe drought. About 10 percent of its residents have no
access to water because their wells have run dry. Others have only intermittent
access.

The city of Farmersville, Calif., is receiving a $500,000 ECWAG grant to
construct pipelines connecting Cameron Creek Colony to the Farmersville water
main and linking residents to the water system. This will provide much-needed
relief throughout the community.

The grants announced today are contingent upon the recipients meeting the terms
of the grant agreement.

Since the start of the Obama Administration, USDA Rural Development has invested
more than $310 million to help 345,000 rural Californians receive improved water
or wastewater services.

As California suffers through this drought, the Administration has taken action
to help those struggling to cope with the hardships it has caused, including:

Designated 57 counties as disaster areas, making farmers and ranchers eligible
for emergency loans.
    Targeted $25 million from the Environmental Quality Incentives Program to
help farmers and ranchers implement conservation practices to conserve water,
protect fields from erosion and improve access to water for livestock.
    Invested $5 million in emergency watershed protection.
    Provided $7.6 million to livestock producers through the cost-sharing
Emergency Conservation Program.
    Invested $750,000 to reduce aquatic weeds clogging irrigation screens, pumps
and canals in the Sacramento and San Joaquin River delta.
    Set aside $3.3 million of a $30 million national investment to mitigate
wildfire threats, protect water resources and provide habitat for at-risk
species.
    Made continuing research investments in water conservation and use
efficiency, as well as capacity grants for the University of California's
Institute for Water Resources.
    Established a network of climate hubs, including a sub-hub in Davis, for
risk adaptation and mitigation to climate change.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities. USDA's
investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that stands as
the backbone of our American values.

#

USDA is an equal opportunity provider and employer. To file a complaint of
discrimination, write to USDA, Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights, Office of
the Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights, 1400 Independence Avenue, S.W., Stop
9410, Washington, DC 20250-9410, or call toll-free at (866) 632-9992 (English)
or (800) 877-8339 (TDD) or (866) 377-8642 (English Federal-relay) or (800)
845-6136 (Spanish Federal-relay)

For more information please visit: http://www.usda.gov/

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              29 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 22, 2014 Tuesday

Nevada: USDA Provides Aid to 73,000 Rural Californians Impacted by Drought

LENGTH: 892  words

DATELINE: Carson City


United States Department of agriculture, The State of Nevada has issued the
following news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced USDA is providing $9.7 million
in emergency water assistance to 73,000 residents in 11 California counties
experiencing the driest year on record.

"This drought is devastating those who live, work and raise their families in
much of rural California," Vilsack said. "It is threatening the survival of
whole communities and livelihoods of folks throughout the state. From Siskiyou
County in the north to Kern County in the south, this disaster is crippling
communities up and down the 600-mile spine of California.

"The emergency water grants we are announcing today are triple the amount we
committed to when President Obama and I visited the state earlier this year,"
Vilsack added. "I am proud of the work USDA Rural Development staff in
California and Washington, D.C., have done to get this funding to those in need
and the work they have done with municipal leaders in these rural communities to
help residents, businesses and agricultural producers."

Extreme weather, such as the intense drought occurring in the western United
States, is putting a strain on water supplies. The Obama Administration is
committed to increasing investments in the nation's water infrastructure to
mitigate the impact of climate change and to ensure that all Americans have
adequate, safe and reliable water supplies. The National Climate Assessment
released earlier this year illustrates the impact of climate change across the
country.

This announcement is part of broader Obama Administration efforts to help those
impacted by the drought. Through the National Drought Resilience Partnership,
launched as part of President Obama's Climate Action Plan, federal agencies are
working closely with states, local governments, agriculture and other partners
on a coordinated response.

The 25 rural California communities are being helped by funding provided through
USDA's Emergency Community Water Assistance Grant (ECWAG) program. This program
helps rural communities that have experienced a significant decline in the
quantity or quality of drinking water due to an emergency. In January, USDA
streamlined the program's application process to expedite emergency water
assistance to communities in need, particularly in drought-impacted areas.

In addition to support from the ECWAG program, USDA is helping rural communities
meet their water needs through Water and Waste Disposal loans and grants and
Special Evaluation Assistance for Rural Communities and Households (SEARCH)
grants. USDA Rural Development has also approved grant funding to establish a
revolving fund to provide low-interest loans to rural homeowners for household
water wells.

For example, the small community of Cameron Creek Colony in Tulare County is
struggling due to severe drought. About 10 percent of its residents have no
access to water because their wells have run dry. Others have only intermittent
access.

The city of Farmersville, Calif., is receiving a $500,000 ECWAG grant to
construct pipelines connecting Cameron Creek Colony to the Farmersville water
main and linking residents to the water system. This will provide much-needed
relief throughout the community.

The grants announced today are contingent upon the recipients meeting the terms
of the grant agreement.

Since the start of the Obama Administration, USDA Rural Development has invested
more than $310 million to help 345,000 rural Californians receive improved water
or wastewater services.

As California suffers through this drought, the Administration has taken action
to help those struggling to cope with the hardships it has caused, including:

Designated 57 counties as disaster areas, making farmers and ranchers eligible
for emergency loans.
    Targeted $25 million from the Environmental Quality Incentives Program to
help farmers and ranchers implement conservation practices to conserve water,
protect fields from erosion and improve access to water for livestock.
    Invested $5 million in emergency watershed protection.
    Provided $7.6 million to livestock producers through the cost-sharing
Emergency Conservation Program.
    Invested $750,000 to reduce aquatic weeds clogging irrigation screens, pumps
and canals in the Sacramento and San Joaquin River delta.
    Set aside $3.3 million of a $30 million national investment to mitigate
wildfire threats, protect water resources and provide habitat for at-risk
species.
    Made continuing research investments in water conservation and use
efficiency, as well as capacity grants for the University of California's
Institute for Water Resources.
    Established a network of climate hubs, including a sub-hub in Davis, for
risk adaptation and mitigation to climate change.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities. USDA's
investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that stands as
the backbone of our American values.

For more information please visit: http://www.usda.gov/

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              30 of 159 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                            November 16, 2015 Monday

Washington: Manchin and Capito Announce More Than $12 Million in Funding from
U.S. Department of Agriculture

LENGTH: 518 words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Washington: Office of the Senator Joe Manchin has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Senators  Joe Manchin (D-WV) and Shelley Moore Capito (R-WV) today
announced loans and grants for five projects in West Virginia to develop water
and wastewater infrastructure. The funds have been awarded by the United States
Department of Agriculture (USDA) and will provide rural communities with the
resources necessary to improve or repair their water and wastewater systems.





 USDA has awarded $12,246,000 to four West Virginia communities for projects in
the Water and Waste Disposal Loan and Grant Program. This program provides
crucial funding for projects that promote clean drinking water systems, sanitary
sewage and solid waste disposal, and storm water drainage to households and
businesses.



 Additionally, a $500,000 grant has been awarded to the Mingo County Public
Service District for the Emergency Community Water Assistance Grant (ECWAG)
program, which assists in the preparation or recovery process for emergencies
threatening the availability of safe and reliable drinking water.



 &ldquo;It is important to invest in infrastructure projects like these that
make sure our communities are connected to the basic necessities of life, like
water,&rdquo; Senator Manchin said. &ldquo;All West Virginians deserve access to
clean and safe water, and this funding will improve our water systems to ensure
the health and safety of our residents. This project will also help boost
economic development, protect tourism activities in these regions and improve
the prosperity of our families, businesses and communities. I will continue to
work to make these commonsense infrastructure investments a reality.&rdquo;



 &ldquo;It is essential that every West Virginian have access to clean water.
This funding will not only assist rural communities throughout the state in
repairing and establishing safer and more reliable water and waste systems, but
it will also help solidify local economies,&rdquo; said Senator Capito. &ldquo;I
am pleased to join Senator Manchin in announcing this important funding that
will help to strengthen our communities and keep our residents healthy.&rdquo;



 Individual awards are listed below:



 Water and Waste Disposal Loan and Grant Program



     $719,000 loan/$936,000 grant &ndash; Cottageville Public Service District:
Funding will be used to support the Phase II Sewer Project.

     $6,073,000 loan &ndash; City of Elkins: Funding will be used for water
system improvements.

     $1,782,000 loan/$750,000 grant &ndash; Logan County Public Service
District: Funding will be used towards the Big Harts Phase III Water Project.

     $1,105,000 loan/$881,000 grant &ndash; City of Welch: Funding will
contribute to waterline replacement on McDowell Street and riverside.



 Emergency Community Water Assistance Grants Program



     $500,000 grant &ndash; Mingo County Public Service District: Funding will
support emergency flooding recovery projects in Mingo County.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              31 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 21, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: SCHUMER, GILLIBRAND ANNOUNCE MORE THAN $1.7 MILLON IN FED FUNDING
FOR WATER INFRASTRUCTURE UPGRADES IN TOWNS OF ARCADIA AND SODUS

LENGTH: 604  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Charles E. Schumer has issued the following
news release:



 U.S. Senators Charles E. Schumer and Kirsten Gillibrand today announced
$1,770,000 in federal funding for the Towns of Arcadia and Sodus, located in
Wayne County, to make new investments in local water infrastructure. The funding
was allocated through the U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) Rural
Development Water and Waste Disposal Loan and Grant Program. Specifically, for
the Town of Arcadia, this funding comes in the form of a $500,000 grant and a
$961,000 low-interest loan. This federal investment will allow the town to
access municipal water sources and bring residents on to the public water
source. The Town of Sodus will receive a $138,000 grant and a $171,000
low-interest loan that will allow it to extend its public water system along
South Geneva Road, thereby bringing more residents municipal water. It will do
this by connecting the road to the town's existing water system. Schumer and
Gillibrand said this is critical because many residents are facing issues with
well-water sources due to this summer's drought.





 "With these new funds, the Towns of Arcadia and Sodus will be better able to
provide municipal water access to more residents, and particularly those running
out of water due to this summer's drought," said Senator Schumer. "These
infrastructure upgrades will help ensure that our water systems are operating
safely and conveniently for the people of Arcadia and Sodus for years to come.
Nothing is more important than making sure our families have access to clean
drinking water, and I'm committed to delivering the resources our local
communities need to provide it."



 "These federal funds will allow the Towns of Arcadia and Sodus to increase
access to municipal water sources the community," said Senator Gillibrand, a
member of the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee. "This upgrade to
the towns' water infrastructure will help protect the health and quality of life
for residents by delivering clean water to more local families."



 "Until now, The Town of Arcadia has been ineligible for USDA Rural Development
funding due to the Village of Newark's population being combined with ours,
putting us over the ten thousand person threshold," said Jon Verkey, Supervisor
of the Town of Arcadia. "This is the first time in seven years we have been able
to acquire funding which will allow the Town of Arcadia to have municipal water,
as many people are running out, due to drought. I believe this is a great
accomplishment for the Town of Arcadia and will further improve the quality of
life here for all residents."



 "I can't thank USDA Rural Development enough for funding yet another water
project in our town," said Steven LeRoy, Supervisor of the Town of Sodus. "In
the 11 years I've been Supervisor of the Town of Sodus, we have nearly tripled
our public water system. With these funds, we will have the ability to further
extend our public water system along South Geneva Road via a connection to the
existing Town water system. This project as well as other essential
infrastructure projects for the Town of Sodus have been a direct result of the
great support we've received from Rural Development."



 USDA Rural Development's Water and Waste Disposal Program provides loans and
grants to ensure that the necessary investments are made in water and wastewater
infrastructure to deliver safe drinking water and protect the environment in
rural areas.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              32 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 20, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: Schumer, Gillibrand Announce More Than $1.7 Million In Fed Funding
For Water Infrastructure Upgrades In Towns Of Arcadia And Sodus

LENGTH: 604  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Kirsten Gillibrand has issued the following
news release:



 U.S. Senators Charles E. Schumer and Kirsten Gillibrand today announced
$1,770,000 in federal funding for the Towns of Arcadia and Sodus, located in
Wayne County, to make new investments in local water infrastructure. The funding
was allocated through the U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) Rural
Development Water and Waste Disposal Loan and Grant Program. Specifically, for
the Town of Arcadia, this funding comes in the form of a $500,000 grant and a
$961,000 low-interest loan. This federal investment will allow the town to
access municipal water sources and bring residents on to the public water
source. The Town of Sodus will receive a $138,000 grant and a $171,000
low-interest loan that will allow it to extend its public water system along
South Geneva Road, thereby bringing more residents municipal water. It will do
this by connecting the road to the town's existing water system. Schumer and
Gillibrand said this is critical because many residents are facing issues with
well-water sources due to this summer's drought.





 "With these new funds, the Towns of Arcadia and Sodus will be better able to
provide municipal water access to more residents, and particularly those running
out of water due to this summer's drought," said Senator Schumer. "These
infrastructure upgrades will help ensure that our water systems are operating
safely and conveniently for the people of Arcadia and Sodus for years to come.
Nothing is more important than making sure our families have access to clean
drinking water, and I'm committed to delivering the resources our local
communities need to provide it."



 "These federal funds will allow the Towns of Arcadia and Sodus to increase
access to municipal water sources the community," said Senator Gillibrand, a
member of the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee. "This upgrade to
the towns' water infrastructure will help protect the health and quality of life
for residents by delivering clean water to more local families."



 "Until now, The Town of Arcadia has been ineligible for USDA Rural Development
funding due to the Village of Newark's population being combined with ours,
putting us over the ten thousand person threshold," said Jon Verkey, Supervisor
of the Town of Arcadia. "This is the first time in seven years we have been able
to acquire funding which will allow the Town of Arcadia to have municipal water,
as many people are running out, due to drought. I believe this is a great
accomplishment for the Town of Arcadia and will further improve the quality of
life here for all residents."



 "I can't thank USDA Rural Development enough for funding yet another water
project in our town," said Steven LeRoy, Supervisor of the Town of Sodus. "In
the 11 years I've been Supervisor of the Town of Sodus, we have nearly tripled
our public water system. With these funds, we will have the ability to further
extend our public water system along South Geneva Road via a connection to the
existing Town water system. This project as well as other essential
infrastructure projects for the Town of Sodus have been a direct result of the
great support we've received from Rural Development."



 USDA Rural Development's Water and Waste Disposal Program provides loans and
grants to ensure that the necessary investments are made in water and wastewater
infrastructure to deliver safe drinking water and protect the environment in
rural areas.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com a

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              33 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 20, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: Schumer, Gillibrand Announce More Than $1.7 Million In Fed Funding
For Water Infrastructure Upgrades In Towns Of Arcadia And Sodus

LENGTH: 604  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Kirsten Gillibrand has issued the following
news release:



 U.S. Senators Charles E. Schumer and Kirsten Gillibrand today announced
$1,770,000 in federal funding for the Towns of Arcadia and Sodus, located in
Wayne County, to make new investments in local water infrastructure. The funding
was allocated through the U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) Rural
Development Water and Waste Disposal Loan and Grant Program. Specifically, for
the Town of Arcadia, this funding comes in the form of a $500,000 grant and a
$961,000 low-interest loan. This federal investment will allow the town to
access municipal water sources and bring residents on to the public water
source. The Town of Sodus will receive a $138,000 grant and a $171,000
low-interest loan that will allow it to extend its public water system along
South Geneva Road, thereby bringing more residents municipal water. It will do
this by connecting the road to the town's existing water system. Schumer and
Gillibrand said this is critical because many residents are facing issues with
well-water sources due to this summer's drought.





 "With these new funds, the Towns of Arcadia and Sodus will be better able to
provide municipal water access to more residents, and particularly those running
out of water due to this summer's drought," said Senator Schumer. "These
infrastructure upgrades will help ensure that our water systems are operating
safely and conveniently for the people of Arcadia and Sodus for years to come.
Nothing is more important than making sure our families have access to clean
drinking water, and I'm committed to delivering the resources our local
communities need to provide it."



 "These federal funds will allow the Towns of Arcadia and Sodus to increase
access to municipal water sources the community," said Senator Gillibrand, a
member of the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee. "This upgrade to
the towns' water infrastructure will help protect the health and quality of life
for residents by delivering clean water to more local families."



 "Until now, The Town of Arcadia has been ineligible for USDA Rural Development
funding due to the Village of Newark's population being combined with ours,
putting us over the ten thousand person threshold," said Jon Verkey, Supervisor
of the Town of Arcadia. "This is the first time in seven years we have been able
to acquire funding which will allow the Town of Arcadia to have municipal water,
as many people are running out, due to drought. I believe this is a great
accomplishment for the Town of Arcadia and will further improve the quality of
life here for all residents."



 "I can't thank USDA Rural Development enough for funding yet another water
project in our town," said Steven LeRoy, Supervisor of the Town of Sodus. "In
the 11 years I've been Supervisor of the Town of Sodus, we have nearly tripled
our public water system. With these funds, we will have the ability to further
extend our public water system along South Geneva Road via a connection to the
existing Town water system. This project as well as other essential
infrastructure projects for the Town of Sodus have been a direct result of the
great support we've received from Rural Development."



 USDA Rural Development's Water and Waste Disposal Program provides loans and
grants to ensure that the necessary investments are made in water and wastewater
infrastructure to deliver safe drinking water and protect the environment in
rural areas.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com a

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              34 of 159 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                            November 9, 2015 Monday

Washington: Capito and Manchin Announce More Than $12 Million in Funding from
U.S. Department of Agriculture

LENGTH: 489  words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Washington: Office of the Senator Shelley Moore Capito has issued the
following news release:



 U.S. Senators Shelley Moore Capito (R-W.Va.) and Joe Manchin (D-W.Va.) today
announced loans and grants for five projects in West Virginia to develop water
and wastewater infrastructure. The funds have been awarded by the United States
Department of Agriculture (USDA) and will provide rural communities with the
resources necessary to improve or repair their water and wastewater systems.





 USDA has awarded $12,246,000 to four West Virginia communities for projects in
the Water and Waste Disposal Loan and Grant Program. This program provides
crucial funding for projects that promote clean drinking water systems, sanitary
sewage and solid waste disposal, and storm water drainage to households and
businesses.



 Additionally, a $500,000 grant has been awarded to the Mingo County Public
Service District for the Emergency Community Water Assistance Grant (ECWAG)
program, which assists in the preparation or recovery process for emergencies
threatening the availability of safe and reliable drinking water.



 &ldquo;It is essential that every West Virginian have access to clean water.
This funding will not only assist rural communities throughout the state in
repairing and establishing safer and more reliable water and waste systems, but
it will also help solidify local economies,&rdquo; said Senator Capito. &ldquo;I
am pleased to join Senator Manchin in announcing this important funding that
will help to strengthen our communities and keep our residents healthy.&rdquo;



 &ldquo;It is important to invest in infrastructure projects like these that
make sure our communities are connected to the basic necessities of life, like
water,&rdquo; Senator Manchin said. &ldquo;All West Virginians deserve access to
clean and safe water, and this funding will improve our water systems to ensure
the health and safety of our residents. This project will also help boost
economic development, protect tourism activities in these regions and improve
the prosperity of our families, businesses and communities. I will continue to
work to make these commonsense infrastructure investments a reality.&rdquo;



 Individual awards are listed below:



 Water and Waste Disposal Loan and Grant Program



     $719,000 loan/$936,000 grant &ndash; Cottageville Public Service District:
Funding will be used to support the Phase II Sewer Project.



     $6,073,000 loan &ndash; City of Elkins: Funding will be used for water
system improvements.



     $1,782,000 loan/$750,000 grant &ndash; Logan County Public Service
District: Funding will be used towards the Big Harts Phase III Water Project.



     $1,105,000 loan/$881,000 grant &ndash; City of Welch: Funding will
contribute to waterline replacement on McDowell Street and riverside.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              35 of 159 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                            November 9, 2015 Monday

Washington: Capito and Manchin Announce More Than $12 Million in Funding from
U.S. Department of Agriculture

LENGTH: 489  words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Washington: Office of the Senator Shelley Moore Capito has issued the
following news release:



 U.S. Senators Shelley Moore Capito (R-W.Va.) and Joe Manchin (D-W.Va.) today
announced loans and grants for five projects in West Virginia to develop water
and wastewater infrastructure. The funds have been awarded by the United States
Department of Agriculture (USDA) and will provide rural communities with the
resources necessary to improve or repair their water and wastewater systems.





 USDA has awarded $12,246,000 to four West Virginia communities for projects in
the Water and Waste Disposal Loan and Grant Program. This program provides
crucial funding for projects that promote clean drinking water systems, sanitary
sewage and solid waste disposal, and storm water drainage to households and
businesses.



 Additionally, a $500,000 grant has been awarded to the Mingo County Public
Service District for the Emergency Community Water Assistance Grant (ECWAG)
program, which assists in the preparation or recovery process for emergencies
threatening the availability of safe and reliable drinking water.



 &ldquo;It is essential that every West Virginian have access to clean water.
This funding will not only assist rural communities throughout the state in
repairing and establishing safer and more reliable water and waste systems, but
it will also help solidify local economies,&rdquo; said Senator Capito. &ldquo;I
am pleased to join Senator Manchin in announcing this important funding that
will help to strengthen our communities and keep our residents healthy.&rdquo;



 &ldquo;It is important to invest in infrastructure projects like these that
make sure our communities are connected to the basic necessities of life, like
water,&rdquo; Senator Manchin said. &ldquo;All West Virginians deserve access to
clean and safe water, and this funding will improve our water systems to ensure
the health and safety of our residents. This project will also help boost
economic development, protect tourism activities in these regions and improve
the prosperity of our families, businesses and communities. I will continue to
work to make these commonsense infrastructure investments a reality.&rdquo;



 Individual awards are listed below:



 Water and Waste Disposal Loan and Grant Program



     $719,000 loan/$936,000 grant &ndash; Cottageville Public Service District:
Funding will be used to support the Phase II Sewer Project.



     $6,073,000 loan &ndash; City of Elkins: Funding will be used for water
system improvements.



     $1,782,000 loan/$750,000 grant &ndash; Logan County Public Service
District: Funding will be used towards the Big Harts Phase III Water Project.



     $1,105,000 loan/$881,000 grant &ndash; City of Welch: Funding will
contribute to waterline replacement on McDowell Street and riverside.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              36 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 23, 2015 Saturday

SCHUMER CALLS ON USDA TO MEET WITH LOCALS REGARDING EXPENSIVE FLOOD REPAIR AND
MITIGATION PROJECTS; VILLAGE OF AVON WAS PUMMELED BY RECENT FLOODS & NOW THE
VILLIAGE COULD BE STUCK PAYING FOR EXPENSIVE PROJECTS TO UPDATE LOCAL WATER
SYSTEM INFRASTRUCTURE

LENGTH: 1207  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Charles E.Schumer, U.S Government has issued the following
news release:

U.S. Senator Charles E. Schumer today urged the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) to meet with locals in the Village of Avon in Livingston County to help
find ways to make repairs and upgrades to its storm water infrastructure
possible in order to prevent future flood damage. Schumer explained that in July
2014 and May 2015, the small village and its residents and businesses
experienced severe damage due storm-induced flooding. The flooding deluged
homes, business, roads, and infrastructure and caused costly damage. In the
aftermath, the village worked with an engineering consultant to study and
develop a storm water improvement report, which was presented to the public this
week. The report analyzed the existing drain water system infrastructure and
identified several specific choke point "hot spot" points in the system that are
not adequately able to handle storm water loads. The report recommended
improvements to the village's storm water infrastructure as a result of this
report, but locals say the small village might have difficulty footing the cost
of massive repairs. As a result, Schumer is pushing the USDA to direct agency
personnel to meet with representatives from his office and with the Mayor and
officials from the Village of Avon to find ways to make improvements a reality
and pursue available grant and financing programs.

"Small villages like Avon are under immense financial pressure, and the federal
government should be doing everything it can to help fund these kinds of water
infrastructure projects so area residents and businesses are not left holding
the bag. These back-to-back storms in 2014 and 2015 overwhelmed the storm water
infrastructure in the area and made it clear updates are desperately needed. The
village has even identified systems and culverts that can be updated - but it
cannot shoulder this cost alone without passing along a very heavy burden to
local taxpayers. So I am urging the USDA to direct personnel to the area to meet
with locals and identify funding opportunities so we can make these improvements
a reality and make these absolutely vital repairs so the Village of Avon can
better withstand future storms," said Schumer.

Schumer explained that the report identifies several improvement opportunities
such as construction of detention ponds on local agricultural lands and upsizing
of culverts to better manage and safely divert storm water loads. However, a
large price tag could force locals to bear an unfair tax burden for repairs or
stymie the village's effort to guard against future floods altogether. As a
result, Schumer is asking the USDA to meet with his office and locals in the
Village of Avon to find a way to make repairs possible by exploring and
identifying available federal and state funding streams. Many residents have
endured localized flooding over past years caused by routine rains, further
highlighting the need to address the region's storm water system deficiencies as
soon as possible.

In July 2014, Avon was pummeled with over eight inches of rain that fell within
an eight hour span and flooded homes and business. The resulting floods tore up
several roads and overwhelmed or damaged culverts and storm water
infrastructure. While Avon officials and residents worked since July to repair
the damage and evaluate needed upgrades to avoid damage from future storms, the
area was hit by another storm in May 2015 that dropped four inches of rain in
one hour that deluged homes, business, roads, and infrastructure and caused
costly damage. Schumer's request to explore potential USDA funding comes a month
after Schumer successfully pushed New York State to make more grants, as opposed
to loans, available this year to communities applying for funding through the
NYS Environmental Facilities Corporation (EFC). Schumer said NYS will now make
$46 million in grants available this year, as a result of his push, on top of
loan awards to towns that apply for funding for water and wastewater
infrastructure projects. Schumer said he would support Avon if and when it
decided to apply for EFC financing to fund these water projects.

A copy of Senator Schumer's letter to the USDA appears below:

Dear Secretary Vilsack:

I am writing you today to request your agency's attention and support to assist
the Village of Avon, NY assess and pursue available USDA funding in order to
repair and upgrade storm water infrastructure and undertake flood mitigation
improvements needed to prevent damage from future storm-induced flood events
like those experience by Avon last July and again this month.  Specifically I
ask that you direct agency personnel from USDA agencies such as USDA Rural
Development, USDA Rural Utility Service, and the USDA National Resources
Conservation Service (NRCS) to meet with representatives from my office and with
the Mayor and officials from the Village of Avon, NY to pursue available grant
and financing programs.

The need to improve the Village's storm water infrastructure was underscored
this past July 28-29, 2014 when Avon was pummeled with over eight inches of rain
that fell within an eight hour span and flooded homes and business, tore up
several roads and overwhelmed or damaged culverts and storm water
infrastructure.  And while Avon officials and residents worked since July to
repair the damage and evaluate needed upgrades to avoid damage from future
storms, just this month on May 11, 2015 the area was hit by another storm that
dropped four inches of rain in one hour that deluged homes, business, roads, and
infrastructure and caused costly damage.  And even apart from these particular
storm events, many residents have endured localized flooding over past years
caused by routine rains further highlighting the need to address the region's
storm water system deficiencies.

Fortunately, the Village of Avon together with their engineering consultant has
developed a storm water improvement report that was presented to the public this
week.  The report analyzed the existing drain water system infrastructure and
identified several specific choke point "hot spot" points in the system that are
not adequately able to handle storm water loads.  The report identifies several
improvement opportunities such as construction of detention ponds on local
agricultural lands and upsizing of culverts to better manage and safely divert
storm water loads.

Avon is a small, three-square mile municipality and as such is limited in its
ability to self-fund many of these improvements.  That is why I am asking for
USDA's assistance to help officials identify and apply for federal funding
assistance.  In particular the USDA Rural Development's Water & Waste Disposal
Loan & Grant Program, the Community Facilities Loans, Loan Guarantees, and
Grants programs, or USDA's Rural Infrastructure Opportunity Fund that is jointly
funded program with CoBank are a few of the financing programs offered through
USDA that may fund the types of storm water repairs and upgrades identified by
the Village of Avon.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              37 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 17, 2013 Monday

Massive USDA Investment Will Allow City of Norwich to Construct New Water
Treatment Plant in Norwich Through Rural Development Program - Current WTP Is
Over Century Old

LENGTH: 742  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Gillibrand, U.S Government has issued the following news
release:

Today, United States Senators Charles E. Schumer and Kirsten E. Gillibrand
announced that the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Rural Development Program
will award the City of Norwich with a $5,022,000 Water and Waste Disposal Loan
and Grant. Specifically, this $4,022,000 loan and $1,000,000 grant will go
towards the construction of a much-needed water treatment plant (WTP) in
Norwich, to replace a century-old facility.

In March 2013, Schumer argued in his letter to the USDA that a new WTP is
integral to the City and its residents. Schumer highlighted that the city will
now be able to replace its aging WTP thanks to this federal funding from the
USDA.

"I am pleased to announce that the USDA has heeded my call and will provide this
massive investment to the City of Norwich, which will mean a huge boost for the
economic development and quality of life in the City as cleaner drinking water
flows into the region," said Senator Schumer. "Moreover, the USDA's loan and
grant will create jobs in the short term for the City of Norwich as it improves
the infrastructure necessary for future economic growth. The current water
treatment plant in Norwich is over a century old and hampering the City's
ability to attract new businesses. Without this USDA funding, the City of
Norwich's plan to build a new water treatment plant would have been left out to
dry."

"When we invest in key water infrastructure like this, we can deliver clean
drinking water to more families in the City of Norwich, and help strengthen the
local economy," Senator Gillibrand said. "Upgrading water infrastructure is an
effective way to attract new businesses and support new local jobs. And by
making these investments at the federal level, we can help hold the line on
property bills to help Norwich families keep more of what they earn."

"This is a project we've been working on for quite a while. We're very excited
to be able to move forward. We're extremely appreciative of the help we've
received from Senator Schumer, Senator Gillibrand and Congressman Hanna," said
City of Norwich Mayor Joseph Maiurano.  Infrastructure is vital not only to the
residents of Norwich, but also for the Economic Development of Chenango County."

Schumer pushed for the funding in a letter to Sec. Vilsack in March, in which he
noted that the current WTP in Norwich was constructed in 1904. Furthermore,
Schumer pointed out that the plant has not been renovated since 1998. The City's
water filtration system has recently operated under a significantly decreased
capacity due to the deteriorating conditions of the plant. Schumer highlighted
that the plant significant renovation or replacement in order to meet the
residents' needs for clean water. This $4,022,00 loan and $1,000,000 grant from
the USDA will be crucial to meeting the City's goals for a better quality of
life and cleaner water for its residents.

A copy of Senator Schumer's letter to Secretary Vilsack appears below:

Dear Secretary Vilsack,

I write in support of the City of Norwich's request for $5,022,000 USDA Rural
Development Grant/Loan package for the construction of a new surface water
treatment plant (WTP). The WTP is integral to the City. Its replacement is
contingent upon the ability to secure the aforementioned funding. Without the
Grant/Loan package, the City of Norwich simply cannot undertake the replacement
of their outdated surface water treatment plant.

The current WTP was constructed in 1904. The last renovations to the building
occurred in 1998. It has recently been operating under a significantly decreased
capacity due to the conditions of the plant. In order to return to optimum
capability, the plant will need significant renovation, ideally complete
replacement. It is easy to see that this USDA Grant/Loan package would greatly
assuage concerns to Norwich created by the ailing plant.

I certainly think this allocation of funding would be prudent. This project is
the epitome of one which supports the economy and quality of life in rural
America. The importance of critical infrastructure that supports a population as
considerable as Norwich's cannot be overstated.

Thank you for your consideration. Please do not hesitate to contact me should
you have any questions or need additional information.

Sincerely,

Charles E. Schumer

For further information please visit: http://www.gillibrand.senate.gov

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              38 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 17, 2013 Monday

SCHUMER, GILLIBRAND ANNOUNCE OVER $5 MILLION IN FEDERAL INVESTMENT TO HELP
IMPROVE WATER SERVICE TO CITY OF NORWICH RESIDENTS

LENGTH: 743  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Charles E. Schumer, U.S Government has issued the
following news release:

Today, United States Senators Charles E. Schumer and Kirsten E. Gillibrand
announced that the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Rural Development Program
will award the City of Norwich with a $5,022,000 Water and Waste Disposal Loan
and Grant. Specifically, this $4,022,000 loan and $1,000,000 grant will go
towards the construction of a much-needed water treatment plant (WTP) in
Norwich, to replace a century-old facility.

In March 2013, Schumer argued in his letter to the USDA that a new WTP is
integral to the City and its residents. Schumer highlighted that the city will
now be able to replace its aging WTP thanks to this federal funding from the
USDA.

"I am pleased to announce that the USDA has heeded my call and will provide this
massive investment to the City of Norwich, which will mean a huge boost for the
economic development and quality of life in the City as cleaner drinking water
flows into the region," said Senator Schumer. "Moreover, the USDA's loan and
grant will create jobs in the short term for the City of Norwich as it improves
the infrastructure necessary for future economic growth. The current water
treatment plant in Norwich is over a century old and hampering the City's
ability to attract new businesses. Without this USDA funding, the City of
Norwich's plan to build a new water treatment plant would have been left out to
dry."

"When we invest in key water infrastructure like this, we can deliver clean
drinking water to more families in the City of Norwich, and help strengthen the
local economy," Senator Gillibrand said. "Upgrading water infrastructure is an
effective way to attract new businesses and support new local jobs. And by
making these investments at the federal level, we can help hold the line on
property bills to help Norwich families keep more of what they earn."

"This is a project we've been working on for quite a while. We're very excited
to be able to move forward. We're extremely appreciative of the help we've
received from Senator Schumer, Senator Gillibrand and Congressman Hanna," said
City of Norwich Mayor Joseph Maiurano.  Infrastructure is vital not only to the
residents of Norwich, but also for the Economic Development of Chenango County."

Schumer pushed for the funding in a letter to Sec. Vilsack in March, in which he
noted that the current WTP in Norwich was constructed in 1904. Furthermore,
Schumer pointed out that the plant has not been renovated since 1998. The City's
water filtration system has recently operated under a significantly decreased
capacity due to the deteriorating conditions of the plant. Schumer highlighted
that the plant significant renovation or replacement in order to meet the
residents' needs for clean water. This $4,022,00 loan and $1,000,000 grant from
the USDA will be crucial to meeting the City's goals for a better quality of
life and cleaner water for its residents.

A copy of Senator Schumer's letter to Secretary Vilsack appears below:

Dear Secretary Vilsack,

I write in support of the City of Norwich's request for $5,022,000 USDA Rural
Development Grant/Loan package for the construction of a new surface water
treatment plant (WTP). The WTP is integral to the City. Its replacement is
contingent upon the ability to secure the aforementioned funding. Without the
Grant/Loan package, the City of Norwich simply cannot undertake the replacement
of their outdated surface water treatment plant.

The current WTP was constructed in 1904. The last renovations to the building
occurred in 1998. It has recently been operating under a significantly decreased
capacity due to the conditions of the plant. In order to return to optimum
capability, the plant will need significant renovation, ideally complete
replacement. It is easy to see that this USDA Grant/Loan package would greatly
assuage concerns to Norwich created by the ailing plant.

I certainly think this allocation of funding would be prudent. This project is
the epitome of one which supports the economy and quality of life in rural
America. The importance of critical infrastructure that supports a population as
considerable as Norwich's cannot be overstated.

Thank you for your consideration. Please do not hesitate to contact me should
you have any questions or need additional information.

Sincerely,

Charles E. Schumer

For further information please visit: http://www.schumer.senate.gov

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              39 of 159 DOCUMENTS


                        The Jamestown Sun (North Dakota)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           September 13, 2016 Tuesday

BRIEF: Area groups get water grants

BYLINE: The Jamestown Sun, N.D.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 210 words


Sept. 13--The Barnes Rural Water District, city of Oakes and Southeast Water
Users District received loans and/or grant funding for water infrastructure
projects in North Dakota, Ryan Taylor, U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural
Development state director, announced Monday.

Barnes Rural Water District received a $625,000 loan. The funding will continue
work to expand water services to 214 users in the city of Kathryn and
surrounding area.

The city of Oakes received a $480,000 loan and $607,500 grant. The funding will
be used for reconstruction of several internal and external dikes for the lagoon
and for new water meters.

Southeast Water Users District received a more than $4.7 million loan. The
funding will be used for a system-wide expansion that has potential to add 550
new users.

USDA is investing $6.4 million in the water and wastewater infrastructure
projects through Rural Development's Water and Waste Disposal Loan and Grant
Program. The program provides technical assistance and financing to develop
drinking water and waste disposal systems for communities with 10,000 or fewer
residents.

___ (c)2016 The Jamestown Sun (Jamestown, N.D.) Visit The Jamestown Sun
(Jamestown, N.D.) at www.jamestownsun.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160913-QJ-BRF-Area-groups-get-water-grants-0913-20160913

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QJ


                        Copyright 2016 The Jamestown Sun


                              40 of 159 DOCUMENTS


                              The Lima News (Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            December 31, 2010 Friday

Cairo nets water grant, loan

BYLINE: Heather Rutz, The Lima News, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 314 words


Dec. 31--CAIRO -- The village received good news it awaited about a grant and
loan to fund infrastructure required to bring water to Cairo.

The village will receive a total of about $2.5 million, including a $702,000
grant and a $1.7 million loan, U.S. Sen. Sherrod Brown's office announced
Thursday.

The village will contract with the city of Lima for water but needs to build
pipes that will tap into a line owned by the Allen Water District. Construction
is expected to take about two years.

The funding comes from the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Rural Development
Water and Waste Disposal Loan and Grant Program.

"All Ohioans deserve access to clean water, but too many communities are
struggling to afford costly, but necessary, upgrades to sewer systems," Brown
said.

Village residents currently use well water and more than a year ago expressed
interest in treated water. After hiring an engineering firm to provide options,
the village decided buying water from Lima was cheaper than building its own
system.

The village first needed a contract with Lima for the water to obtain the grant
and loan. Residents will be required to tap in, but they'll save on water
softeners and homeowner insurance because fire hydrants will mean rate drops.

Residential customers will pay the same base rate as Lima residents, plus a 50
percent contract fee. The average water usage in Lima is 600 cubic feet, which
costs $12.01, Lima Utilities Director Gary Sheely has said. Residents for that
usage would pay another $6. Commercial and industrial users have different
rates.

To see more of The Lima News or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.limanews.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Lima News, Ohio Distributed by
McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information about the content
services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services (MCT), visit
www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: December 31, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20101231-LM-Cairo-nets-water-grant-loan-1231-20101231

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LM


                          Copyright 2010 The Lima News


                              41 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 18, 2017 Saturday

Washington: Costa Statement on President Trump's FY2018 Budget Blueprint

LENGTH: 1583  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Jim Costa has issued the following news release:



 Today, Rep. Jim Costa (CA-16) released the following statement on President
Donald Trump's FY2018 Budget Blueprint.



 "For someone who was elected with strong support from rural America, the
President's budget blueprint shows very little consideration for the people who
live in America's farming communities. Federal grants, like the Community
Development Block Grant and TIGER Grant, are critical funding streams for our
San Joaquin Valley, and President Trump wants to completely eliminate them.
Furthermore, the budget blueprint cuts the U.S. Department of Agriculture's
(USDA) budget by 21 percent. The USDA oversees an array of programs, from
supporting Valley farmers, investing in rural development, increasing drought
resilience to managing forest cleanup and wildfire prevention.





 "By adding $54 billion in military spending and cutting core programs, like
those that ensure safe drinking water, provide protection from floods, fund
cancer research and invest in our children's education, the budget blueprint
shifts the fundamental way in which the federal government supports the American
people.  This proposal would prove to have negative consequences for the
majority of Americans, and in failing to address the main drivers of the federal
debt, it is not a serious outline to putting our country on a path forward for
fiscal sustainability."

 Summary of cuts in Budget Blueprint:

 Department of Agriculture



 The President's 2018 Budget requests $17.9 billion for USDA, a $4.7 billion or
21 percent decrease.



 Eliminates the following programs:



     Water and Waste Disposal Loan and Grant Program: Provides funding for clean
drinking water, sanitary sewage disposal and storm-water drainage programs in
rural areas.

     Rural Business and Cooperative Service's discretionary programs: Provides
financial assistance for economic development programs in rural communities,
including renewable energy and biofuel initiatives.

     McGovern-Dole International Food for Education Program: Supports education,
child development and food security initiatives in low-income, food-deficit
countries around the world.



 Department of Commerce



 The President's 2018 Budget requests $7.8 billion for the Department of
Commerce, a $1.5 billion or 16 percent decrease.



 Eliminates the following programs:



     Economic Development Administration: Provides grants and assistance to
create new jobs, retain businesses and stimulate growth in economically
distressed communities.

     Minority Business Development Agency: Promotes the growth of minority-owned
businesses through advocacy, policy, research and access to capital and
contracts.

     Manufacturing Extension Partnership: Regional centers that assist smaller,
U.S. manufacturing companies with adopting new technologies.



 Department of Education



 The President's 2018 Budget provides $59 billion in discretionary funding for
the Department of Education, a $9 billion or 13 percent reduction.



 Eliminates the following programs:



     Supporting Effective Instruction State Grants: Provides grants to
non-profit organizations that recruit and provide professional enhancement for
teachers and principals.

     21st Century Community Learning Centers: Supports community learning
centers that provide before-and after-school programs for children, particularly
those in high-poverty areas.

     Federal Supplemental Educational Opportunity Grant: Provides need-based
grants of up to $4,000 to low-income undergraduates for postsecondary education.


     Striving Readers: Helps states fund literacy programs for children, birth
through grade 12, including those with disabilities and limited English.

     Teacher Quality Partnership: Funds initiatives aimed at improving the
quality of new teachers through better development and recruiting methods.

     Impact Aid Support Payments for Federal Property: Provides funding to
school districts that have a diminished tax base due to federal property
ownership in the district.



 Department of Energy



 The President's 2018 Budget requests $28.0 billion for DOE, a $1.7 billion or
5.6 percent decrease.



 Eliminates the following programs:



     Advanced Research Projects Agency-Energy: Provides funding and support to
short-term energy research projects aimed at improving the U.S. economy,
environment and national security.

     Title 17 Innovative Technology Loan Guarantee Program: Provides loans to
support the use of new energy technology.

     Advanced Technology Vehicle Manufacturing Program: Provides loans to
automotive and component manufacturers for facilities and engineering that
support advanced technology vehicles.

     Weatherization Assistance Program: Provides grants to local governments to
improve weatherization and energy efficiency of homes of low-income residents.

     State Energy Program: Supports local State Energy Offices in advancing
energy efficiency and infrastructure.



 Department of Health and Human Services



 The President's 2018 Budget requests $69.0 billion for HHS, a $15.1 billion or
17.9 percent decrease.



 Eliminates the following programs:



     Low Income Home Energy Assistance Program: Provides assistance to low
income families to help pay for their home's energy bills and some
energy-related maintenance.

     Community Services Block Grant: Funds projects aimed at reducing poverty in
communities, including projects focused on education, nutrition, employment and
housing.



 Department of Housing and Urban Development



 The President's 2018 Budget requests $40.7 billion in gross discretionary
funding for HUD, a $6.2 billion or 13.2 percent decrease.



 Eliminates funding for the following programs:



     Community Development Block Grant Program: Funds programs that assist
low-income people with housing issues, including the elimination of urban blight
and other community programs.

     HOME Investment Partnerships Program: Provides block grants to state and
local governments to create affordable housing solutions for low-income
households.

     Choice Neighborhoods: Funds programs to replace distressed public housing
and promotes investment for neighborhood improvement.

     Self-Help Homeownership Opportunity Program: Funds nonprofit organizations
that build new housing for low-income families through sweat equity and
volunteer labor, like Habitat for Humanity.

     Section 4 Capacity Building for Community Development and Affordable
Housing: Works with nonprofit groups to fund community development and
affordable housing initiatives aimed at low-income families.



 Department of Labor



 The President's 2018 Budget requests $9.6 billion for the Department of Labor,
a $2.5 billion or 21 percent decrease.



 Eliminates the following programs:



     Senior Community Service Employment Program: A community service and
work-based job training program for older Americans, including training for
low-income, unemployed seniors.

     Bureau of International Labor Affairs grant program: Provides funding for
research initiatives and projects in over 94 countries to combat child labor and
forced labor.

     Occupational Safety and Health Administration training grants: Provides
grants for training and education programs for employers and workers on the
prevention of safety and health hazards in the workplace.



 Department of Transportation



 The President's 2018 Budget requests $16.2 billion for DOT's discretionary
budget, a $2.4 billion or 13 percent decrease.



 Eliminates the following programs:



     Federal support for Amtrak's long distance train services: Subsidizes the
cost of traveling on Amtrak's long-distance routes.

     Essential Air Service: Subsidizes airlines for regular flights to and from
small and midsize regional airports like those in the San Joaquin Valley.

     TIGER discretionary grant program: Provides transportation infrastructure
grants to state, local and tribal governments.



 Environmental Protection Agency



 The President's 2018 Budget requests $5.7 billion for the Environmental
Protection Agency, a savings of $2.6 billion, or 31 percent decrease.



 Eliminates the following programs:



     Clean Power Plan: Creates national standards for carbon pollution from
power plants and helps states develop and deploy clean energy alternatives.

     International climate change programs: Promotes clean and efficient energy
technologies and the sharing of scientific climate research through multilateral
initiatives and treaties.

     Climate change research and partnership programs: Research and report on
climate change's impact on the U.S.

     Energy Star: Certifies and recognizes buildings and consumer products that
meet specific energy-efficiency criteria.

     Targeted Air Shed grants: Assists local and state air pollution control
agencies in developing plans and implementing projects to reduce air pollution
in highly polluted areas, like the San Joaquin Valley.



 Small Business Administration



 The President's 2018 Budget requests $826.5 million for SBA, a $43.2 million or
5.0 percent decrease.



 Eliminates the following programs:



     PRIME technical assistance grants: Provides training and technical
assistance to organizations that help disadvantaged entrepreneurs.

     Regional Innovation Clusters: Supports public-private partnerships
concentrated in regional groups to strengthen small businesses.

     Growth Accelerators: Funds startups that support underserved communities
and areas with less access to venture capital.

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              42 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 20, 2014 Sunday

Washington: USDA Provides Aid to 73,000 Rural Californians Impacted by Drought

LENGTH: 554  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Agriculture, The Government of USA has issued the following
news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced USDA is providing $9.7 million
in emergency water assistance to 73,000 residents in 11 California counties
experiencing the driest year on record.

"This drought is devastating those who live, work and raise their families in
much of rural California," Vilsack said. "It is threatening the survival of
whole communities and livelihoods of folks throughout the state. From Siskiyou
County in the north to Kern County in the south, this disaster is crippling
communities up and down the 600-mile spine of California.

"The emergency water grants we are announcing today are triple the amount we
committed to when President Obama and I visited the state earlier this year,"
Vilsack added. "I am proud of the work USDA Rural Development staff in
California and Washington, D.C., have done to get this funding to those in need
and the work they have done with municipal leaders in these rural communities to
help residents, businesses and agricultural producers."

Extreme weather, such as the intense drought occurring in the western United
States, is putting a strain on water supplies. The Obama Administration is
committed to increasing investments in the nation's water infrastructure to
mitigate the impact of climate change and to ensure that all Americans have
adequate, safe and reliable water supplies. The National Climate Assessment
released earlier this year illustrates the impact of climate change across the
country.

This announcement is part of broader Obama Administration efforts to help those
impacted by the drought. Through the National Drought Resilience Partnership,
launched as part of President Obama's Climate Action Plan, federal agencies are
working closely with states, local governments, agriculture and other partners
on a coordinated response.

The 25 rural California communities are being helped by funding provided through
USDA's Emergency Community Water Assistance Grant (ECWAG) program. This program
helps rural communities that have experienced a significant decline in the
quantity or quality of drinking water due to an emergency. In January, USDA
streamlined the program's application process to expedite emergency water
assistance to communities in need, particularly in drought-impacted areas.

In addition to support from the ECWAG program, USDA is helping rural communities
meet their water needs through Water and Waste Disposal loans and grants and
Special Evaluation Assistance for Rural Communities and Households (SEARCH)
grants. USDA Rural Development has also approved grant funding to establish a
revolving fund to provide low-interest loans to rural homeowners for household
water wells.

For example, the small community of Cameron Creek Colony in Tulare County is
struggling due to severe drought. About 10 percent of its residents have no
access to water because their wells have run dry. Others have only intermittent
access.

The city of Farmersville, Calif., is receiving a $500,000 ECWAG grant to
construct pipelines connecting Cameron Creek Colony to the Farmersville water
main and linking residents to the water system. This will provide much-needed
relief throughout the community.

For more information please visit: http://www.usda.gov

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              43 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            July 13, 2016 Wednesday

Regulatory update: Indiana Utility Regulatory Commission; OFFICE OF THE UTILITY
CONSUMER COUNSELOR , has issued (44754) Legal filing for Cause #44754-NONE filed
by OFFICE OF THE UTILITY CONSUMER COUNSELOR

LENGTH: 7208 words

DATELINE: New York



 Indianapolis: Indiana Utility Regulatory Commission has issued the following
document :







 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com
 STATE OF INDIANA

 INDIANA UTILITY REGULATORY COMMISSION

 PETITION OF SOUTHWESTERN BARTHOLOMEW )

 WATER CORPORATION FOR AUTHORITY TO )

 CHANGE ITS RATES AND TARIFF, AND TO ) CAUSE NO. 44754

 AUTHORIZE THE ISSUANCE OF LONG-TERM )



 DEBT. )

 SETTLEMENT TESTIMONY OF

 GREG A. FOSTER- PUBLIC'S EXHIBIT NO. 1

 ON BEHALF OF THE

 INDIANA OFFICE OF UTILITY CONSUMER COUNSELOR

 JULY 7, 2016

 Respectfully submitted,

 . Reed

 ey No. 11651-49

 Deputy Consumer Counselor

 Public 's Exhibit No. 1

 Cause No. 44754

 Page 1 of 11

 SETTLEMENT TESTIMONY OF OUCCWITNESS GREG A. FOSTER

 CAUSE NO. 44754

 SOUTHWESTERN BARTHOLOMEWWATER CORPORATION

 I. INTRODUCTION

 Q: Please state your name and 1 your business address.

 2 A: My name is Greg A. Foster, and my business address is 115 W. Washington
St., Suite 1500

 3 South Tower, Indianapolis, Indiana 46204.

 4 Q: By whom are you employed and in what capacity?

 5 A: I am employed by the Indiana Office of Utility Consumer Counselor ("OUCC")
as a Utility

 6 Analyst II in the Water/Wastewater Division focusing on accounting issues. My


 7 qualifications and experience are set forth in Appendix A.

 8 Q: Have you previously testified before the Indiana Utility Regulatory
Commission ( or

 9 "Commission")?

 10 A: Yes. I have testified in causes concerning electric, gas, water, and
wastewater utilities.

 11 Q: Please describe the review and analysis you performed.

 12 A: I read Southwest Bartholomew Water Corporation's (SBWC) application and
reviewed

 13 its schedules. I participated in an on-site review of accounting records on
April 5, 2016. I

 14 reviewed SBWC's annual reports filed with the Commission for the period 2011
through

 15 2015. I prepared discovery questions and reviewed SBWC's responses. I also
prepared

 16 schedules, which I have attached to this testimony.

 17 Q: What is the purpose of your testimony?

 18 A: The purpose of my testimony is to provide an overview of the Settlement
Agreement and

 19 explain why approval of the Settlement Agreement is in the public interest.
The

 20 Settlement Agreement is the result of negotiations with the Settling Parties
evaluating the

 Public's Exhibit No. 1

 Cause No. 44754

 Page 2 of 11

 issues and ultimately reaching a compromise in the public interest 1 to resolve
the disputed

 2 issues.

 II. EXHIBITS AND SCHEDULES

 3 Q: Are you sponsoring any exhibits or schedules?

 4 A: Yes. I am sponsoring this testimony and the Settlement Agreement's
supporting

 5 schedules. I reviewed the Stipulation and Settlement Agreement and supporting


 6 schedules, and I agree the calculations included in those schedules are
accurate and

 7 consistent with our agreement.

 8 Q: What schedules are attached to your testimony?

 9 A: The following schedules reflect the issues and testimony of the OUCC
witnesses in this

 10 Cause:

 11 Schedule 1 - Revenue Requirement (page 1)

 12 Comparison of Income Statement Adjustments (page 2)

 13 Schedule 2 - Comparative Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2011, 2012, 2013,
2014 and

 14 2015

 15 Schedule 3 - Comparative Income Statement for the Twelve Months Ended

 16 December 31, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014 and 2015

 17 Schedule 4 - Pro forma Net Operating Income Statement

 18 Schedule 5 - Revenue Adjustments

 19 Schedule 6 - Expense and Tax Adjustments

 20 Schedule 7 - Extensions and Replacements

 21 Schedule 8 - Debt Service - Ed Kaufman

 22 Schedule 9 - Debt Service Reserve - Ed Kaufman

 23 Schedule 10 - Current and Proposed Rates and Charges

 Public's Exhibit No. 1

 Cause No. 44754

 Page 3 of 11

 III. SETTLEMENT AGREEMENT

 Q: Please summarize the terms of the 1 Settlement Agreement.

 2 A: The Settlement Agreement resolves all disputed matters between the Indiana
Office of

 3 Utility Consumer Counselor (OUCC) and Southwestern Bartholomew Water
Corporation

 4 (SBWC) in this proceeding.

 5 The parties stipulate and agree the acquisition of land, and construction of
various

 6 water works improvement as described by the Preliminary Engineering Report
(PER) are

 7 necessary for Petitioner to provide reasonably adequate service. The Parties
stipulate and

 8 agree that the projected costs of the capital projects, as outlined in the
Settlement

 9 Agreement, are reasonable. The Parties also stipulate and agree that the
Petitioner does

 10 not have the funds on hand to pay for these improvements and the proposed
borrowing is

 11 a reasonable method to fund the capital projects. Because the amounts of
these several

 12 variables pertinent to Petitioner's proposed financing set forth in
Petitioner's evidence are

 13 necessarily estimates, a reconciliation, or true-up, may be required after
the financing is

 14 accomplished and the relevant amounts are known with certainty. In
recognition of this

 15 uncertainty, within thirty (30) days of closing on its long term debt
issuance, Petitioner

 16 shall file a report with the Commission and serve a copy on the OUCC,
explaining the

 17 terms of the new loan, including an amortization schedule, the amount of
debt service

 18 reserve and all issuance costs. The report should include a revised tariff
and also

 19 calculate the rate impact in a manner similar to the OUCC's schedules.
Petitioner's rates

 20 should be trued-up if necessary to match its actual cost of debt service

 Public's Exhibit No. 1

 Cause No. 44754

 Page 4 of 11

 The Parties further stipulate and agree that Petitioner 1 shall be authorized,
in two-

 2 Phases, to increase its Phase I rates and charges for water service,
across-the-board, so as

 3 to produce annual revenues of $1,636,826.

 4 Phase I, is an increase of $311,152, over annual adjusted present rate
revenues of

 5 $1,330,920. Phase II, which reflects the impact of the proposed debt service
and debt

 6 service reserve, based on more recent interest rates described in Mr.
Kaufman's

 7 testimony, is an additional increase of $107,305, to calculate an overall
revenue

 8 requirement of $1,749,597.

 9 The difference in rate increase is mainly attributable to differences in the

 10 OUCC's and SBWC's estimation of pro forma non-recurring repairs and Debt
Service

 11 and corresponding Debt Service Reserve, which I discuss below. Table 1
presents a

 12 comparison of the revenue requirements proposed by SBWC with those proposed
by the

 13 OUCC.

 (THIS SPACE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK)

 Public's Exhibit No. 1

 Cause No. 44754

 Page 5 of 11

 Table 1: Comparison of Revenue Requirement

 Per Sch OUCC

 Petitioner Phase I Phase II Total Ref More (Less)

 Operating Expenses $ 1,315,627 $ 1,305,684 $ 1,305,684 $ 1,305,684 4 $ (9,943)

 Taxes other than Income 4 -

 Extensions and Replacements 123,489 123,489 123,489 123,489 7 -

 Working Capital 14,462 14,213 14,213 14,213 (249)

 Debt Service - Existing 182,616 182,616 182,616 182,616 -

 Debt Service Reserve - Existing 10,824 10,824 10,824 10,824 -

 Debt Service - Proposed 103,672 97,750 97,750 8 (5,922)

 Debt Service Reserve - Proposed 10,367 9,775 9,775 10 (592)

 -

 Total Revenue Requirements 1,761,057 1,636,826 1,744,351 1,744,351 (16,706)

 Less: Interest Income (186) (186) (186) (186) 3 -

 Other Income 5,432 5,432 5,432 5,432 3 -

 Add: Adj to balance to Petitioner's Schedules 44 (44)

 -

 Net Revenue Requirements 1,766,347 1,642,072 1,749,597 1,749,597 (16,750)

 Less: Revenues at current rates subject to incr(e1a,s3e20,189) (1,320,189)
(1,631,342) (1,320,189) 4 -

 Other revenues at current rates (11,066) (11,066) (11,066) (11,066) 4 -

 -

 Net Revenue Increase Required 435,092 310,817 107,189 418,342 (16,750)

 Add: Additional IURC Fee 335 116 451 451

 0

 0

 Recommended Increase $ 435,092 $ 311,152 $ 107,305 $ 418,793 $ (16,299)

 Recommended Percentage Increase 32.96% 23.57% 6.58% 31.72% -1.23%

 Per Settlement

 IV. RELIEF REQUESTED

 1 Q: What rate relief does SBWC seek in this Cause?

 2 A: Petitioner requested an overall 32.96% increase in its total operating
revenues to produce

 3 additional revenues of $435,092. The increase is comprised of two-phases.
Phase I

 4 contains forecasted revenue requirements, including operating and maintenance
expenses,

 5 utility plant extensions and replacements, and existing debt obligations.1
Phase II

 6 calculation include debt service and debt service reserve requirements from
the expected

 1 Direct Testimony of Petitioner's witness Kevin W. Mullikin, CPA, Page 5,
lines 21-22.

 Public's Exhibit No. 1

 Cause No. 44754

 Page 6 of 11

 payments on the proposed long-term indebtedness to Rural 1 Development ("RD").
To

 2 assist the analysis, I have prepared my schedules to present the revenue
requirement for

 3 each separate phase.

 V. REVENUE ADJUSTMENTS

 4 Q: Do you accept Petitioner's pro forma revenue adjustments?

 5 A: Yes. I accept Petitioner's revenue adjustment to Operating Revenues.

 VI. OPERATING EXPENSE ADJUSTMENTS

 6 Q: Do you accept any of Petitioner's pro forma adjustments?

 7 A: Yes. I accept Petitioner's adjustments to Operations and Maintenance in
the categories

 8 Purchased Water, Chemicals and Salt, Salaries and Wages, Postage, Employee
Benefits,

 9 Contractual Services, Insurance, and Payroll Taxes. My only adjustment to
Operations

 10 and Maintenance is a correction related to non-recurring expense adjustment
17.

 11 Q: Please describe Petitioner's proposed adjustment 17?

 12 A: During the twelve months ended August 31, 2015, Petitioner incurred
non-recurring

 13 expenses. Non-recurring expenses are typically eliminated in order to
normalize

 14 expenses. Petitioner's proposed adjustment 17 lists non-recurring expenses
related to

 15 repairs, various contractual services, transportation (Truck Repair) and
Insurance.

 16 Table 2 details the proposed Non-Recurring Expense Adjustments by SBWC.

 Public's Exhibit No. 1

 Cause No. 44754

 Page 7 of 11

 Table 2: Non-Recurring Expense Adjustments

 1

 Repairs: INDOT Project - Bloodhound, inc $ 3,036

 $ 65

 $ 175

 INDOT Project - R. Miller Excavating 1,265

 $ 4,540

 Contractual Services INDOT Project - Commonwealth Engineers $ 3,100

 SCADA repairs - Toric 496

 SCADA repairs - Toric 1,500

 Tower Relocation - Toric 1,797

 $ 6,893

 Transportation Truck Repairs - Renner Motors $ 4,970

 Insurance Title Insurance relatign to financed property $ 914

 (17)

 Non-Recurring

 Adjustment to remove non-recurring expense incurred during the twelve months
ended August

 31,2015

 2 The amounts for the repairs, various contractual services, and Insurance were
correctly

 3 subtracted from the expense. (See Adjustment 17 Page 4 of Exhibit KWM-2).
However

 4 the transportation (Truck Repair - Renner Motors)2 was inadvertently added
actually

 5 increasing the expense. My adjustment corrects this miscalculation.

 VII. EXTENSIONS AND REPLACEMENTS

 6 Capital Improvement Program

 7 Q: What capital improvement projects is Petitioner proposing?

 2 Renner Motors replaced the engine in SBWC's 2004 Ford Ranger. (See Attachment
GAF-1)

 Public's Exhibit No. 1

 Cause No. 44754

 Page 8 of 11

 A: According to Indiana Code ] 8-1-2-125(c), which applies 1 to not-for-profit
utilities,

 2 Petitioner's rates should produce sufficient revenue to pay expenses for the
"provision for

 3 making extensions and replacements." Petitioner describes proposed projects
to be

 4 funded by the Extensions and Replacements ("E&R"). The total estimated cost
of the

 5 replacement / improvement projects is $617,445. The components of the
proposed

 6 project are summarized in Table 3.

 Table 3: Extensions and Replacements

 To reflect the average amount of extensions and replacements required over a
five year period.

 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 Total

 Line Extensions $ 2,242 $ 2,242 $ 2,242 $ 2,242 $ 2,242 $ 11,210

 AnnualMeter Replacement 60,800 60,800 60,800 60,800 243,200

 Plant Construction Improvements 47,360 47,360

 Leak Prevention 25,000 25,000 25,000 25,000 100,000

 INDOT Project SR 58 41,058 41,058

 Softener Resin Bead Replacement - Plant #1 24,770 24,770

 PersonalComputers 5,968 5,968

 Replace SCADA Radios 37,015 37,015

 Auto-Meter Read Handhelds - (2) 17,464 17,464

 Utility Truck Replacements 29,800 29,800 29,800 89,400

 -

 $ 49,602 $ 167,291 $ 158,900 $ 123,810 $ 117,842 $ 617,445

 Divided by 5 years. 5

 Average Annual Extensions and Replacements $ 123,489

 7 SBWC proposes to amortize the sub-total over the five year planning period,
which will

 8 result in an annual capital improvements allowance of $123,489.

 9 Q: Does the OUCC accept SBWC's proposed Annual E&R?

 10 A: Yes. The OUCC accepts SBWC's proposed $123,489. OUCC witness Carl Seals

 11 discusses the specific requests in his testimony.

 Public's Exhibit No. 1

 Cause No. 44754

 Page 9 of 11

 VIII. ANNUAL DEBT SERVICE

 Q: Please describe Petitioner's proposed 1 debt issuance.

 2 A: Petitioner proposes to borrow $2,230,140 for specified capital projects.
OUCC witness

 3 Carl Seals discusses the specific projects in his testimony. Petitioner
proposes to borrow

 4 the funds through the United States Department of Agriculture ("USDA"), Rural


 5 Development ("RD"), Water & Waste Disposal Loan & Grant Program. The annual

 6 debt service on Petitioner's new debt, as proposed, would be $103,672.
Petitioner

 7 existing debt service is $182,616 is per year. This would lead to a combined
debt service

 8 of $286,288.

 9 The Parties acknowledge that Petitioner will be required to issue long-term
debt to fund

 10 the construction of the capital improvements referenced above. The Parties
further

 11 acknowledge that borrowing funds from the United States Department of
Agriculture,

 12 Rural Development Division ("RD"), is a reasonable funding source for the
construction

 13 of the capital improvement project.

 14 The Parties further agree that due to the delay in a final closing with RD,
interim

 15 funds should be obtained from the Indiana Bond Bank; and maximum amounts

 16 authorized should be rounded up since the precise amounts required to be
borrowed and

 17 interest rate required to be paid are not currently known. Thus the Parties
believe that the

 18 Petitioner should be authorized to issue up to a maximum amount of
$2,235,000 at a

 19 maximum interest rate of 4.00 % for a maximum term of 40 years following the
closing

 20 of RD.

 Public's Exhibit No. 1

 Cause No. 44754

 Page 10 of 11

 The maximum interest rate of 3.125% reflects the current applicable 1 interest
rate of

 2 2.875% plus a 25 point cushion to calculate Petitioner's annual debt service
and include

 3 in Petitioner's rates $97,750 for the annual debt service on its proposed
2017 Bonds.

 4 Q: Is it the OUCC position that the Phase II rates be established using
3.125% at this

 5 time.

 6 A: No. With the loan closing anticipate in 2018, the OUCC understands that
interest rates

 7 may change between the issuance of an order in this cause and the actual loan
closing. At

 8 the time of closing the actual loan amount and interest rate will be known
for the Phase II

 9 filing. By using the 3.125% in the Phase II calculation of debt service and
debt service

 10 reserve, it was the intension of the OUCC to provide the Commission a point
of reference

 11 as to the rate impact of that debt at current interest rates.

 IX. RECOMMENDATIONS

 12 Q: What are your recommendations?

 13 A: The OUCC recommends the Commission approve the Stipulation and Settlement


 14 Agreement and find that it is in the public interest. Petitioner should be
authorized to

 15 increase its existing rates in two phases in order to fund its revenue
requirement.

 16 [#xfffd]&#130;[#xfffd] Phase 1 is designed to create additional rate revenue
of approximately $311,152

 17 which represents an increase to Petitioner's existing rates of approximately


 18 23.57%.

 19 [#xfffd]&#130;[#xfffd] Phase 2 rates should be implemented once the actual
cost of borrowing funds and

 20 the amount to be borrowed from RD is known.

 21 Q: Does this conclude your testimony?

 A: Yes.

 Public's Exhibit No. 1

 Cause No. 44754

 Page 11 of 11

 X. APPENDIX A

 QUALIFICATIONS

 Q: Please describe your educational background 1 and experience.

 2 A: I received a Bachelor of Science degree in Economics from Indiana
University in 1992. I

 3 have been a Certified Public Accountant since 2004. After an internship at
the Hudson

 4 Institute, I spent three years as an analyst for the commercial lending
department of NBD

 5 Bank, currently known as Regions Bank. In 1996, I left NBD Bank and accepted
my first

 6 staff accounting position. I continued my accounting education and passed the
Uniform

 7 CPA examination in 1999. I have also held positions in the private sector as
Assistant

 8 Controller, Controller, and Regional Controller with ADESA, as well as
Accounting

 9 Manager and Corporate Controller with J.D. Byrider/CNAC. From January 2007 to


 10 August 2011, I was employed by the OUCC working on and testifying in various
gas and

 11 electric cases. Prior to rejoining the OUCC, I was controller for a small
private equity

 12 firm and a Senior Staff Accountant in the Business Risk Services division of
Clifton

 13 Larson Allen, a public accounting firm in Indianapolis, Indiana. I have
attended the

 14 National Association of Regulatory Utility Commissioners' weeklong seminar
in East

 15 Lansing, Michigan ("Camp NARUC"), "The Basics of Cost of Capital" seminar

 16 facilitated by New Mexico State University, in Albuquerque, New Mexico, as
well as,

 17 The National Association of Regulatory Utility Commissioners ("NARUC")
Eastern

 18 Utility Rate School in Clearwater Beach, Florida. I am a member of the
Indiana CPA

 19 Society and the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants
("AICPA").

 oucc

 Schedule 1

 Page 1 of2

 Southwestern Bartholomew Water Co

 CAUSE NUMBER 44754

 Con1parison of Petitioner's and 01JCC's

 H.evenue llequire1nents

 Per PerOUCC Sch oucc

 Petitioner Phase I Phase II Total Ref More (Less)

 Operating Expenses $ 1,315,627 $ 1,305,684 $1,305,684 $ 1,305,684 4 $ (9,943)

 Taxes other than Income 4

 Extensions and Replacements 123,489 123,489 123,489 123,489 7

 Working Capital 14,462 14,213 14,213 14,213 (249)

 Debt Service - Existing 182,616 182,616 182,616 182,616

 Debt Service Reserve - Existing 10,824 10,824 10,824 10,824

 Debt Service - Proposed 103,672 97,750 97,750 8 (5,922)

 Debt Service Reserve - Proposed 10,367 9,775 9,775 10 (592)

 Total Revenue Requirements 1,761,057 1,636,826 1,744,351 1,744,351 (16,706)

 Less: Interest Income (186) (186) (186) (186) 3

 Other Income 5,432 5,432 5,432 5,432 3

 Add: Adj to balance to Petitioner's Schedules 44 (44)

 Net Revenue Requirements 1,766,347 1,642,072 1,749,597 1,749,597 (16,750)

 Less: Revenues at current rates subject to increase (1,320,189) (1,320,189)
(1,631,342) (1,320,189) 4

 Other revenues at current rates (11,066) (I 1,066) (11,066) (11,066) 4

 Net Revenue Increase Required 435,092 310,817 107,189 418,342 (16,750)

 Add: Additional nJRC Fee 335 116 451 451

 0

 Recommended Increase $ 435,092 $ 311,152 $ 107,305 $ 418,793 $ (16,299)

 Reco1nmended Percentage Increase 32.96% 23.57% 6.58% 31.72% wl.23%

 Pro nosed oucc

 Current Rate for 5.000 Gallons Petitioner oucc More (Less)

 Current Rate= $39.36 $ 52.33 $ 48.64 $ (3.69)

 Soutlnvestern Bartholome\v 'Yater Co

 Cause No. 44754

 As of August 31, 2015, 2015

 Historical Balance Sheets

 Historical Balance Sheets

 COMPARATIVE BALANCE SHEET~ ASSETS AND OTHER DEBITS

 !Au~st31~-:2015 {b)

 Utility Plant

 Utility Plant in Service 9,101,585

 Less: Accumulated depreciation (2,915,828)

 Net Plant 6,185,757

 Other Property and Investments

 Special Funds !35,726

 Total Other Property and Investments 135,726

 Current Assets

 Cash and equivalents $ 100

 Special Deposits

 Working Funds $ 60,717

 Accounts receivable, net 156,9I5

 Inventory 30,362

 Prepayments 7,176

 Total Current Assets 255,269

 Deferred Debits

 UnamortiZed Debt Discount & Expense

 Total Deferred Debits

 TOTAL ASSETS $ 6,576,752

 C011PARATIVE BALANCE SHEET - EQUITY AND LIABILITIES

 'AUguSt '31,--2015:(b1

 Shareholders' Equity

 Other Paid-in Capital 152,350

 Retained Earnings 1,179,575

 Total Shareholders' Equity 1,331,925

 Long-Tenn Debt

 Other Long-Term Debt 2,906,269

 Total Long-Tenn Debt 2,906,269

 Current and Accrued Liabilities

 Accounts Payable $ 215,195

 Notes Payable 52,279

 Customer Deposits 850

 Accrued Taxes 12,676

 Accrued Interest 5,463

 Miscellaneous Current and Accrued Liabilities 605

 Total Current Liabilities 287,069

 Contributions in Aid of Construction

 Contributions in Aid of Construction (CIAC) 2,051,489

 Contributions in Aid of Construction 2,051,489

 TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES $ 6,576,752

 Notes:

 2015

 9,112,596

 (2,980,358)

 6,132,238

 100,332

 100,332

 $ 100 $

 $ 54,177 $

 142,705

 29,808

 I5,768

 242,558

 $ 6,475,128 $

 2015

 152,500

 1,130,762

 1,283,262

 2,886,347

 2,886,347

 $ 168,884 $

 54,637

 750

 9,258

 5,433

 3, 138

 242,100

 2,063,419

 2,063,419

 $ 6,475,128 $

 DeCelnlfe':l&middot;s1;<(Yt!aEEndf(ii) -,

 2014 2014 2013

 9,035,833 8,880,776 7,821,683

 (2,786,993) (2,612,568) (2,450,488)

 6,248,840 6,268,208 5,371,195

 128,514 173,752 140,095

 128,514 173,752 140,095

 100 $ 100

 85,085 $ 173,768 $ 86,962

 138,614 140,314 150,725

 26,405 28,544 26,285

 10,716 12,215 8,103

 260,920 354,941 272,075

 6,638,274 $ 6,796,901 $ S,783,365

 , --:D'eeehiber 31;--:(Yellr'ltndf{ii) ---

 2014 2014 2013

 151,050 150,150 148,600

 1,232,551 1,526,267 1,421,144

 1,383,601 1,676,417 1,569,744

 2,940,989 2,875,860 2,065,381

 2,940,989 2,875,860 2,065,381

 206,890 $ 91,439 $ 28,097

 52,280 118,149 122,690

 850 900 900

 11,361 11,928 13,846

 5,522 5,320 3,054

 1,936 1,152 2,497

 278,839 228,888 171,084

 2,034,845 2,015,736 1,977,156

 2,034,845 2,015,736 1,977,156

 6,638,274 $ 6,796,901 $ 5,783,365

 $

 $

 $

 $

 $

 $

 oucc

 Schedule 2

 2012

 7,534,416

 (2,291,542)

 5,242,874

 285,031

 285,031

 55,942

 123,740

 152,209

 25,319

 7,826

 365,036

 2,017

 2,017

 5,894,958

 2012

 147,650

 1,411,966

 1,559,616

 2,15!,009

 2,151,009

 26,374

 213,817

 1,150

 13,198

 4,263

 2,807

 261,609

 1,922,724

 1,922,724

 5,894,958

 (a) Data was obtained from financial information from the lURC Annual Reports
that may not been subjected to an independent verification and

 review process.

 Soutlnvestern Bartholomew Water Co

 Cause No. 44754

 As of August 31, 2015

 llistorical Income Statements

 Historical Income Statements (a)

 Utility Operating Income

 Operating Revenues

 Residential Metered Water Sales

 Late Fees

 Other Operating Revenues

 Tota! Operating Revenues

 Operating Expenses

 Salaries and Wages - Employee

 Salaries and Wages- Officers and Directors

 Employee Pensions and Benefits

 Purchased Water

 Purchased Power

 Chemicals

 Materials and Supplies

 Contractual Services - EngineeringfProfessional

 Contractual Services - Accounting

 Contractual Services - Legal

 Contractual Services - Otherffesting

 Contractual Services - Other

 Transportation

 Insurance

 Insurance - Vehicle

 Insurance - General Liability

 Insurance - Workers Compensation

 Insurance - Other

 Regulatory Commission Expense

 Bad debts

 Miscellaneous Expenses

 Total Operations and Maintenance Expenses

 Non-Operating Expenses

 Depreciation Expense (-)

 Amortization Expense (-)

 Payroll Taxes(-)

 Other Taxes and Licenses(-)

 Total Other Income (Expense)

 Total Utility Expenses

 Operating Income

 Other Income (Expense)

 Gain (Loss) on disposal of assets

 Interest and Dividend Income

 Non-Utility Income

 Interest expense(-)

 Total Other Income (Expense)

 Net Income

 Notes:

 welve months ended

 'Au , tisf 31, 2015 !

 2015

 1,311,812 1,316,006

 7,335 7,258

 3,684 4,059

 1,322,831 1,327,323

 264,498 270,035

 3,200 3,320

 85,385 87,025

 194,203 199,599

 36,094 34,716

 87,413 109,351

 380,952 216,835

 9,126 45,078

 19,005 19,005

 3,864 3,465

 52,169 47,247

 27,666

 16,777 11,627

 1,515

 l,515 10,173

 11,533 5,828

 6,716 1,567

 3,886

 1,456 1,456

 153 (1,185)

 48,989 18,136

 l,254,600 1,084,793

 (195,524) (!93,365)

 (21,232) (20,893)

 (15,626)

 (232,382) (214,258)

 1,486,982 1,299,051

 $ {164,151) $ 28,272

 (5,432)

 186 182

 (130,028) ( 130,243)

 {135,274} (130,061)

 $ (299,425) $ (101,789)

 DC'ccinb'ifr'.JJ,-'(Xea-f Erid) {ar'

 2014 2014 2013

 1,348,186 1,348,972 1,433,093

 7,282 7,259 7,700

 4,220 3,946 4,144

 1,359,688 1,360,177 1,444,937

 261,693 253,304 245,334

 2,600 3,040 3,200

 81,272 73,440 74,904

 183,628 178,776 190,603

 36,149 37,500 33,904

 111,062 113,387 106,107

 461,079 188,721 257,631

 22,614 18,775 21,227

 21,915 17,540 16,845

 6,034 7,333 121,284

 59,277 36,558 31,342

 18,273 12,494 15,685

 l,515

 9,855 1,459 1,264

 6,424 9,009 9,013

 (376) 6,081 3,175

 638 612

 1,641 1,902 1,620

 (2,270) (272) 2,985

 18,748 15,842 16,557

 1,301,133 975,527 1,153,292

 (192,614) (162,688) (161,707)

 (1,530)

 (20,921) (20,010) (17,528)

 (213,535} (182,698) (180,765}

 1,514,668 l,158,225 1,334,057

 $ (154,980} $ 201,952 $ 110,880

 (6,145) (870)

 200 189 248

 805

 (132,791) (97,018) (101,885)

 {138,736) (96,829} (101,702)

 $ (293,716) $ 105,123 $ 9,178

 (a) Data was obtained from financial information from the IURCAnnual Reports
that may not been subjected to an independent

 verification and review process.

 5-Yr

 2012 Avg

 1,355,555 1,360,362

 8,022 7,504

 3,926 4,059

 1,367,503 1,371,926

 242,359 254,545

 2,440 2,920

 66,725 76,673

 177,647 186,051

 38,224 36,099

 92,274 106,436

 300,100 284,873

 4,638 22,466

 17,080 18,477

 49,344 37,492

 49,675 44,820

 12,183 14,052

 1,515

 1,268 4,804

 8,991 7,853

 6,649 3,419

 888 713

 1,636 1,651

 9,195 1,691

 14,397 16,736

 1,095,713 1,122,092

 (166,687) (175,412)

 (3,672) (2,601)

 (15,715) (19,013)

 (1,636) (l,636)

 {187,710) (195,793)

 1,283,423 1,317,885

 $ 84,080 $ 54,041

 (208) (2,408)

 335 231

 1,071 938

 (111,788) (114,745)

 {110,590} (115,584)

 $ (26,510} $ (61,543)

 oucc

 Schedule 3

 Page 1 ofl

 3-Yr

 Avg

 1,337,721

 7,266

 4,075

 1,349,063

 261,677

 2,987

 80,579

 187,334

 36,122

 111,267

 288,878

 28,822

 19,487

 5,611

 47,694

 14,131

 1,515

 7,162

 7,087

 2,424

 638

 1,666

 (1,242)

 17,575

 l,120,4811

 (182,889)

 (20,608)

 (203,497)

 1,323,981

 $ 25,081

 (6,145)

 190

 (120,017)

 (121,875)

 $ (96,794)

 oucc

 Schedule 4

 Page 1of1

 Southwestern Bartholomew \Yater Co

 CAUSE NUMBER 44754

 Pro-Jonna Net Operating Income Statement

 Phase I Phase I

 Year Pro-forma Pro-Fonua

 Ended Sch Present Sch Pro11oscd

 August 31, 2015 Adjustments R,f Rates Adjustments Ref Rates

 Operating Revenues

 Unmetered Water Sales $ $ $ $

 Residential Metered Water Sales t,3! 1,812 8,377 5-1 l,320,189 311,153
l,631,342

 Commercial Metered Water Sales

 Other Metered Water Sales

 Late Fees 7,335 47 5-2 7,382 7,382

 Other Operating Revenues 3,684 3,684 3,684

 Total Operating Revenues 1,322,831 8,424 1,33\,255 311,152 1,642,408

 O&MExpense 1,305,684 1,305,684

 Purchased Water 194,203 1,356 6-3

 Purchased Water (5,824) 6-13

 Purchased Power 36,094 252 6-4

 Chemicals 87,413 277 6-5

 Chemicals 518 6-6

 Supplies 15,009

 Sewer and Trash Service 27,666

 Salaries and Wages - T&D 151,727 32,269 6-7

 Repairs - non-recurring 365,943 (44,257) 6-12

 Repairs - non-recurring (4,540) 6-17

 Transporatation 16,777 (4,970) 6-17

 Postage 13,408 68 6-16

 Computer Supplies and Expense 13,430

 Uncollectible Accounts 153

 Salaries and Wages -A & G 112,771 10,352 6-7

 Employee Benefits - Insurance 78,704 12,617 6-9

 Employee Benefits - Pension 6,681 825 6-8

 Office Supplies and Expense 4,565

 Telephone 6,659

 Electric 8,062

 Contractual Services

 Legal 3,864

 Accounting 19,005

 Engineering 9,126 (6,893) 6-17

 Other 52,169 22,300 6-19

 Insurance

 General Liablity 11,533 (1,480) 6-11

 Vehicles 1,515 (186) 6-11

 Workers Comp 6,716 (753) 6-11

 D&O Liability 540 (67) 6-11

 Other 3,346 (914) 6-11

 Board ofDirectors' Expense 3,200

 Regulatory Commission Expense - Other 1,456 (33)

 Payroll Taxes 21,232 3,310 6-10

 Licenses and Fees 15,626

 Seminars 1,704

 Miscellaneous l,161

 IURC Fee 335

 Depreciation Expense(-) 195,524 (5,307) 6-15 190,217 190,217

 Interest Income (186) (186) 149

 Loss on Disposal of Assets 5,432 5,432 5,432

 Interest Expense 130,028 (i,897) 6-18 128,131 128,131

 Total Operating Expenses 1,622,256 7,022 1,629,278 335 1,629,613

 Net Income $ (299,425) "'$~"'1"',4~02~ $ (298,023} $ 310,817 $ 12,795

 (l) - Residential Revenue Normalization

 To adjust operating revenues to reflect the increase in customers during the
test year period.

 Number of Increase/ Additional

 Residential Average (Decrease) in Monthly

 Month Custo1ners * Monthly Bill #Bills Multiplier Bills

 September 31.86 0

 "'" October 31.86 0 0 ~

 0 N November 31.86 2 2 4

 Dece1nber 31.86 3 3 9

 January 31.86 0 4 0

 February 31.86 5 5

 March 31.86 2 6 12

 April 31.86 0 7 0

 May 31.86 1 8 8 .,., June 31.86 2 9 18 ~

 0 N July 31.86 5 10 50

 August 31.86 11 11

 September 31.86 2 12 24

 October 31.86 2 11 22

 November 31.86 0 10 0

 December 31.86 6 9 54

 January 31.86 1 8 8

 Februaiy 31.86 7 7

 March 31.86 2 6 12

 "' April 31.86 5 5 ~

 0 N May 31.86 4 4

 June 31.86 2 3 6

 July 31.86 1 2 2

 August I 31.86 2 2

 Petitioner's Test-Year

 Number of Additional Bills 117

 Times: Average Bill $ 31.86

 Adjustment Increase (Decrease) 3,728

 Petitioner's Forecasted Test-Year

 Number of Additional Bills 146

 Times: Average Bill $ 31.86

 Adjustment Increase (Decrease) 4,652

 Combined

 Number of Additional Bills 263

 Times: Average Bill $ 31.86

 Adjustment Increase (Decrease) 8,377

 Expense Adjustments

 (3)

 Purchased Water

 To Adjust Purchased Water that are expected to occur during the projected
test-year.

 Forecasted additional customer billings

 Average Monthly usage -test year (l,000)

 Divide by water loss factor - Test year

 Forecasted increase in gallons pumped (1,000 gal.)

 Purchaced Water contract cost per 1,000 gallons

 Adjustment Increase (Decrease)

 (4)

 Purchased Water

 To Adjust Purchased Water that are expected to occur during the projected
test-year.

 Purchased Power - test year

 Gallons purchased/pumped - test-year

 Test year purchased power per 1,000 gallons pumped

 Forecasted increase in gallons pumped

 Adjustment Increase (Decrease)

 (5)

 Che1nical Expense

 $

 $

 $

 $

 oucc

 Schedule 6

 Page I of6

 263

 3.996

 1,051

 0.6579

 1,597

 0.849

 1,356

 36,094

 228,760

 0.158

 1,597

 252

 To reflect Chemical Expense adjustments that are expected to occur during the
projected test-year.

 Chemical Expense - Test Y car

 Gallons purchased/pumped - test-year

 Test year purchased power per 1,000 gallons pumped

 Forecasted increase in gallons pumped

 Forcasted increase in chemical expense due to increased \Vater

 revenue

 Forecast increse in chemical expense due to increased cost of chemicals

 Adjustment Increase (Decrease)

 $

 $

 $

 $

 22,481

 228,760

 0.098

 1,597

 157

 120

 277

 (6)

 Salt Expense

 oucc

 Schedule 6

 Page 2 of6

 To reflect Salt Expense adjustments that are expected to occur during the
projected test-year.

 Salt price as of8/31/2015

 Quantity of salt purchased - test-year

 Washout fees and control flow charges - test-year

 Forccastcd salt expense

 Less: Salt Expense - test-year

 Forecast increse in salt expense based on cost

 Forecast increse in chemical expense due to increased cost of chemicals

 Quantity of salt purchased - test-yem&middot;

 Gallons purchased/pumped - test-year

 Test year purchased power per 1,000 gallons pumped

 Forecasted increase in gallons pumped

 Forecasted increase in salt units (rounded up)

 Salt price as of 8/3l/2015

 Forecast increse in salt expense based on quantity

 Adjustment Increase (Decrease)

 (7)

 Salaries and Wages

 (a)

 (b)

 (a)+(b)

 $ 158.09

 395

 $ 62,446

 $

 $

 $

 $

 $

 $

 2,530

 64,976

 (64,932)

 44

 120

 395

 228,760

 0.0017

 1,597

 3

 158.09

 474

 518

 To reflect Salaries and Wages adjustments that are expected to occur during the
projected test-year.

 Proforma Salaries and Wages - Administrative and General

 Less: Test Year Expense

 AdjustJnent Increase (Decrease)

 Proforma Salaries and Wages -T&D Maintenance

 Less: Test Year Expense

 Adjustment Increase (Decrease)

 (8)

 Pension Expense

 $

 $

 Employee pension benefits will increase due to the approved annual wage
increase

 Forecasted wages for full-time e1nployees

 Employer Contribution Rate - test year

 Forecasted employee pension benefit

 Employee pension benefit - test-year

 AdjustJnent Increase (Decrease)

 $ 250,198

 3%

 $

 $

 123,123

 (112,771)

 10,352

 183,996

 (151,727)

 32,269

 7,506

 (6,681)

 825

 (9)

 Employee Benefits - Insurance

 oucc

 Schedule 6

 Page 3 of6

 Employee Insurance adjustment due to changes in employees' classifications, age
and insurance renewal rates.

 Monthly Premiums

 Medical and vision - Anthem $ 6,406.27

 Medical and vision - Anthem - newly eligible

 Life and AD&D

 Dental

 Anthem

 Metlife

 Mctlifc

 Employee only - 1 participating

 Employee only- 1 eligible

 Employee and spouse - 3 participating

 Forecasted monthly premiums

 forecasted annual premiums

 464.44

 283.39

 106.89

 48.28

 105.11

 315.33

 7,729.71

 12

 Less: employee contribution of 10% on all premiums except Anthem 1

 HRA contributions $1,500 per eligible employee

 Forccasted employee insurance expense

 Employee pension benefit - test-year

 Adjustment Increase (Decrease)

 (10)

 Payroll Taxes

 To adjust test year payroll taxes to reflect pro forn1a adjustments in wage
expense.

 Pro-Jonna Increase in wges

 Times: FICA Rate

 5

 Pro-forma FICA Expense increase Adjustment Increase (Decrease)

 Additional wages subject to SUTA for new full-time employee

 SUTA rate - test year

 forecasted increase in SUTA taxes Adjustment Increase (Decrease)

 $

 $

 $

 $

 $

 92,757

 (8,936)

 7,500

 91,320.94

 (78,704)

 12,617

 42,621

 7.65o/o

 3,260

 9,500

 0.521%

 49

 (11)

 Insurance Expense

 oucc

 Schedule 6

 Page 4 of6

 To adjust forecasted year insurance expense to reflect any chagnes in insurance
premiums that occurred

 during the test year.

 Test Year Insurance Expense

 Vehicles

 General Liability

 Worker's Compensation

 Directors and Officers Bond

 Other

 Less: non-recurring items

 Adjusted Insurance Expense - test year

 Forecasted Insurance Expense for the twelve months ending August 31, 2016

 Vehicles

 General Liability

 Worker's Compensation

 Directors and Officers Bond

 Other

 forecasted Insurance Expense

 Adjustment Increase (Decrease)

 (12)

 Periodic Maintenance Expense

 $

 $

 $

 1,515

 11,533

 6,716

 540

 3,346

 (914)

 22,736

 1,329

 10,053

 5,963

 473

 2,432

 20,250

 (2,486)

 To adjust test year maintenance expense to reflect the utility's average annaul
cost associated with system

 maintenance.

 Tank Painting/Cleaning Size (Gallons)

 $ l,038,321

 $ 1,038,321

 5

 $ 207,664

 Less: Tank maintenance expense during the test year (251,921)

 Adjustment Increase (Decrease) $ (44,257)

 (13)

 Purchased Water

 To adjust yest year operating expenses to normalize for significant leaks that
occurred during the test year.

 Excess gallons lost due to leaks during the twelve months ended 8/31/2015

 Rate per 1,000 gallons

 Adjustment Increase (Decrease) $

 6,860,400

 0.849

 5,824

 (14)

 Indiana Utility Regulatory Commission (IURC) Fee

 To adjust test year IURC fee for pro Jonna present rate operating revenues.

 Total Operating Revenues

 Times: Cu1Tent IURC Fee

 Sub-total

 Less: Test Year IURC Fee

 (15)

 Depreciation Expense

 $ 1,320,189

 0.001077802

 1,423

 $ (319)

 oucc

 Schedule 6

 Page 5 of6

 $ 1,104

 l)epreciation Expense has been forecasted based on the lJtility Plnat in
Service as of December 31,2015.

 Estimated Depreciation Expense for the twelve months ending August 31,2016

 Depreciation Expense for the twelve months ending August 31,2015

 Adjustment Increase (Decrease)

 (16)

 Postage Expense

 $ 190,217

 (195,524)

 $ (5,307)

 Postage expense will increase due to the normalization and forecasted
adjustments in the number of

 customers.

 Forecasted increase in customer billings

 Current Postage Rate

 Adjustment Increase (Decrease)

 $

 $

 263

 0.26

 68

 (17)

 Non-Recurring

 oucc

 Schedule 6

 Page 6 of6

 Adjustment to remove non-recurring expense incu1Ted during the twelve months
ended August 31,2015

 Repairs: INDOT Project - Bloodhound, inc

 INDOT Project - R. Miller Excavating

 Contractual Service~ INDOT Project - Commonwealth Engineers

 SCADA repairs - Torie

 Transportation

 Insurance

 SCADA repairs - Torie

 Tower Relocation - Torie

 Truck Repairs - Renner Motors

 Title Insurance relatign to financed property

 (18)

 Interest Expense

 Adjustment to reflect amounts due during the twelve months ending August 31,
2016

 Interest Expense - USDA-Rual Development Loan 91-01

 Interest Expense - USDA - Rual Development Loan 91-02

 forecasted Interest Expense

 Interest Expense - twelve months ending August 31, 2015

 Adjustn1ent Increase (Decrease)

 (19)

 Contractual Services - Other

 $

 $

 $

 $

 $

 3,036

 65

 175

 1,265

 4,540

 3,100

 496

 1,500

 1,797

 $ 6,893

 $ 4,970

 $ 914

 $ 49,598

 78,533

 $ 128, 131

 $ (130,028)

 $ (1,897)

 Adjustment to reflect the Company's consultant contract to survey the systema
and make recommendations for

 system improvements to reduce the frequency and extent of\vater leaks.

 Total determination cost over a 5-year period

 Amortization period

 Forecasted Contractual Services - Other - Expense

 Adjustment Increase (Decrease)

 $

 $

 111,500

 5

 22,300

 Southwestern Bartholomew Water Co

 CAUSE NUMBER 44754

 Extensions and Replacements

 To reflect the average amount of extensions and replacements required over a
five year period.

 2016 2017 2018 2019

 Line Extensions $ 2,242 $ 2,242 $ 2,242 $ 2,242

 Annual Meter Replacement 60,800 60,800 60,800

 Plant Construction Improvements 47,360

 Leak Prevention 25,000 25,000 25,000

 INDOT Project SR 58 41,058

 Softener Resin Bead Replacement - Plant# 1 24,770

 Personal Computers 5,968

 Replace SCADA Radios 37,015

 Auto-Meter Read Handhelds - (2) 17,464

 Utility Truck Replacements 29,800 29,800

 $ 49,602 $ 167,291 $ 158,900 $ 123,810

 Divided by 5 years.

 Average Annual Extensions and Replacements

 2020

 $ 2,242

 60,800

 25,000

 29,800

 $ 117,842

 oucc

 Schedule 7

 Page 1 of 1

 Total

 $ 11,210

 243,200

 47,360

 100,000

 41,058

 24,770

 5,968

 37,015

 17,464

 89,400

 $ 617,445

 5

 $ 123,489

 Debt Service

 To reflect the average amount of debt service required over a five year period.


 Rural Development Loan - existing $

 Rural Development Loan - proposed $

 Year 1 Year2 Year3 Year4 Year 5

 182,616 $ 182,616 $ 182,616 $ 182,616 $ 182,616 $

 97,750 $ 97,750 $ 97,750 $ 97,750 $ 97,750 $

 oucc

 Schedule 8

 Total

 913,080

 488,750

 $ 280,366 $ 280,366 $ 280,366 $ 280,366 $ 280,366 $ 1,401,830

 Divided by 5 years 5

 Average Annual Debt Service $ 280,366

 Southwestern Bartholomew Water Co

 CAUSE NUMBER 44754

 Current and Proposed Rates and Charges

 Current

 Metered Rates

 First 3,000 gallons $ 8.14

 Next 7,000 gallons 7.47

 Next 10,000 gallons 6.27

 Next 40,000 gallons 5.16

 Over 60,000 gallons 3.42

 Minimum Rate Per Month

 Metered Customer

 5/8 "Meter $ 24.42

 3/4" Meter 36.87

 1 "Meter 49.32

 1 1/4 "Meter 61.77

 1 1/2 " Meter (restricted) 100.03

 1 1/2" Meter 180.33

 2 " Meter and larger by contract

 Petitioner

 Proposed

 $ 10.82

 9.93

 8.34

 6.86

 4.54

 $ 32.46

 49.01

 65.56

 82.11

 132.99

 239.77

 by contract

 oucc

 Schedule 9

 Page 1of1

 oucc

 Proposed

 $ 10.72

 $ 9.84

 $ 8.26

 $ 6.80

 $ 4.50

 $ 32.17

 $ 48.57

 $ 64.97

 $ 81.36

 $ 131.76

 $ 237.53

 by contract

 Southwestern Bartholomew Water Co

 CAUSE NUMBER 44754

 Debt Service Reserve

 To reflect the average amount of debt service reserve required over a ten year
period.

 Year 1 Year 2 Year3 Year4 Year5 Year 6

 Description of Debt - Existing $ 10,824 $ 10,824 $ 10,824 $ 10,824 $ 3,582

 *Monthly payments of $902 from September 2015 through August 2019

 Average Annual Debt Service Reserve - Existing

 Description of Debt - Proposed $ 9,775 $ 9,775 $ 9,775 $ 9,775 $ 9,775 $ 9,775

 Divide by 10 years

 Average Annual Debt Service Reserve - Proposed

 Year 7 Year 8 Year 9

 $ 9,775 $ 9,775 $ 9,775

 Year 10

 $ 9,775

 oucc

 Schedule 10

 Page 1 of 1

 Total

 $ 46,878

 $ 10,824

 $ 97,750

 10

 $ 9,775

 (

 \

 (

 RENNER jlil!!!li.11&middot;~-~&middot;!ll!olrel'il!!!'~'~'liil!il'il~

 9 16 J.4 ~~ff&k(>i

 ~MOTORS SERVICE Df.PARTMENTBOURS ~oo.:u.~

 7:3o a.m. to 5:30 p.rn. 9 3 o 14 Fin.al

 (B&middot;\2) 372 15G1 3055 Central A\le, Monday&middot; Friday
,ifhlii!i!,!fi-~'~'ilii~~!(li~~llt~]l!~hll!l:'1!ll&pound;:1>!1!Jfti!Jlllmm!

 Columbus, lndianu o17203

 WWW.RENNERMOTORS.COM

 8:00 a.m. to &middot;12:00 p.lll."SoturduyJll

 9721.l 97212

 TRAVIS HOHN/617.'W'&middot; -. : . ~ " . SOUTHWESTERN BARTH WATER CORP

 4? 3 5 W CARI.,OS FOI,GER DR

 COLUMBUS, IN 4? 2 0 l.

 I 1FTZR45EX4PA53102

 : .. o ~ W.tHr]!tq:1WJuJ3mmzlllllitWltilf.-&i'lcml1uffiM

 &middot;&middot;='

 -.. - - - ' o -- o " o . - "

 ,_ <" 'ill - ' ~dl21~~

 ARI!: 5676

 Ill - 50FOZ101: CHECK ENGINE LIGHT

 CUSTOMER STATES THE CHECK ENGINE LIGHT IS ON AND

 THE ENGINE RUNS ROUGH.

 Work performed by 1380 (SBl) 94.84

 Work performed by 1380 (SBl) 785.86

 Work performed by 1380 (SBl) 514.87

 Work performed by 1380 ( SBJ.) J.l.'7.43

 Installed RH J.44 : CONNECTION - WATER OUTLET 1@74.73 74.73

 Installed RG 614 :GASKET 1@9.87 9.87

 Installed 4L2Z 6006 GARM :SERVICE ENGINE ASY 1@3000.00 3000.00

 Installed 1L5Z 5B266 AA :GASKET 1@14.07 14.07

 Installed 6LSZ 8005 DACP :RADIATOR ASY 1@193.33 193.33

 Installed VC 7 B :ANTI-FREEZE 2@16. 71 33.42

 Installed DWlGAL :DISTILLED WATER lGAL 2@1. 20 2.40

 Installed 4L2Z 9F593 GA :INJECTOR ASY 2@57.68 J.J.5.36

 Installed 679710 :FUEL INJ CJJNR 1@5.99 5.99

 RAN SELF '.I'EST,CODES P0306,P2198,P0175,P0300,AND

 P0316.RAN POWER BALANCE, VEHICLE IS MISSING ON

 CYLINDERS l/'1,#5,AND #6 .RAN REL I TI VE COMPRESSION.

 COMPRESSION LOW ONCYLINDERS 114, #5,AND J/6 .

 WENT THROUGH PINPOINT TEST,DIAGNOSED THE LEFT

 CAMSHAJ?T IS OUT OF TIME.VEHICLE IS A NON FREEWHEEL

 ING ENGINE.

 CUSTOMER ELECTED TO REPLACE ENGINE.

 RE: PLACED LONG BLOCK.

 DIGNOSED DURING LONG BLOCK REPLACEMENT THE

 RADIATOR TANK WAS LEAKING.

  &middot;-----

 TEHMS: STBICTL y CASH UNLESS ARRANGEMENTS ARE M1\DE. ''! herol.>y :rn!tio1ize
lhe iepall LABOR

 1o11111( hercJmil!er lo lH.! dorm a1onu v~lh \Im nocossnry ini.llnrinl onO
ogrco 11101 ym1 urn 1101 rnspons-

 Ihle for Ins~ or (fomage lo vehicle or mllcles lert In lhu VElh!cle iu cas!l or
lire, 1hofl, 01 any olh!.!1 PARTS

 cause lrnyorul yUlu con!rnl or (or any delnys cuused by unuv<illahillly of
p111\~ 01 du!ays !n pmls DEDUCTIBLE

 sh!pmcnls b)' lhe supplier or lr;irrnponcr. I lwreby umn\ you or yow em11loyue$
pellll!Sslon to -

 ope1<1l11 the velilde hcwh1 d11scrihcd on s!roc!s, hluhways, or elsewfwre for
Ille pwpose or lcsl!nu SUOLET

 a ml for !nspm:llon. /\u es pre as r111~dinnfc's 111:11 Is 11amhy aclmow!adocd
on nll()VI! vclllcfc 10 sccuie

 lhe tu11ounl of mpalrn thereto.~ SHOP SUPPLIES .

 DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES. Any wanaullus uu 1111! piutlucts sold hereby me lhosu
nmdc lJy

 -HA-ZA-RD-OU-S M-AT-E~I-AL1S

 Um rmmuf;11;torer. Tl!c selk~ hereUy e~p1ess!y d!sc:lulurn n!I \'l<"HH'Ull111s
c!lher express or Implied, !nc!od SALES T/\X OR TAX 1.0. ~ -- ino any lmp!lml
wam1nly or merchan!uhl!lly ur fitness for o pail!culm pw&mu;ose, uud Um s11llt11
nelllwr SPECIAL ORDER DEPOSl'f

 a~sunms nor 11ulhotizas unyolh!!t parson to u~mmrn 11.Jf ll uuy llabi!!ly In
eonnacnon wllh U1a snta ol

 said prodw::~5. Atty llrn!!alltJU ccmtalned herein dues no! llf)pl\' wlwm
prohil!llctl lly luw. DISCOUNTS

 (OU MAY ar: RECEIVING A l'OUOW&middot;UI' CALL REGAROING THE REPAIRS ON YOUR
Vli!l!Cl.fi, TOTAL DUE - l'Ll:;ASC lNFORM fl IE CASI HEH IF YOU DO NOT WANT I\
FOU.OW&middot;Uf' PllONE CALL v MOS"( FO/lO & l-IONOI\ O.E.M REPLACEMENT PARTS
HAVI! A LIMITIO.O 12 M0/121( MIU: C) 0 c'\'.-''l!' WARRANTY. MUST RETURll TO
SIHlVIClMG OF.ALEH. I

 ((JS/(:) .- ./ \\(. ', \\ . o . ~ . ' . . . . . . . o1tu ..

 " \..~

 x \.) \ I ~ .

 /<l! ;<l~lAll~OIo"o lo,_oU'>'r;<lll~Jll<"'",'l'..\~!'-lf!.?<1

 Cause No. 44754

 Attachment GAF-1

 Page 1 of 1

 AFFIRMATION

 I affirm, under the penalties for perjury, that the foregoing representations
are true.

 Greg~ A. Fos er

 Utility Analyst

 Indiana Office of Utility Consumer Counselor

 July 7, 2016

 Date

 CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE

 This is to certify that a copy of the foregoing OUCC's Settlement Testimony of
Greg A.

 Foster has been served upon the following counsel of record in the captioned
proceeding by

 electronic service on July 7, 2016.

 L. Parvin Price

 Bose McKinney & Evans LLP

 111 Monument Circle, Suite 2700

 Indianapolis, IN 46204

 pprice@boselaw.com

 INDIANA OFFICE OF UTILITY CONSUMER COUNSELOR

 115 West Washington Street

 Suite 1500 South

 Indianapolis, IN 46204

 infomgt@oucc.in.gov

 317 /232-2494 - Phone

 317 /232-5923 - Facsimile

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              44 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 24, 2015 Tuesday

Arizona: Rural Development: FmHAand Census References

LENGTH: 2775  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of The Treasury has issued the following news release:

Rural Development (RD) is amending its regulations by updating references to the
Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) and clarifying and updating references to the
census data. These actions will provide consistency in terminology between
program regulations. In addition, clarifying and updating references to census
data is needed to account for changes to the decennial Census, which, starting
with the 2010 decennial Census is no longer reporting income and unemployment
data. Additional revisions are being implemented to show the regulations that do
not apply to the Farm Service Agency (FSA) and to remove outdated or unnecessary
language.
Dates

This rule will become effective April 27, 2015 without further action unless the
Agency receives significant written adverse comments or written notices of
intent to submit adverse comments on or before March 26, 2015. If the Agency
receives significant adverse comments or notices, the Agency will publish a
timely notice in theFederal Registerwithdrawing those provisions on which
adverse comment were received.
Addresses

You may submit adverse comments or notice of intent to submit adverse comments
to this rule by any of the following methods:

Federal eRulemaking Portal: http://www.regulations.gov. Follow the instructions
for submitting comments.
    Mail: Submit written comments via the U.S. Postal Service to the Branch
Chief, Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, U.S. Department of
Agriculture, STOP 0742, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-0742.

    Hand Delivery/Courier: Submit written comments via Federal Express Mail, or
other courier service requiring a street address, to the Branch Chief,
Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, U.S. Department of Agriculture, 300
7th Street SW., 7th Floor, Washington, DC 20024.

All written comments will be available for public inspection during regular work
hours at the 300 7th Street SW., 7th Floor address listed above.
For Further Information Contact

Kenneth Meardon, Policy Advisor, Rural Business-Cooperative Service, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, STOP 3201, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington,
DC 20250-3225; email: ken.meardon@wdc.usda.gov; telephone (202) 260-8296.
Supplementary Information
Classification

This rule has been determined to be not significant for purposes of Executive
Order 12866 and has not been reviewed by the Office of Management and Budget.
Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance

RD's programs affected by this rulemaking are shown in the Catalog of Federal
Domestic Assistance (CFDA) with numbers as indicated:

10.350--Technical Assistance to Cooperatives

10.352--Value-Added Producer Grants (4284)

10.405--Farm Labor Housing Loans and Grants (3560)

10.410--Very Low to Moderate Income Housing Loans (Section 502 Rural Housing
Loans) (3550)

10.415--Rural Rental Housing Loans

10.420--Rural Self-Help Technical Assistance

10.427--Rural Rental Assistance Payments (3560)

10.433--Rural Housing Preservation Grants

10.438--Rural Rental Housing Program--Guaranteed Loans

10.441--Technical and Supervisory Assistance Grants

10.448--Rural Housing Service Multi-Family Housing Rural Housing Voucher
Demonstration Program (3560)

10.759--Special Evaluation Assistance for Rural Communities and Households
Program (SEARCH) (1774)

10.760--Water and Waste Disposal Systems for Rural Communities (1779, 1780)

10.761--Technical Assistance and Training Grants (1775)

10.762--Solid Waste Management Grants (1775)

10.763--Emergency Community Water Assistance Grants (1778)

10.766--Community Facilities Loans and Grants (3570, 3575)

10.767--Intermediary Relending Program (4274)

10.768--Business and Industry Guaranteed Loan Program (4279)

10.769--Rural Business Enterprise Grant Program

10.770--Water and Waste Disposal Loans and Grants (Section 306C) (1777)

10.771--Rural Cooperative Development Grants

10.773--Rural Business Opportunity Grant Program

10.781--Water and Waste Disposal Systems for Rural Communities--ARRA (1780)

10.782--Appropriate Technology Transfer for Rural Areas (4284)

10.850--Rural Electrification Loans and Loan Guarantees (1714)

10.851--Rural Telephone Loans and Loan Guarantees (1735)

10.854--Rural Economic Development Loans and Grants (4280)

10.857--State Bulk Fuel Revolving Fund Grants

10.858--RUS Denali Commission Grants and Loans

10.859--Assistance to High Energy Cost--Rural Communities (1709)

10.860--Rural Business Investment Program (4290)

10.861--Public Television Station Digital Transition Grant Program (1740)

10.862--Water and Waste Disposal Systems for Rural Communities (1776)

10.863--Community Connect Grant Program (1739)

10-864--Grant Program to Estabish a Fund for Financing Water and Wastewater
Projects (1783)

10.865--Biorefinery Assistance (4279)

10.866--Repowering Assistance Program (4288)

10.867--Bioenergy Program for Advanced Biofuels (4288)

10.868--Rural Energy for America Program (4280)

10.870--Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program

10.871--Small Socially-Disadvantaged Producer Grants (4284)

10.886--Rural Broadband Access Loans and Loan Guarantees (1738)

All active CFDA programs can be found at www.cfda.gov under "Department of
Agriculture, RuralDevelopment." Programs not listed in this section or not
listed on the CFDA Web site but are still being serviced by RD will nevertheless
be covered by the requirements of this action.
Executive Order 12372, Intergovernmental Review of Federal Programs

This action is not subject to the provisions of Executive Order 12372, which
requires intergovernmental consultation with State and local officials.
Executive Order 12988, Civil Justice Reform

This rule has been reviewed under Executive Order 12988, Civil Justice Reform.
RD has determined that this rule meets the applicable standards provided in
section 3 of the Executive Order. Additionally, (1) all state and local laws and
regulations that are in conflict with this rule will be preempted; (2) no
retroactive effect will be given to the rule; and (3) administrative appeal
procedures, if any, must be exhausted before litigation against the Department
or its agencies may be initiated, in accordance with the regulations of the
National Appeals Division of USDA at 7 CFR part 11.
Environmental Impact Statement

This document has been reviewed in accordance with 7 CFR part 1940, subpart G,
"Environmental Program." RD has determined that this action does not constitute
a major Federal action significantly affecting the quality of the human
environment and, in accordance with the National Environmental Policy Act (NEPA)
of 1969, 42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq., an Environmental Impact Statement is not
required.
Unfunded Mandates Reform Act

This rule contains no Federal mandates (under the regulatory provisions of Title
II of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995) for State, local, and Tribal
governments or the private sector. Thus, this rule is not subject to the
requirements of sections 202 and 205 of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of
1995.
Regulatory Flexibility Act

Under section 605(b) of the Regulatory Flexibility Act, 5 U.S.C. 605(b), RD
certifies that this rule will not have a significant economic impact on a
substantial number of small entities because the action will not affect a
significant number of small entities as defined by the Regulatory Flexibility
Act (5 U.S.C. 501). RBS made this determination based on the fact that this
action only impacts internal Agency procedures for determining how much of
available program funds are allocated to each state. Small entities will not be
impacted to a greater extent than large entities.
Executive Order 13132, Federalism

The policies contained in this rule do not have any substantial direct effect on
states, on the relationship between the national government and the states, or
on the distribution of power and responsibilities among the various levels of
government. Nor does this rule impose substantial direct compliance costs on
state and local governments. Therefore, consultation with states is not
required.
Executive Order 13175, Consultation and Coordination With Indian Tribal
Governments

This executive order imposes requirements on RD in the development of regulatory
policies that have Tribal implications or preempt tribal laws. RD has determined
that the rule does not, to our knowledge, have a substantial direct effect on
one or more Indian Tribe(s) or on either the relationship or the distribution of
powers and responsibilities between the Federal Government and Indian Tribes.
Thus, this rule is not subject to the requirements of Executive Order 13175. If
a Tribe determines that this rule has implications of which RD is not aware and
would like to engage with RD on this rule, please contact RD's Native American
Coordinator at (202) 690-1681 or AIAN@wdc.usda.gov
Paperwork Reduction Act

There are no reporting and recordkeeping requirements associated with this rule.

E-Government Act Compliance

RD is committed to complying with the E-Government Act, to promote the use of
the Internet and other information technologies, to provide increased
opportunities for citizens to access Government information and services
electronically.
I. Background and Discussion

RD is amending numerous RD regulations in two broad areas--references to the
Farmners Home Administration and references to Bureau of Census data. For those
RD regulations affected by these two areas, RD is also making several additional
changes by updating the text with regard to applicability of the regulations to
the FSA; removing or updating outdated text, as applicable; and removing
unnecessary text.
II. Discussion of Changes
A. Farmers Home Administration (FmHA)

Many RD regulations still contain references to the Farmers Home Administration,
or FmHA, which was the predecessor agency to both RD and FSA.

FmHA references most frequently encountered in RD regulations are in reference
to forms, instructions, and addresses. RD is either removing references that are
no longer necessary or updating the FmHA references to reflect the appropriate
entity, as applicable. New references will be to RD, Agency, to the specific RD
agency (Rural Business-Cooperative Service, Rural Housing Service, Rural
Utilities Service), to the "government," or to the United States, depending on
the context of the regulation. Where necessary in individual RD regulations,
definitions have been changed or added to reflect the new reference(s).
B. Census References

Many RD regulations refer to census data as the source to be used for various
popluation-, income-, and unemployment-related data. RD is amending those
portions of its regulations that reference U.S. Bureau of Census (Census Bureau)
and its data primarily due to changes in the data being reported by the Census
Bureau in the decennial Census.

Other changes are being implemented to further consistency among RD programs in
referencing sources to be used for population-related data requirements and
provisions and to provide clarification of how provisions are implemented.
Finally, RD is removing outdated or unnecessary text.

The following paragraphs discuss these changes.

1. Census Bureau data. RD allocates the funding for a number of its programs
using formulas that rely on data supplied by the Census Bureau, frequently as
found in the decennial Census. Most RD regulations refer to this as "using the
latest census data available" or similar language.

Starting with the 2010 census, however, the Census Bureau no longer reports
income data in the decennial Census. Thus, RD needs to identify an alternative
source for income-related data.

After examining several alternative data sources, RD determined that income data
published by the Census Bureau in the American CommunitySurvey (ACS), as found
in the 5-year survey component of the ACS, provides the best source of data for
estimates of state-level income and poverty data, even though such are no longer
being published in the decennial Census. RD is also aware that the data
contained in the ACS may not meet the needs of a specific program and that the
ACS may at some point in the future be replaced or discontinued. For these
reasons, RD is using "5-year income data from the American Community Survey
(ACS) or, if needed, other Census Bureau data" to indicate the source of the
data to be used.

In some instances, RD regulations refer to using other data sources for
income-related data if the ACS or Census Bureau data are outdated. RD is
retaining that concept where it currently exists, but modifying the language to
address the revision noted in the preceding paragraph.

2. Consistency and clarification. As described below, RD is making several
changes to create consistency between the RD programs.

a. Whenever a regulation is directing the use of the decennial Census as the
data source, RD is using "the most recent decennial Census of the United States
(decennial Census)" consistently throughout the RD regulations. This change
brings consistency among the three RD agencies and their regulations.

b. RD regulations apply not only to what most people understand as the 50 states
of the United States, but also to the U.S. Virgin Islands, Puerto Rico, Guam,
American Samoa, the Marshall Islands, etc. The decennial Census does not report
population for most of these territories. Some, but not all, of the RD
regulations clearly identify how population data are to be obtained for these
other areas. To make this consistent, RD is revising text to make clear in all
its regulations the data sources to be used. Specifically, if the decennial
Census does not provide the applicable population information, then RD will
determine the applicable population data based on available population data.
C. FSA Related Changes

When they were operating as the Farmers Home Adminstration, RD and FSA shared
many regulations. With RD and FSA now separate entities, many of the regulations
in 7 CFR no longer apply to FSA. Some of these regulations have already been
identified as no longer being applicable to FSA. There are a few regulations,
however, that still need to be identified as no being applicable to FSA and RD
is adding text to that effect. The regulations are: 7 CFR 1900 subpart A, 7 CFR
1902 subpart A, and 7 CFR 1910 subpart B.
D. Outdated and/or Unnecessary Text in Those Parts and Subparts That Contain
Either Reference to Census Bureau or FmHA

Once RD identified those CFR parts that need updating with regard to references
to FmHA and the Census Bureau, RD also identified a number of other outdated or
unnecessary material, and thus is revising such material. In brief, these
changes:

Remove reference to Rand McNally and Company as an alternative source of
population data (7 CFR 1735.2, 7 CFR 1737.2);
    Remove references to a Federal Communications Commission Web site and to a
Census Tiger Map (7 CFR 1740.8(b)(1)(i) and (c)(1);
    Remove a series of Agency forms from 7 CFR 1980, Subpart E and their
conforming references. Specifically, RD will no longer publish in the CFR RD
forms identified as: (1) Appendix A, (2) Appendix B, (3) Appendix F, (4)
Exhibits A through C to Appendix I to Subpart E of Part 1980, and (5) Exhibits A
through C to Appendix K to Subpart E of Part 1980. The applicable forms will
continue to be available in RD offices and through RD's Web site;
    Remove reference to the year 2000 as it currently modifies "Census block" in
7 CFR 1709(b);
    Remove the first paragraph in the definition of Rural and rural area in 7
CFR 3575.1. This paragraph references Fiscal Year 1999 and is thus obsolete; and

    Update the reference to the Legislative Affairs and Public Information Staff
(LAPIS) with the Legislative and Public Affairs Staff (LAPAS) (7 CFR parts 1942,
1944, 1948, and 1980).

E. Other

For the Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant (REDLG) program, RD is
modifying both the definition of Rural or rural area" (7 CFR 4280.3) and the
scoring criterion associated with the decline in population for the county where
the project is physically located (7 CFR 4280.42(b)(7)).

RD is modifying the definition of "Rural or rural area" for REDLG to make the
definition consistent with the definition for "rural or rural area" found in the
Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP), whose definition is more
comprehensive and consistent with other definitions with Rural
Business-Cooperative Service programs.

RD is modifying the identified scoring criterion by adding reference to making
the calculation using the an "equivalent time frame" in those instances where
data is used from a data source other than the decennial Census.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              45 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 24, 2015 Tuesday

Arizona: Rural Development: FmHAand Census References

LENGTH: 2775  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of The Treasury has issued the following news release:

Rural Development (RD) is amending its regulations by updating references to the
Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) and clarifying and updating references to the
census data. These actions will provide consistency in terminology between
program regulations. In addition, clarifying and updating references to census
data is needed to account for changes to the decennial Census, which, starting
with the 2010 decennial Census is no longer reporting income and unemployment
data. Additional revisions are being implemented to show the regulations that do
not apply to the Farm Service Agency (FSA) and to remove outdated or unnecessary
language.
Dates

This rule will become effective April 27, 2015 without further action unless the
Agency receives significant written adverse comments or written notices of
intent to submit adverse comments on or before March 26, 2015. If the Agency
receives significant adverse comments or notices, the Agency will publish a
timely notice in theFederal Registerwithdrawing those provisions on which
adverse comment were received.
Addresses

You may submit adverse comments or notice of intent to submit adverse comments
to this rule by any of the following methods:

Federal eRulemaking Portal: http://www.regulations.gov. Follow the instructions
for submitting comments.
    Mail: Submit written comments via the U.S. Postal Service to the Branch
Chief, Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, U.S. Department of
Agriculture, STOP 0742, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-0742.

    Hand Delivery/Courier: Submit written comments via Federal Express Mail, or
other courier service requiring a street address, to the Branch Chief,
Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, U.S. Department of Agriculture, 300
7th Street SW., 7th Floor, Washington, DC 20024.

All written comments will be available for public inspection during regular work
hours at the 300 7th Street SW., 7th Floor address listed above.
For Further Information Contact

Kenneth Meardon, Policy Advisor, Rural Business-Cooperative Service, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, STOP 3201, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington,
DC 20250-3225; email: ken.meardon@wdc.usda.gov; telephone (202) 260-8296.
Supplementary Information
Classification

This rule has been determined to be not significant for purposes of Executive
Order 12866 and has not been reviewed by the Office of Management and Budget.
Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance

RD's programs affected by this rulemaking are shown in the Catalog of Federal
Domestic Assistance (CFDA) with numbers as indicated:

10.350--Technical Assistance to Cooperatives

10.352--Value-Added Producer Grants (4284)

10.405--Farm Labor Housing Loans and Grants (3560)

10.410--Very Low to Moderate Income Housing Loans (Section 502 Rural Housing
Loans) (3550)

10.415--Rural Rental Housing Loans

10.420--Rural Self-Help Technical Assistance

10.427--Rural Rental Assistance Payments (3560)

10.433--Rural Housing Preservation Grants

10.438--Rural Rental Housing Program--Guaranteed Loans

10.441--Technical and Supervisory Assistance Grants

10.448--Rural Housing Service Multi-Family Housing Rural Housing Voucher
Demonstration Program (3560)

10.759--Special Evaluation Assistance for Rural Communities and Households
Program (SEARCH) (1774)

10.760--Water and Waste Disposal Systems for Rural Communities (1779, 1780)

10.761--Technical Assistance and Training Grants (1775)

10.762--Solid Waste Management Grants (1775)

10.763--Emergency Community Water Assistance Grants (1778)

10.766--Community Facilities Loans and Grants (3570, 3575)

10.767--Intermediary Relending Program (4274)

10.768--Business and Industry Guaranteed Loan Program (4279)

10.769--Rural Business Enterprise Grant Program

10.770--Water and Waste Disposal Loans and Grants (Section 306C) (1777)

10.771--Rural Cooperative Development Grants

10.773--Rural Business Opportunity Grant Program

10.781--Water and Waste Disposal Systems for Rural Communities--ARRA (1780)

10.782--Appropriate Technology Transfer for Rural Areas (4284)

10.850--Rural Electrification Loans and Loan Guarantees (1714)

10.851--Rural Telephone Loans and Loan Guarantees (1735)

10.854--Rural Economic Development Loans and Grants (4280)

10.857--State Bulk Fuel Revolving Fund Grants

10.858--RUS Denali Commission Grants and Loans

10.859--Assistance to High Energy Cost--Rural Communities (1709)

10.860--Rural Business Investment Program (4290)

10.861--Public Television Station Digital Transition Grant Program (1740)

10.862--Water and Waste Disposal Systems for Rural Communities (1776)

10.863--Community Connect Grant Program (1739)

10-864--Grant Program to Estabish a Fund for Financing Water and Wastewater
Projects (1783)

10.865--Biorefinery Assistance (4279)

10.866--Repowering Assistance Program (4288)

10.867--Bioenergy Program for Advanced Biofuels (4288)

10.868--Rural Energy for America Program (4280)

10.870--Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program

10.871--Small Socially-Disadvantaged Producer Grants (4284)

10.886--Rural Broadband Access Loans and Loan Guarantees (1738)

All active CFDA programs can be found at www.cfda.gov under "Department of
Agriculture, RuralDevelopment." Programs not listed in this section or not
listed on the CFDA Web site but are still being serviced by RD will nevertheless
be covered by the requirements of this action.
Executive Order 12372, Intergovernmental Review of Federal Programs

This action is not subject to the provisions of Executive Order 12372, which
requires intergovernmental consultation with State and local officials.
Executive Order 12988, Civil Justice Reform

This rule has been reviewed under Executive Order 12988, Civil Justice Reform.
RD has determined that this rule meets the applicable standards provided in
section 3 of the Executive Order. Additionally, (1) all state and local laws and
regulations that are in conflict with this rule will be preempted; (2) no
retroactive effect will be given to the rule; and (3) administrative appeal
procedures, if any, must be exhausted before litigation against the Department
or its agencies may be initiated, in accordance with the regulations of the
National Appeals Division of USDA at 7 CFR part 11.
Environmental Impact Statement

This document has been reviewed in accordance with 7 CFR part 1940, subpart G,
"Environmental Program." RD has determined that this action does not constitute
a major Federal action significantly affecting the quality of the human
environment and, in accordance with the National Environmental Policy Act (NEPA)
of 1969, 42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq., an Environmental Impact Statement is not
required.
Unfunded Mandates Reform Act

This rule contains no Federal mandates (under the regulatory provisions of Title
II of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995) for State, local, and Tribal
governments or the private sector. Thus, this rule is not subject to the
requirements of sections 202 and 205 of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of
1995.
Regulatory Flexibility Act

Under section 605(b) of the Regulatory Flexibility Act, 5 U.S.C. 605(b), RD
certifies that this rule will not have a significant economic impact on a
substantial number of small entities because the action will not affect a
significant number of small entities as defined by the Regulatory Flexibility
Act (5 U.S.C. 501). RBS made this determination based on the fact that this
action only impacts internal Agency procedures for determining how much of
available program funds are allocated to each state. Small entities will not be
impacted to a greater extent than large entities.
Executive Order 13132, Federalism

The policies contained in this rule do not have any substantial direct effect on
states, on the relationship between the national government and the states, or
on the distribution of power and responsibilities among the various levels of
government. Nor does this rule impose substantial direct compliance costs on
state and local governments. Therefore, consultation with states is not
required.
Executive Order 13175, Consultation and Coordination With Indian Tribal
Governments

This executive order imposes requirements on RD in the development of regulatory
policies that have Tribal implications or preempt tribal laws. RD has determined
that the rule does not, to our knowledge, have a substantial direct effect on
one or more Indian Tribe(s) or on either the relationship or the distribution of
powers and responsibilities between the Federal Government and Indian Tribes.
Thus, this rule is not subject to the requirements of Executive Order 13175. If
a Tribe determines that this rule has implications of which RD is not aware and
would like to engage with RD on this rule, please contact RD's Native American
Coordinator at (202) 690-1681 or AIAN@wdc.usda.gov
Paperwork Reduction Act

There are no reporting and recordkeeping requirements associated with this rule.

E-Government Act Compliance

RD is committed to complying with the E-Government Act, to promote the use of
the Internet and other information technologies, to provide increased
opportunities for citizens to access Government information and services
electronically.
I. Background and Discussion

RD is amending numerous RD regulations in two broad areas--references to the
Farmners Home Administration and references to Bureau of Census data. For those
RD regulations affected by these two areas, RD is also making several additional
changes by updating the text with regard to applicability of the regulations to
the FSA; removing or updating outdated text, as applicable; and removing
unnecessary text.
II. Discussion of Changes
A. Farmers Home Administration (FmHA)

Many RD regulations still contain references to the Farmers Home Administration,
or FmHA, which was the predecessor agency to both RD and FSA.

FmHA references most frequently encountered in RD regulations are in reference
to forms, instructions, and addresses. RD is either removing references that are
no longer necessary or updating the FmHA references to reflect the appropriate
entity, as applicable. New references will be to RD, Agency, to the specific RD
agency (Rural Business-Cooperative Service, Rural Housing Service, Rural
Utilities Service), to the "government," or to the United States, depending on
the context of the regulation. Where necessary in individual RD regulations,
definitions have been changed or added to reflect the new reference(s).
B. Census References

Many RD regulations refer to census data as the source to be used for various
popluation-, income-, and unemployment-related data. RD is amending those
portions of its regulations that reference U.S. Bureau of Census (Census Bureau)
and its data primarily due to changes in the data being reported by the Census
Bureau in the decennial Census.

Other changes are being implemented to further consistency among RD programs in
referencing sources to be used for population-related data requirements and
provisions and to provide clarification of how provisions are implemented.
Finally, RD is removing outdated or unnecessary text.

The following paragraphs discuss these changes.

1. Census Bureau data. RD allocates the funding for a number of its programs
using formulas that rely on data supplied by the Census Bureau, frequently as
found in the decennial Census. Most RD regulations refer to this as "using the
latest census data available" or similar language.

Starting with the 2010 census, however, the Census Bureau no longer reports
income data in the decennial Census. Thus, RD needs to identify an alternative
source for income-related data.

After examining several alternative data sources, RD determined that income data
published by the Census Bureau in the American CommunitySurvey (ACS), as found
in the 5-year survey component of the ACS, provides the best source of data for
estimates of state-level income and poverty data, even though such are no longer
being published in the decennial Census. RD is also aware that the data
contained in the ACS may not meet the needs of a specific program and that the
ACS may at some point in the future be replaced or discontinued. For these
reasons, RD is using "5-year income data from the American Community Survey
(ACS) or, if needed, other Census Bureau data" to indicate the source of the
data to be used.

In some instances, RD regulations refer to using other data sources for
income-related data if the ACS or Census Bureau data are outdated. RD is
retaining that concept where it currently exists, but modifying the language to
address the revision noted in the preceding paragraph.

2. Consistency and clarification. As described below, RD is making several
changes to create consistency between the RD programs.

a. Whenever a regulation is directing the use of the decennial Census as the
data source, RD is using "the most recent decennial Census of the United States
(decennial Census)" consistently throughout the RD regulations. This change
brings consistency among the three RD agencies and their regulations.

b. RD regulations apply not only to what most people understand as the 50 states
of the United States, but also to the U.S. Virgin Islands, Puerto Rico, Guam,
American Samoa, the Marshall Islands, etc. The decennial Census does not report
population for most of these territories. Some, but not all, of the RD
regulations clearly identify how population data are to be obtained for these
other areas. To make this consistent, RD is revising text to make clear in all
its regulations the data sources to be used. Specifically, if the decennial
Census does not provide the applicable population information, then RD will
determine the applicable population data based on available population data.
C. FSA Related Changes

When they were operating as the Farmers Home Adminstration, RD and FSA shared
many regulations. With RD and FSA now separate entities, many of the regulations
in 7 CFR no longer apply to FSA. Some of these regulations have already been
identified as no longer being applicable to FSA. There are a few regulations,
however, that still need to be identified as no being applicable to FSA and RD
is adding text to that effect. The regulations are: 7 CFR 1900 subpart A, 7 CFR
1902 subpart A, and 7 CFR 1910 subpart B.
D. Outdated and/or Unnecessary Text in Those Parts and Subparts That Contain
Either Reference to Census Bureau or FmHA

Once RD identified those CFR parts that need updating with regard to references
to FmHA and the Census Bureau, RD also identified a number of other outdated or
unnecessary material, and thus is revising such material. In brief, these
changes:

Remove reference to Rand McNally and Company as an alternative source of
population data (7 CFR 1735.2, 7 CFR 1737.2);
    Remove references to a Federal Communications Commission Web site and to a
Census Tiger Map (7 CFR 1740.8(b)(1)(i) and (c)(1);
    Remove a series of Agency forms from 7 CFR 1980, Subpart E and their
conforming references. Specifically, RD will no longer publish in the CFR RD
forms identified as: (1) Appendix A, (2) Appendix B, (3) Appendix F, (4)
Exhibits A through C to Appendix I to Subpart E of Part 1980, and (5) Exhibits A
through C to Appendix K to Subpart E of Part 1980. The applicable forms will
continue to be available in RD offices and through RD's Web site;
    Remove reference to the year 2000 as it currently modifies "Census block" in
7 CFR 1709(b);
    Remove the first paragraph in the definition of Rural and rural area in 7
CFR 3575.1. This paragraph references Fiscal Year 1999 and is thus obsolete; and

    Update the reference to the Legislative Affairs and Public Information Staff
(LAPIS) with the Legislative and Public Affairs Staff (LAPAS) (7 CFR parts 1942,
1944, 1948, and 1980).

E. Other

For the Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant (REDLG) program, RD is
modifying both the definition of Rural or rural area" (7 CFR 4280.3) and the
scoring criterion associated with the decline in population for the county where
the project is physically located (7 CFR 4280.42(b)(7)).

RD is modifying the definition of "Rural or rural area" for REDLG to make the
definition consistent with the definition for "rural or rural area" found in the
Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP), whose definition is more
comprehensive and consistent with other definitions with Rural
Business-Cooperative Service programs.

RD is modifying the identified scoring criterion by adding reference to making
the calculation using the an "equivalent time frame" in those instances where
data is used from a data source other than the decennial Census.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              46 of 159 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                           August 21, 2013 Wednesday

USDA Rural Development funds projects in five towns

LENGTH: 547 words


BANGOR, Maine â[#x20ac]" USDA Rural Development has awarded funding to five
water and wastewater and community projects that will benefit rural Maine.


"I am pleased that USDA Rural Development can invest $2.27 million to assist
four communities with essential water and wastewater upgrades and one tribal
community with upgrades to its vital Administrative Building," USDA Rural
Development State Director Virginia Manuel said in a press release. "The impact
of this funding will benefit these rural communities for many years to come
through reliable infrastructure and preservation of an important community
building and meeting space. "


Water and Wastewater Projects receiving funding:Jay Village Water District will
receive $1,210,000 in the form of a Water and Waste Disposal Loan of $680,000
and a Water and Waste Disposal Grant of $530,000 to replace aging
asbestos-cement water mains. It will improve the available water flow for fire
suppression, help reduce system pressure fluctuations during heavy usage, and
replace a section of main that has reached the end of its useful life.Livermore
Falls Water District will receive $500,000 in the form of a Water and Waste
Disposal Loan to replace water mains along Route 4 from Livermore Falls into
Jay. These upgrades will improve the available flow for fire suppression, aide
in reducing system pressure fluctuations during heavy usage, and replace a
section of main that has reached the end of its useful life and has had frequent
breaks. This project is being done in conjunction with the Jay Sewer Department,
Village Water District and a Maine Department of Transportation
project.Farmingdale will receive $500,000 in the form of a Water and Waste
Disposal Loan of $300,000 and Water and Waste Disposal Grant of $200,000 to
replace five existing, obsolete pump stations that are near the end of their
useful life, replace slide rail assemblies with explosion proof assemblies,
replace existing discharge piping and valves within the wet well structure, and
replace the aluminum hatch lifting pistons and latching assemblies. The upgrades
will improve the efficiency and capacity of the sewer system for the users of
the system.Brownville will receive $30,000 in the form of a Special Evaluation
Assistance for Rural Communities and Households Grant for a feasibility study
that will provide an analysis of the existing wastewater treatment system,
treatment requirements and needs, cost analysis and treatment options.


Community Facility Project receiving funding:Indian Township Passamaquoddy
Reservation will receive $30,655 in the form of a Community Facility Grant to
replace windows and exterior doors in the Tribal Administrative Building that
serves as the center for all tribal functions and services, tribal events, and
as a meeting space. The windows and doors are 28 years old and are in need of
replacement.


USDA Rural Development has Area Offices located in Presque Isle, Bangor,
Lewiston, and Scarborough, as well as a State Office, located in Bangor. USDA
Rural Development invested a total of $402.5 million in Maine communities last
fiscal year. Further information on rural programs is available at a local USDA
Rural Development office or by visiting USDA Rural Development's web site at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/me.

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Bangor Daily News


                              47 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 24, 2014 Friday

USDA INVESTS $7.49 MILLION IN MISS. CHOCTAW & RURAL SCOTT CO. WATER, WASTEWATER
SYSTEMS

LENGTH: 411  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Thad Cochran, U.S Government has issued the following news
release:

Water and wastewater infrastructure systems serving the Mississippi Band of
Choctaw Indians and rural areas of Scott County are in line to receive almost
$7.5 million in improvements from the U.S. Department of Agriculture, U.S.
Senator Thad Cochran (R-Miss.) today reported.

Cochran, the ranking Republican on the Senate Agriculture Committee, on Thursday
said that USDA Rural Development has approved a $4.13 million grant-loan package
for the Mississippi Band of Choctaw Indians to improve wastewater treatment.
Another $3.36 million grant-loan award is being issued to H&H Water Systems to
upgrade water service to residents in the Harperville and Hillsboro areas of
Scott County.

"Communities rely on good water and wastewater services to improve public health
and quality of life for their residents.  These USDA awards will not only
improve services, but also help the Mississippi Band of Choctaws and rural areas
of Scott County meet increasingly strict health and environmental regulations,"
Cochran said.

The Mississippi Band of Choctaws is receiving a $3.98 million Native American
grant and $154,000 loan to repair and replace components throughout its
wastewater system, including improvements to the headwork and influent pump
station.

The water system serving Harperville and Hillsboro area residents will be
improved through a $2.46 million grant and $896,000 low-interest loan to install
a 750 GPM well, construct an elevated 250,000-gallon water tank and perform
other work to improve the distribution system.

The awards to Mississippi are directly linked to the USDA Water and Waste
Disposal Loan and Grant Program included in the rural development title of the
2014 farm bill, the five--year agriculture and nutrition policy measure that
became law in February.  In addition to being a primary negotiator in finalizing
the new farm bill, Cochran serves on the Senate Agriculture Appropriations
Subcommittee.

The 2014 farm bill authorized the USDA Water, Waste Disposal and Wastewater
Facility Grants and Loans program to provide grants, loans and loan guarantees
to public agencies for projects that support the development, storage,
treatment, purification, or distribution of water or the collection, treatment,
or disposal of waste in rural areas.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              48 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                        Progressive Media - Company News

                           November 4, 2015 Wednesday

Agriculture Department to offer $344m for water and wastewater projects in US

SECTION: WATER SUPPLY; Investment Updates

LENGTH: 314 words



HIGHLIGHT: US Department of Agriculture (USDA) has announced a $30m investment
for quality improvements in Mississippi River Basin and allowed loans and grants
of $314m for water and wastewater infrastructure improvements in rural
communities.


US Department of Agriculture (USDA) has announced a $30m investment for quality
improvements in Mississippi River Basin and allowed loans and grants of $314m
for water and wastewater infrastructure improvements in rural communities.

The agency intends to spend $30m this year through its Natural Resources
Conservation Service (NRCS) for 33 new projects and 40 existing projects to
improve water quality in high priority watersheds in the Mississippi River
Basin.

The USDA supported projects under NRCS' Mississippi River Basin Healthy
Watersheds Initiative (MRBI) are aimed at bringing down the nutrient and
sediment losses to water which gradually flows into the Gulf of Mexico.

USDA secretary Tom Vilsack said: "By targeting small priority watersheds within
the Mississippi River basin, we are helping to deliver local water quality
benefits and contributing to large-scale improvements for the Basin as a whole.

"Water quality is important to everyone, at all levels of government, to private
landowners, and in rural and urban areas alike.

The many partnerships created through this initiative are both impressive and
promising to the future of these watersheds."

Additionally, the agency has allowed $314m in loans and grants for 141 projects,
which will develop and better water and wastewater infrastructure in rural
communities across the country.

While $299m of the total amount will be forwarded to 88 projects under the Water
and Waste Disposal Loan and Grant Program, remaining $15m will be offered as 53
grants under USDA's Emergency Community Water Assistance Grant (ECWAG) program.

Vilsack said: "Many rural communities need to upgrade and repair their water and
wastewater systems, but often lack the resources to do so.

"These loans and grants will help accomplish this goal. USDA's support for
infrastructure improvements is an essential part of building strong rural
economies."

LOAD-DATE: November 05, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 Progressive Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              49 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 23, 2014 Thursday

Hoeven Announces More Than $7 Million in USDA Grants and Loans to Improve Rural
Water Systems

LENGTH: 279  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator John Hoeven, U.S Government has issued the following news
release:

Senator John Hoeven today announced that the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) has awarded funding to improve rural water systems and upgrade water
infrastructure in rural North Dakota through its Water and Environmental
Program.

"These funded projects will not only help ensure that rural residents and
businesses have access to clean water, but will also create jobs and help
communities retain and attract new businesses and families," Hoeven said.
"Up-to-date, healthy and safe water systems are essential for a state like North
Dakota to keep up with both a growing economy and a growing population."

The three North Dakota cities and one tribe received a total of $3.5 million in
loans and $3.6 million in grants for water system improvements. The city of
Finley received a $594,000 loan and a $461,000 grant; Linton received a $140,000
loan and a $113,000 grant; New England received a $2.7 million loan and a $2. 2
million grant; and the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe received a $770,750 grant.

As a member of the Appropriations and Agriculture Committees and the conference
committee that crafted the final version of the 2014 farm bill, Hoeven worked to
reauthorize water and infrastructure programs to help rural communities ensure
safe and reliable water systems. The senator pushed through the Appropriations
Committee for funding the USDA's Water and Waste Disposal Loan and Grant Program
in the 2014 budget, which includes the Water and Environmental Program.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              50 of 159 DOCUMENTS


                  The Press-Republican (Plattsburgh, New York)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            April 30, 2015 Thursday

Town of Saranac wins funding for Standish Water District

BYLINE: Dan Heath, The Press-Republican, Plattsburgh, N.Y.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 494 words


April 30--SARANAC -- The Town of Saranac has won funding that will pay for
improvements to its Standish Water District.

The $632,000 grant and $222,000 loan both come through the U.S. Department of
Agriculture's Water and Waste Disposal Loan and Grant program, according to a
joint press release from Sens. Charles E. Schumer and Kirsten Gillibrand.

Saranac Supervisor Joe Gerardi welcomed the funding announcement.

"The aging infrastructure of the Standish water plant called for attention, but
how does a small, non-wealthy water district afford the cost of this basic
need?" he said via email.

"With the help of (USDA) Rural Development, another generation or two of
Standish residents will be able to meet their water needs with a yearly water
tax that does not eat into the other parts of a family's budget."

SOLAR COMPONENT

Gerardi said the effort to obtain the funding was led by the town's independent
consultant, Liz Tedford, who steered them through the process. He also thanked
Renee Hotte, a USDA Rural Development Specialist in Canton, for her valuable
guidance.

Tedford said the project involves construction of a new water treatment plant
for the small, 54-user, standalone water district and a new well.

A new underground storage tank will replace the current one, which is inside the
plant.

Construction is expected to start this summer. The project also includes a solar
component to reduce energy costs during the plant's lifetime.

Tedford said she's been working with the town on this project for about two
years, ever since a Clinton County Health Department inspection revealed the
need for upgrades to remain in regulatory compliance.

INCOME-BASED GRANT

The first step involved a $6,500 grant for project engineering.

A subsequent income survey revealed the median income of users in the hamlet was
less than 50 percent of the state average.

That allowed them to qualify for the $632,000 in grant funds, which covers 75
percent of the project costs.

The remainder is covered by the $222,000 low-interest loan at a rate of slightly
more than 2 percent, which carries a 38-year term.

"Once this gets built, the district should be able to meet all of its needs for
at least 30 years," Tedford said.

'CRITICAL INVESTMENT'

Schumer said the federal funding will help ensure the long-term health and
prosperity of the hamlet and its residents.

"Improving the water system is a wise infrastructure investment that will create
jobs in the short-term and enhance public health, public safety and economic
development in the long-term," he said in a press release.

Gillibrand said in a statement that the funds will help ensure local taxpayers
aren't left to foot the bill alone.

"This is a critical investment in the Town of Saranac's water infrastructure,"
she said.

Email Dan Heath:

dheath@pressrepublican.com

___ (c)2015 the Press-Republican (Plattsburgh, N.Y.) Visit the Press-Republican
(Plattsburgh, N.Y.) at pressrepublican.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150430-ZI-Town-of-Saranac-wins-funding-for-Standish-Water
-District-0430-20150430

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZI


                      Copyright 2015 The Press-Republican


                              51 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 25, 2014 Saturday

Mikulski, Cardin Announce More Than $7.3 Million in Federal Funds to Upgrade
Critical Water and Wastewater Infrastructure in Kent County

LENGTH: 612  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Barbara A. Mikulski, U.S Government has issued the
following news release:

U.S. Senators Barbara A. Mikulski and Ben Cardin (both D-Md.) today announced
Kent County and the Town of Galena have been awarded $7,308,000 in federal funds
through the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural Development to upgrade
critical water and wastewater infrastructure.

As Chairwoman of the Senate Appropriations Committee, Senator Mikulski funds
USDA Rural Development programs. Senator Cardin is Chairman of the Environment
and Public Works Water and Wildlife Subcommittee. Together they understand the
economic, environmental and quality of life benefits of investing in
infrastructure.

"My promises made are promises kept. I went to bat for Kent County to secure
these funds in the federal checkbook to make needed upgrades and updates to
critical water and sewer infrastructure," Senator Mikulski said. "Eastern Shore
communities need to upgrade their water and sewer infrastructure, but they can't
do it on their own. They need a government on their side. I will continue to
fight for smart federal funding that communities can use to wash away the rust
and decay of crumbling water infrastructure and create jobs, protect public
safety, protect the environment including the health of the Chesapeake Bay, and
protect ratepayers."

"Investing in Kent County's water and wastewater infrastructure is the right
thing to do for public health, for the health of the Chesapeake Bay and to save
energy, but it also creates local jobs and supports economic growth," said
Senator Cardin. "Water infrastructure provides a foundation for economic
activity in every community across this nation. But our systems are aging and
cannot withstand the demands being placed upon them. Local governments on the
Eastern Shore and across Maryland need federal support to upgrade their water
infrastructure and USDA Rural Development funds are helping that happen."

The Town of Galena in Kent County will receive a $2,083,000 grant and a $694,000
loan through the Wastewater Disposal Loan and Grant program to upgrade and
expand the existing Galena Wastewater Treatment Plant. The upgrade will include
Enhanced Nutrient Removal and Biological Nutrient Removal (ENR/BNR) treatment,
significantly reducing nutrient loading to the Chesapeake ecosystem.  The
expansion of the facility will provide wastewater treatment for the existing
Galena sewer system and will also provide treatment for three Kent County
service areas - Georgetown, Mapewood Lane and Lee Avenue.  A combined total of
348 residential homes and businesses will be serviced.

The Kent County Board of Commissioners will receive a $3,368,000 grant and a
$1,163,000 loan through the Water and Waste Disposal program to construct the
collection and conveyance system for Georgetown, Maplewood Lane and Lee Avenue
located in Kent County and the connection to Galena's Wastewater Treatment
Plant.  The existing septic systems in this region are aging and not meeting
current requirements, due to high water levels in the soil.  A combined total of
108 residential homes and businesses will be serviced.

In addition to the funding announced today, the Kent County Board of
Commissioners received a $950,000 grant and a $476,000 loan through the Water
and Waste Disposal Loan and Grant program in August 2014. Those funds will be
used to extend a water main from the end of the existing Georgetown/Fairlee
water system to serve the Delta Heights area near Tolchester. This targeted
project will serve 30 homes.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              52 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 25, 2014 Saturday

Cardin, Mikulski Announce More Than $7.3 Million In Federal Funds To Upgrade
Critical Water And Wastewater Infrastructure In Kent County

LENGTH: 662  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Ben Cardin, U.S Government has issued the following news
release:

U.S. Senators Ben Cardin and Barbara A. Mikulski (both D-Md.) today announced
Kent County and the Town of Galena have been awarded $7,308,000 in federal funds
through the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural Development to upgrade
critical water and wastewater infrastructure.

"Investing in Kent County's water and wastewater infrastructure is the right
thing to do for public health, for the health of the Chesapeake Bay and to save
energy, but it also creates local jobs and supports economic growth," said
Senator Cardin. "Water infrastructure provides a foundation for economic
activity in every community across this nation. But our systems are aging and
cannot withstand the demands being placed upon them. Local governments on the
Eastern Shore and across Maryland need federal support to upgrade their water
infrastructure and USDA Rural Development funds are helping that happen."

"My promises made are promises kept. I went to bat for Kent County to secure
these funds in the federal checkbook to make needed upgrades and updates to
critical water and sewer infrastructure," Senator Mikulski said. "Eastern Shore
communities need to upgrade their water and sewer infrastructure, but they can't
do it on their own. They need a government on their side. I will continue to
fight for smart federal funding that communities can use to wash away the rust
and decay of crumbling water infrastructure and create jobs, protect public
safety, protect the environment including the health of the Chesapeake Bay, and
protect ratepayers."

The Town of Galena in Kent County will receive a $2,083,000 grant and a $694,000
loan through the Wastewater Disposal Loan and Grant program to upgrade and
expand the existing Galena Wastewater Treatment Plant. The upgrade will include
Enhanced Nutrient Removal and Biological Nutrient Removal (ENR/BNR) treatment,
significantly reducing nutrient loading to the Chesapeake ecosystem.  The
expansion of the facility will provide wastewater treatment for the existing
Galena sewer system and will also provide treatment for three Kent County
service areas - Georgetown, Mapewood Lane and Lee Avenue.  A combined total of
348 residential homes and businesses will be serviced.

The Kent County Board of Commissioners will receive a $3,368,000 grant and a
$1,163,000 loan through the Water and Waste Disposal program to construct the
collection and conveyance system for Georgetown, Maplewood Lane and Lee Avenue
located in Kent County and the connection to Galena's Wastewater Treatment
Plant.  The existing septic systems in this region are aging and not meeting
current requirements, due to high water levels in the soil.  A combined total of
108 residential homes and businesses will be serviced.

In addition to the funding announced today, the Kent County Board of
Commissioners received a $950,000 grant and a $476,000 loan through the Water
and Waste Disposal Loan and Grant program in August 2014. Those funds will be
used to extend a water main from the end of the existing Georgetown/Fairlee
water system to serve the Delta Heights area near Tolchester. This targeted
project will serve 30 homes.

USDA Rural Development was created to improve the economy and quality of life in
rural America. Rural Development programs help support essential services and
infrastructure improvements, and promotes economic development by supporting
loans to businesses through banks and community-managed lending pools.

Senator Cardin is Chairman of the Environment and Public Works Water and
Wildlife Subcommittee. Senator Mikulski is Chairwoman of the Senate
Appropriations Committee that funds USDA Rural Development programs. Together
they understand the economic, environmental and quality of life benefits of
investing in infrastructure.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              53 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 14, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: Heitkamp Announces Federal Funding for Water and Waste

LENGTH: 267  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Heidi Heitkamp has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Senator Heidi Heitkamp, Ranking Member on the U.S. Senate Committee on
Agriculture, Nutrition & Forestry's Subcommittee on Rural Development and
Energy, announced over $6.4 million in federal grant and loan funding for water
and waste disposal projects for the Southeast Water Users District, Barnes Rural
Water District, and the city of Oakes.





 "North Dakotans understand the importance of safe and reliable water systems,"
said Heitkamp. "The small towns throughout our state offer a high quality of
life to residents, and secure water infrastructure is just one of the basic
needs that must be met. The federal funds made available today will help rural
communities in North Dakota improve their water system that keep the community
safe, clean, and thriving."



 The funds will be distributed as follows:



     Southeast Water Users District: $4,709,000 in federal loans for the
expansion of the region's water and waste water system.



     Barnes Rural Water District: $625,000 in federal loans for a rural water
supply project.



     Oakes: $607,500 in federal grant funding and a $480,000 federal loan for
lagoon improvements.



 These funds are authorized by the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Water and
Waste Disposal Loan and Grant Programs and are authorized under the Farm Bill
that Heitkamp fought to pass to give our state rural and agricultural
communities the security they need.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              54 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 15, 2016 Monday

Washington: SCHUMER, GILLIBRAND ANNOUNCE MORE THAN $6 MILLON IN FED FUNDING FOR
WATER INFRASTRUCTURE UPGRADES IN JEFFERSON COUNTY

LENGTH: 384  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Charles E. Schumer has issued the following
news release:



 U.S. Senators Charles E. Schumer and Kirsten Gillibrand today announced
$6,190,000 in federal funding for the Village of Clayton in Jefferson County to
make new investments in local water infrastructure. The funding was allocated
through the U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) Rural Development Water and
Waste Disposal Loan and Grant Program. Specifically, this funding comes in the
form of a $1,500,000 grant and a $4,690,000 loan, the latter of which can be
paid back over 38 years with low interest. These funds will be used to upgrade
water main lines, filtration systems, and the local water treatment plant. Part
of these funds will also be used for a major overhaul of the Village's
standpipe, which will further enhance water system capabilities.





 "With these new funds, the Village of Clayton can now move forward with several
critical infrastructure upgrades without passing the bill on to local
taxpayers," said Senator Schumer. "These improvements will help ensure that the
Village's water system continues to safely and conveniently serve the people of
Clayton for years to come. This investment creates jobs in the short-term and
boosts sustainable economic development in the long-term. Nothing is more
important than making sure our families have access to clean drinking water, and
I'm committed to delivering the resources our local communities need to provide
it."



 "This funding will help ensure that the water in the Village of Clayton is safe
to use and consume," said Senator Gillibrand, the first New York Senator to
serve on the Senate Agriculture Committee in nearly 40 years. "All of our
communities in New York should have access to a reliable water system, and I
will continue to fight in the Senate to make sure our communities have the
resources they need to keep their water supplies efficient and clean."



 USDA Rural Development's Water and Waste Disposal Program provides loans and
grants to ensure that the necessary investments are made in water and wastewater
infrastructure to deliver safe drinking water and protect the environment in
rural areas.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              55 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 11, 2014 Tuesday

SCHUMER, GILLIBRAND, MAFFEI ANNOUNCE MORE THAN $4 MILLION IN USDA FUNDING FOR
CENTRAL NEW YORK

LENGTH: 415  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Charles E. Schumer, U.S Government has issued the
following news release:

U.S. Senators Charles E. Schumer and Kirsten Gillibrand and Representative Dan
Maffei today announced $4,091,000 in federal funding for Central New York. The
funding was allocated through the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Water
and Waste Disposal Loan and Grant program. The Village of Tully will receive a
$3,131,000 loan to replace an outdated well house, replace an old water tank and
to replace a small waterline. The Town of Brutus will receive a $430,000 grant
and a $530,000 loan to help improve water quality in the area.

"Having a state-of-the-art waste-water system is critical to public health and
the environment," said Senator Schumer. "This federal investment will have a
positive impact on the lives of many residents and businesses in both the
Village of Tully and the Town of Brutus. Having an effective sewer system will
help towns and villages like these in Central New York to grow and prosper."

"This is a much needed investment for Central New York," Senator Gillibrand
said. "Upgrading water infrastructure is an effective way to support local
businesses and attract new jobs. This critical funding will help enhance
resident's quality of life by delivering clean drinking water to more local
families."

"This funding is great news for the Village of Tully and the Town of Brutus,"
said U.S. Representative Dan Maffei. "We must upgrade our water infrastructure
to ensure our families and businesses have access to clean water and ensure
Central New York has the structural framework in place to grow our economy and
create jobs for years to come."

"The Village has worked over the past 4 1/2 years with USDA to secure funding to
address the numerous deficiencies of our aging water system infrastructure,"
said Beth Greenwood, Mayor of Tully. "Although this bond will double the costs
of water for all of our users, the work that will be done will ensure that the
ongoing operation of our system meets basic 10 States Standard and will allow
the Village to provide our water users with safe drinking water."

USDA Rural Development's Water and Environmental Program provides loans and
grants to ensure that the necessary investments are made in water and wastewater
infrastructure to deliver safe drinking water and protect the environment in
rural areas.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              56 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 24, 2017 Tuesday

Washington: Schumer, Gillibrand Announce Over $1.2 Million In Federal Funding
For Water And Infrastructure Upgrades In Central New York

LENGTH: 362  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Kirsten Gillibrand has issued the following
news release:



 U.S. Senators Charles Schumer and Kirsten Gillibrand today announced $1,266,000
in federal assistance for the Town of New Haven in Oswego County. The federal
funding was allocated through the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural
Development Water and Waste Disposal Loan and Grant program. Specifically, the
Town of New Haven will receive $265,000 in federal grant funds along with a
federal low-interest loan of $1,001,000 to install 17,750 linear feet of new
water distribution mains and hydrants giving reliable water to 61 residences.
The federal loan is set for 38 years at 1.875 percent.





 "Nothing is more important than ensuring families in Oswego County and across
New York have access to clean drinking water. That's why I've continued the
fight to provide our communities with the resources they need to maintain their
sewer infrastructure," said Senator Schumer. "This federal investment will allow
the Town of New Haven to make essential upgrades to their water systems so they
can continue to deliver clean and safe drinking water to their residents for
generations to come."



 "These federal funds will allow the Town of New Haven to make critical upgrades
to their water infrastructure," said Senator Gillibrand, a member of the Senate
Environment and Public Works Committee. "This upgrade to the town's water system
will help protect the health and quality of life for residents and deliver clean
water to more local families."



 "I am grateful for the help of Senator Schumer and Senator Gillibrand in
securing this funding," said Town of New Haven Clerk Debra J. Allen. "This
funding will give many New Haven residents reliable access to clean water, a
basic and fundamental resource."







 USDA Rural Development's Water and Waste Disposal Program provides loans and
grants to ensure that the necessary investments are made in water and wastewater
infrastructure to deliver safe drinking water and protect the environment in
rural areas.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com a

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              57 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 24, 2017 Tuesday

Washington: Schumer, Gillibrand Announce Over $1.2 Million In Federal Funding
For Water And Infrastructure Upgrades In Central New York

LENGTH: 362  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Kirsten Gillibrand has issued the following
news release:



 U.S. Senators Charles Schumer and Kirsten Gillibrand today announced $1,266,000
in federal assistance for the Town of New Haven in Oswego County. The federal
funding was allocated through the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural
Development Water and Waste Disposal Loan and Grant program. Specifically, the
Town of New Haven will receive $265,000 in federal grant funds along with a
federal low-interest loan of $1,001,000 to install 17,750 linear feet of new
water distribution mains and hydrants giving reliable water to 61 residences.
The federal loan is set for 38 years at 1.875 percent.





 "Nothing is more important than ensuring families in Oswego County and across
New York have access to clean drinking water. That's why I've continued the
fight to provide our communities with the resources they need to maintain their
sewer infrastructure," said Senator Schumer. "This federal investment will allow
the Town of New Haven to make essential upgrades to their water systems so they
can continue to deliver clean and safe drinking water to their residents for
generations to come."



 "These federal funds will allow the Town of New Haven to make critical upgrades
to their water infrastructure," said Senator Gillibrand, a member of the Senate
Environment and Public Works Committee. "This upgrade to the town's water system
will help protect the health and quality of life for residents and deliver clean
water to more local families."



 "I am grateful for the help of Senator Schumer and Senator Gillibrand in
securing this funding," said Town of New Haven Clerk Debra J. Allen. "This
funding will give many New Haven residents reliable access to clean water, a
basic and fundamental resource."







 USDA Rural Development's Water and Waste Disposal Program provides loans and
grants to ensure that the necessary investments are made in water and wastewater
infrastructure to deliver safe drinking water and protect the environment in
rural areas.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com a

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              58 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 14, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: Alexander: Water and Waste Infrastructure Loans and Grants \x93Good
News" for Rural Tennessee Communities Working to Keep Drinking Water Safe

LENGTH: 263  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Lamar Alexander, U.S Government has issued
the following news release:



 U.S. Sen. Lamar Alexander (R-Tenn.) released the following statement today,
after the U.S. Department of Agriculture announced more than $6.6 million in
federal loans and more than $2 million in grant funding for communities in
Tennessee.





 "This announcement is good news for these Tennessee communities that are
working hard to keep our drinking water safe while shouldering the costly burden
of maintaining aging water infrastructure. These loans and grants will help
support these communities as they work to make our towns better for the people
who live in them."



 The USDA's announcement was part of its Rural Development Water and Waste
Disposal Loan and Grant Program, which provides loans and grants for drinking
water and waste disposal infrastructure to communities with fewer than 10,000
residents.



 The following Tennessee communities were awarded federal assistance for
drinking water and waste disposal infrastructure:



     Hartsville-Trousdale County Government - $1.85 million loan, $619,400 grant


     City of Lobelville - $470,000 loan, $180,000 grant

     City of Loretto - $536,000 loan, $100,200 grant

     North Utility District of Rhea County - $45,000 grant

     Town of Selmer - $2.41 million loan, $805,000 grant

     South Giles Utility District - $300,000 loan

     Watts Bar Utility District - $1.05 million loan, $350,000 grant



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              59 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 14, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: Alexander: Water and Waste Infrastructure Loans and Grants \x93Good
News" for Rural Tennessee Communities Working to Keep Drinking Water Safe

LENGTH: 263  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Lamar Alexander, U.S Government has issued
the following news release:



 U.S. Sen. Lamar Alexander (R-Tenn.) released the following statement today,
after the U.S. Department of Agriculture announced more than $6.6 million in
federal loans and more than $2 million in grant funding for communities in
Tennessee.





 "This announcement is good news for these Tennessee communities that are
working hard to keep our drinking water safe while shouldering the costly burden
of maintaining aging water infrastructure. These loans and grants will help
support these communities as they work to make our towns better for the people
who live in them."



 The USDA's announcement was part of its Rural Development Water and Waste
Disposal Loan and Grant Program, which provides loans and grants for drinking
water and waste disposal infrastructure to communities with fewer than 10,000
residents.



 The following Tennessee communities were awarded federal assistance for
drinking water and waste disposal infrastructure:



     Hartsville-Trousdale County Government - $1.85 million loan, $619,400 grant


     City of Lobelville - $470,000 loan, $180,000 grant

     City of Loretto - $536,000 loan, $100,200 grant

     North Utility District of Rhea County - $45,000 grant

     Town of Selmer - $2.41 million loan, $805,000 grant

     South Giles Utility District - $300,000 loan

     Watts Bar Utility District - $1.05 million loan, $350,000 grant



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              60 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            June 12, 2013 Wednesday

Schumer, Gillibrand Announce Village of Morris to Receive Over $2 Million in
Federal Funding for Water Management

LENGTH: 362 words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Gillibrand, U.S Government has issued the following news
release:

Today, U.S. Senators Charles E. Schumer and Kirsten E. Gillibrand announced that
the Village of Morris has received a Water and Waste Disposal Loan and Grant for
a total of $2,475,000 from the U.S. Department of Agriculture - Rural
Development's Water and Waste Disposal Loan and Grant Program. The funding will
be used for several water management projects, including construction of a new
water storage tank that will replace the existing 130 year old tank. In
addition, Morris will replace aging water mains and install individual water
meters for each service as well as a section of pipe for increased chlorine
contact time to ensure safe drinking water.

"Supporting New York's rural communities with smart investments for water
management is pivotal for communities like the Village of Morris and its local
economy. It improves water quality and spurs economic development," said Senator
Schumer. "This USDA Rural Development investment for the Village of Morris will
improve local access to clean water in turn will help enhance quality of life in
the community and lead the way for further economic development in the region."

"When we invest in key water infrastructure like this, we can deliver clean
drinking water to more families in the Village of Morris, and help strengthen
the local economy," Senator Gillibrand said. "Upgrading water infrastructure is
an effective way to attract new businesses and support new local jobs. And by
making these investments at the federal level, we can help hold the line on
property bills to help Morris families keep more of what they earn."

The USDA Rural Development funding for the Village of Morris in Otsego County
comprises a $1,725,000 loan and $750,000 grant. The USDA Rural Development's
mission is to increase economic opportunity and improve the quality of life for
rural residents. USDA Rural Development fosters growth in homeownership,
finances business development, and supports the creation of necessary community
and technology infrastructure.

For further information please visit: http://www.gillibrand.senate.gov

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              61 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                   Clovis Livestock Market News (New Mexico)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                November 6, 2015

New Mexico project make list for USDA rural infrastructure program

BYLINE: Clovis Livestock Market News staff

LENGTH: 249  words


WASHINGTON -- The U.S. Department of Agriculture this week announced loans and
grants for 141 projects to build and improve water and wastewater infrastructure
in rural communities across the nation, including two in New Mexico.

"Many rural communities need to upgrade and repair their water and wastewater
systems, but often lack the resources to do so," said USDA Secretary Tom
Vilsack.

USDA is awarding $299 million for 88 projects in the Water and Waste Disposal
Loan and Grant Program and $15 million for 53 grants in the Emergency Community
Water Assistance Grant (ECWAG) program.

The communities of Garfield and La Luz in the southern part of the state The new
water lines will address high leakage rates by replacing old water-lines. A new
computerized management system will also be installed to assist with system
operations and reduce water loss from tank overflows. Also, by adding the new
well, the growth restriction will be removed.

The La Luz Mutual Domestic Water Consumers Association was approved for loan of
$414,000 and a grant of $1,787,100 for a total of $2,201,100. The funding will
be used to upgrade approximately 5 miles of the 63 year old, and undersized
water line system, and the outdated and undersized treatment system. Once
completed the improvements to the water system will provide a reliable and safe
water delivery system for the community at reasonable rates.

ECWAG recipients can use the grants to help eligible communities prepare for or
recover from emergencies.

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CVM

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                  Copyright 2015 Clovis Livestock Market News


                              62 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 4, 2015 Wednesday

Washington: Manchin and Capito Announce More Than $12 Million in Funding from
U.S. Department of Agriculture

LENGTH: 384  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Senator Joe Manchin has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Senators  Joe Manchin (D-WV) and Shelley Moore Capito (R-WV) today
announced loans and grants for five projects in West Virginia to develop water
and wastewater infrastructure. The funds have been awarded by the United States
Department of Agriculture (USDA) and will provide rural communities with the
resources necessary to improve or repair their water and wastewater systems.





 USDA has awarded $12,246,000 to four West Virginia communities for projects in
the Water and Waste Disposal Loan and Grant Program. This program provides
crucial funding for projects that promote clean drinking water systems, sanitary
sewage and solid waste disposal, and storm water drainage to households and
businesses.



 Additionally, a $500,000 grant has been awarded to the Mingo County Public
Service District for the Emergency Community Water Assistance Grant (ECWAG)
program, which assists in the preparation or recovery process for emergencies
threatening the availability of safe and reliable drinking water.



 &ldquo;It is important to invest in infrastructure projects like these that
make sure our communities are connected to the basic necessities of life, like
water,&rdquo; Senator Manchin said. &ldquo;All West Virginians deserve access to
clean and safe water, and this funding will improve our water systems to ensure
the health and safety of our residents. This project will also help boost
economic development, protect tourism activities in these regions and improve
the prosperity of our families, businesses and communities. I will continue to
work to make these commonsense infrastructure investments a reality.&rdquo;



 &ldquo;It is essential that every West Virginian have access to clean water.
This funding will not only assist rural communities throughout the state in
repairing and establishing safer and more reliable water and waste systems, but
it will also help solidify local economies,&rdquo; said Senator Capito. &ldquo;I
am pleased to join Senator Manchin in announcing this important funding that
will help to strengthen our communities and keep our residents healthy.&rdquo;



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              63 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 24, 2015 Tuesday

SCHUMER, GILLIBRAND ANNOUCE NEARLY $700,000 IN FEDERAL FUNDS FOR NEW WATER
INFRASTRUCTURE IN ORLEANS COUNTY

LENGTH: 319  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Charles E. Schumer, U.S Government has issued the
following news release:

U.S. Senators Charles E. Schumer and Kirsten Gillibrand today announced $692,000
in funding for the Town of Barre in Orleans County to make new investments in
local water infrastructure. The Town of Barre will receive a $384,000 loan,
along with a grant of $308,000 to construct a new water main, valves and
hydrants that will extend clean water access to residents on Eagle Harbor, Route
31A and Long Bridge roads who currently have contaminated private wells. The
funding was allocated through the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Water
and Waste Disposal Loan and Grant program.

"With this funding and low-interest loan, the Town of Barre in Orleans County
will now be able to make crucial improvements to its water district without
passing the entire financial burden onto local taxpayers," said Senator Schumer.
"This water main expansion is a wise investment in infrastructure that will
enhance access to clean drinking water, which is vital to the town and its
residents' long-term health and prosperity."

"This is a major investment for Barre residents, and those who are looking to
move or open new businesses in town," Senator Gillibrand said. "Access to safe,
clean, and sustainable water is imperative and I am pleased this federal funding
will be going to provide residents with access to that basic necessity.
Continuous improvements like this one protect the health of our families and
help spur growth and longevity in our communities."

USDA Rural Development's Water and Waste Disposal Program provides loans and
grants to ensure that the necessary investments are made in water and wastewater
infrastructure to deliver safe drinking water and protect the environment in
rural areas.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              64 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 14, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: Manchin, Capito Announce USDA Water Infrastructure Investments in
West Virginia

LENGTH: 350  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Joe Manchin has issued the following news
release:



 Today, U.S. Senators Joe Manchin (D-WV) and Shelley Moore Capito (R-WV)
announced that the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) is making investments
to improve water and waste infrastructure in Braxton, Fayette, Marion and
Nicholas counties. Through the USDA Rural Development's Water and Waste Disposal
Loan and Grant Program, this funding will provide assistance and financing to
develop drinking water and waste disposal systems for communities with 10,000 or
fewer residents.





 "Investing in water infrastructure projects in rural communities not only
improves the quality of life for our local residents, but preserves countless
good-paying jobs, boosts economic development and improves the prosperity of our
families, businesses and communities," Senator Manchin said. "I am pleased these
projects will receive the funding needed to improve the water systems in
Braxton, Fayette, Marion and Nicholas counties and will expand water services to
underserved communities that truly need it."



 "Maintaining and improving access to our water and wastewater infrastructure is
critical for communities throughout the state, including rural towns like
Sutton, Monongah, Nettie and Pax," said Senator Capito, a member of the
Appropriations Committee. "This USDA funding is welcome news for these areas as
they work to improve water infrastructure systems and strengthen local economies
and the reason why I advocated for an increase in this program in this year's
Agriculture Appropriations bill."



 The individual award amounts below:



     Flatwoods-Canoe Run PSD - Exchange Road Waterline Extension Phase I -
$570,000 (Loan), $570,000 (Grant)

     Monongah - Water System Improvements Phase II - $5,950,000 (Loan), $950,000
(Grant)

     Nettie-Leivasy Public Service District - Water System Improvements -
$2,753,000 (Loan)

     Pax - Willis Branch Sewer Project - $236,000 (Loan), $555,000 (Grant)



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              65 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 14, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: Manchin, Capito Announce USDA Water Infrastructure Investments in
West Virginia

LENGTH: 350  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Joe Manchin has issued the following news
release:



 Today, U.S. Senators Joe Manchin (D-WV) and Shelley Moore Capito (R-WV)
announced that the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) is making investments
to improve water and waste infrastructure in Braxton, Fayette, Marion and
Nicholas counties. Through the USDA Rural Development's Water and Waste Disposal
Loan and Grant Program, this funding will provide assistance and financing to
develop drinking water and waste disposal systems for communities with 10,000 or
fewer residents.





 "Investing in water infrastructure projects in rural communities not only
improves the quality of life for our local residents, but preserves countless
good-paying jobs, boosts economic development and improves the prosperity of our
families, businesses and communities," Senator Manchin said. "I am pleased these
projects will receive the funding needed to improve the water systems in
Braxton, Fayette, Marion and Nicholas counties and will expand water services to
underserved communities that truly need it."



 "Maintaining and improving access to our water and wastewater infrastructure is
critical for communities throughout the state, including rural towns like
Sutton, Monongah, Nettie and Pax," said Senator Capito, a member of the
Appropriations Committee. "This USDA funding is welcome news for these areas as
they work to improve water infrastructure systems and strengthen local economies
and the reason why I advocated for an increase in this program in this year's
Agriculture Appropriations bill."



 The individual award amounts below:



     Flatwoods-Canoe Run PSD - Exchange Road Waterline Extension Phase I -
$570,000 (Loan), $570,000 (Grant)

     Monongah - Water System Improvements Phase II - $5,950,000 (Loan), $950,000
(Grant)

     Nettie-Leivasy Public Service District - Water System Improvements -
$2,753,000 (Loan)

     Pax - Willis Branch Sewer Project - $236,000 (Loan), $555,000 (Grant)



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              66 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 18, 2017 Saturday

Washington: Heinrich: 10 Reasons President Trump's Budget Is Terrible For New
Mexico

LENGTH: 1270  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Martin Heinrich has issued the following news
release:



 Today, following the release of the Trump administration's preliminary 2018
budget proposal, U.S. Senator Martin Heinrich (D-N.M.) outlined the severe
impact it would have on New Mexico.





 "President Trump's proposed budget would be devastating for New Mexico," said
Senator Heinrich. "Investments in infrastructure, scientific research, and our
rural jobs would take a huge hit and the state would see a drastic cut to
funding for public lands, education and health programs. Budgets should reflect
our core values and principles, but what Trump has proposed is out of touch with
New Mexicans and a clear sign that he is not committed to the success of hard
working families and our rural communities."



 Senator Heinrich outlines below 10 of the reasons why President Trump's budget
would cripple New Mexico's economy and devastate working families:



 1) Rural and Small Towns:



 Eliminates funding for the Department of Housing and Urban Development's
Community Development Block Grant program, which supports a broad range of rural
water infrastructure, urban-renewal, and affordable housing projects in
communities across New Mexico.



 Eliminates the USDA Water and Waste Disposal Loan and Grant Program, which
provides funding for clean and reliable drinking water systems, sanitary sewage
disposal, sanitary solid waste disposal, and storm water drainage to households
and businesses in rural areas.



 Reduces staffing in USDA's Service Center Agencies. There are many service
centers across New Mexico that provide access to the services provided by the
Farm Service Agency, Natural Resources Conservation Service, and the Rural
Development agencies.



 Cuts funding for the Payments In lieu of Taxes (PILT) program. Local
governments use PILT funding to provide police, fire protection, emergency
response, road maintenance and other crucial services to residents.



 2) Energy:



 Massive cuts to the Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, the
Office of Nuclear Energy, the Office of Electricity Delivery and Energy
Reliability, and the Fossil Energy Research and Development program.



 Eliminates the Weatherization Assistance Program and the State Energy Program.
The R&D cuts will impact wind, solar, geothermal research by New Mexico's
National Labs and universities.



 3) Security:



 Reduces the Visible Intermodal Prevention and Response (VIPR) program and
eliminates TSA grants to State and local jurisdictions, a program intended to
incentivize lo­cal law enforcement patrols. Senator Heinrich led the effort to
expand the number of VIPR teams from the current 31 to as many as 60, to enhance
the security presence in pre-screening airport areas and other transportation
facilities, especially in non-secure "soft" target areas at airports like
check-in and baggage claim areas. The Senator's measure also updated federal
security programs to provide active shooter training for local law enforcement.



 4) Education:



 Slashes the Education Department by $9 billion in part by eliminating Striving
Readers, Teacher Quality Partnerships, Impact Aid Support payments for Federal
Property, and the International Education programs, while giving an additional
$1.4 billion to a program that help parents enroll their children in private
schools.



 Eliminates the 21st Century Community Learning Centers program, the only
federal program dedicated to afterschool as well as summer programs. Nearly
9,000 New Mexican students participate in programs supported by this grant.



 5) Health:



 Cuts $6 billion from the National Institutes of Health. Eliminates the
Community Services Block Grant, which is a $715 million anti-poverty program.
Eliminates $403 million in health professions and nursing training programs.



 6) Infrastructure:



 Terminates federal support for Amtrak's long distance train services, such as
the Southwest Chief. Senator Heinrich fought for federal funding for the
Southwest Chief Route Advancement and Improvement Project to continue essential
upgrades to Amtrak's Southwest Chief line. The Southwest Chief could have been
rerouted or abandoned entirely -- a major economic loss to New Mexico rural
communities that depend on the service.



 Eliminates funding for the Essential Air Service (EAS) program. Carlsbad
(Cavern City Air Terminal), Clovis Municipal Airport, and the Silver City -
Grant County Airport rely on critical EAS funding to operate.



 Eliminates funding for the TIGER discretionary grant program. Due to a great
need for infrastructure investments nationally, there has been significant
demand for the TIGER grants since the program's authorization in 2009. In 2013,
Taos Pueblo received a $3.2 million dollar grant to support the Taos Pueblo
Veterans Highway. In 2015, the Pueblo of Laguna received a $1 million grant to
help complete a network of bike and pedestrian routes and the Southwest Chief
Route Advancement and Improvement Project received $15 million to continue
essential upgrades to Amtrak's Southwest Chief line.



 7) Public Lands:



 Reduces funding for wildland fire suppression, returning to a budget model that
forces a practice known as "fire borrowing," which is when the costs of fighting
fires exceed the regular fire budget, the difference must be made up by
transferring funds from other forest health and restoration programs. In the
past, fire borrowing delayed a grant to Santa Clara, Ohkay Owingeh, and Nambe
pueblos to help them repair watersheds that supply their drinking and
agricultural water. The Forest Service postponed the Moya-Oso Project in the
Santa Fe National Forest -- a collaborative project with New Mexico Game & Fish
to reduce vegetation that could fuel future fires. A fire planning and training
program for young adults in the White Peak area in Mora and Colfax counties lost
its funding.



 Near-elimination of America's most successful conservation program, the Land
and Water Conservation Fund (LWCF), which has been used to protect public lands
in New Mexico, including the Rio Grande del Norte National Monument and the
Gila. The $120 million reduction below sequester-level LWCF investments will
likely translate to at least a 75 percent cut to the program.



 8) Service:



 Eliminates AmeriCorps. AmeriCorps members serve thousands of nonprofit and
faith-based organizations in rural and urban communities throughout the nation.
In the last year alone, 700 AmeriCorps members provided intensive,
results-driven service to meet education, environmental, health, economic, and
other pressing needs in communities across New Mexico. Senator Heinrich is a
staunch supporter of national service programs. He is the first AmeriCorps alum
to serve in the United States Senate and a member of the National Service
Congressional Caucus.



 9) Science:



 Eliminates $900 million from the Department of Energy's Office of Science for
high-priority basic science and energy research and development. This will have
an impact on New Mexico's National Labs and universities.



 10) Art & Culture:



 Eliminates the National Endowment for the Arts, the National Endowment for the
Humanities, the Institute of Museum and Library Services, and the Corporation
for Public Broadcasting. These organizations play a vital role in New Mexico's
vibrant art and cultural economy. Federal investments help leverage state,
local, and private funding to support arts organizations, educational
institutions, museums, libraries and public broadcasting affiliates.



 Eliminates funding for public TV and radio stations, including local PBS and
NPR stations across New Mexico.

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              67 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 25, 2017 Wednesday

Washington: SCHUMER, GILLIBRAND ANNOUNCE $4.9 MILLION FEDERAL FUNDING FOR WATER
AND INFRASTRUCTURE UPGRADES IN HUDSON VALLEY

LENGTH: 320  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Charles E. Schumer has issued the following
news release:



 U.S. Senators Charles Schumer and Kirsten Gillibrand today announced $4.9
million in federal assistance for the Village of Red Hook in Dutchess County.
The federal funding was allocated through the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development Water and Waste Disposal Loan and Grant program.
Specifically, the Village of Red Hook will receive $1.2 million in federal grant
funds along with a federal low-interest loan of $3.7 million to construct a
sewer collection system and expand the wastewater treatment plant. The federal
loan is set for 38 years at 1.875 percent.





 "Nothing is more important than ensuring families in the Hudson Valley and
across New York have access to clean drinking water. That's why I've continued
the fight to provide our communities with the resources they need to maintain
their sewer infrastructure," said Senator Schumer. "This federal investment will
allow the Village of Red Hook to make essential upgrades to their water systems
so they can continue to deliver clean and safe drinking water to their residents
for generations to come."



 "These federal funds will allow Village of Red Hook to make critical upgrades
to their water infrastructure," said Senator Gillibrand, a member of the Senate
Environment and Public Works Committee. "This upgrade to the village's water
system will help protect the health and quality of life for residents and
improve economic development opportunities within the Village."



 USDA Rural Development's Water and Waste Disposal Program provides loans and
grants to ensure that the necessary investments are made in water and wastewater
infrastructure to deliver safe drinking water and protect the environment in
rural areas.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              68 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 25, 2017 Wednesday

Washington: SCHUMER, GILLIBRAND ANNOUNCE $4.9 MILLION FEDERAL FUNDING FOR WATER
AND INFRASTRUCTURE UPGRADES IN HUDSON VALLEY

LENGTH: 320  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Charles E. Schumer has issued the following
news release:



 U.S. Senators Charles Schumer and Kirsten Gillibrand today announced $4.9
million in federal assistance for the Village of Red Hook in Dutchess County.
The federal funding was allocated through the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development Water and Waste Disposal Loan and Grant program.
Specifically, the Village of Red Hook will receive $1.2 million in federal grant
funds along with a federal low-interest loan of $3.7 million to construct a
sewer collection system and expand the wastewater treatment plant. The federal
loan is set for 38 years at 1.875 percent.





 "Nothing is more important than ensuring families in the Hudson Valley and
across New York have access to clean drinking water. That's why I've continued
the fight to provide our communities with the resources they need to maintain
their sewer infrastructure," said Senator Schumer. "This federal investment will
allow the Village of Red Hook to make essential upgrades to their water systems
so they can continue to deliver clean and safe drinking water to their residents
for generations to come."



 "These federal funds will allow Village of Red Hook to make critical upgrades
to their water infrastructure," said Senator Gillibrand, a member of the Senate
Environment and Public Works Committee. "This upgrade to the village's water
system will help protect the health and quality of life for residents and
improve economic development opportunities within the Village."



 USDA Rural Development's Water and Waste Disposal Program provides loans and
grants to ensure that the necessary investments are made in water and wastewater
infrastructure to deliver safe drinking water and protect the environment in
rural areas.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              69 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 24, 2017 Tuesday

Washington: Schumer, Gillibrand Announce $4.9 Million Federal Funding for Water
and Infrastructure Upgrades In Hudson Valley

LENGTH: 320  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Kirsten Gillibrand has issued the following
news release:



 U.S. Senators Charles Schumer and Kirsten Gillibrand today announced $4.9
million in federal assistance for the Village of Red Hook in Dutchess County.
The federal funding was allocated through the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development Water and Waste Disposal Loan and Grant program.
Specifically, the Village of Red Hook will receive $1.2 million in federal grant
funds along with a federal low-interest loan of $3.7 million to construct a
sewer collection system and expand the wastewater treatment plant. The federal
loan is set for 38 years at 1.875 percent.





 "Nothing is more important than ensuring families in the Hudson Valley and
across New York have access to clean drinking water. That's why I've continued
the fight to provide our communities with the resources they need to maintain
their sewer infrastructure," said Senator Schumer. "This federal investment will
allow the Village of Red Hook to make essential upgrades to their water systems
so they can continue to deliver clean and safe drinking water to their residents
for generations to come."



 "These federal funds will allow Village of Red Hook to make critical upgrades
to their water infrastructure," said Senator Gillibrand, a member of the Senate
Environment and Public Works Committee. "This upgrade to the village's water
system will help protect the health and quality of life for residents and
improve economic development opportunities within the Village."



 USDA Rural Development's Water and Waste Disposal Program provides loans and
grants to ensure that the necessary investments are made in water and wastewater
infrastructure to deliver safe drinking water and protect the environment in
rural areas.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com a

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              70 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 24, 2017 Tuesday

Washington: Schumer, Gillibrand Announce $4.9 Million Federal Funding for Water
and Infrastructure Upgrades In Hudson Valley

LENGTH: 320  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Kirsten Gillibrand has issued the following
news release:



 U.S. Senators Charles Schumer and Kirsten Gillibrand today announced $4.9
million in federal assistance for the Village of Red Hook in Dutchess County.
The federal funding was allocated through the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development Water and Waste Disposal Loan and Grant program.
Specifically, the Village of Red Hook will receive $1.2 million in federal grant
funds along with a federal low-interest loan of $3.7 million to construct a
sewer collection system and expand the wastewater treatment plant. The federal
loan is set for 38 years at 1.875 percent.





 "Nothing is more important than ensuring families in the Hudson Valley and
across New York have access to clean drinking water. That's why I've continued
the fight to provide our communities with the resources they need to maintain
their sewer infrastructure," said Senator Schumer. "This federal investment will
allow the Village of Red Hook to make essential upgrades to their water systems
so they can continue to deliver clean and safe drinking water to their residents
for generations to come."



 "These federal funds will allow Village of Red Hook to make critical upgrades
to their water infrastructure," said Senator Gillibrand, a member of the Senate
Environment and Public Works Committee. "This upgrade to the village's water
system will help protect the health and quality of life for residents and
improve economic development opportunities within the Village."



 USDA Rural Development's Water and Waste Disposal Program provides loans and
grants to ensure that the necessary investments are made in water and wastewater
infrastructure to deliver safe drinking water and protect the environment in
rural areas.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com a

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              71 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 24, 2017 Tuesday

Washington: Schumer, Gillibrand Announce $4.9 Million Federal Funding for Water
and Infrastructure Upgrades In Hudson Valley

LENGTH: 320  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Kirsten Gillibrand has issued the following
news release:



 U.S. Senators Charles Schumer and Kirsten Gillibrand today announced $4.9
million in federal assistance for the Village of Red Hook in Dutchess County.
The federal funding was allocated through the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development Water and Waste Disposal Loan and Grant program.
Specifically, the Village of Red Hook will receive $1.2 million in federal grant
funds along with a federal low-interest loan of $3.7 million to construct a
sewer collection system and expand the wastewater treatment plant. The federal
loan is set for 38 years at 1.875 percent.





 "Nothing is more important than ensuring families in the Hudson Valley and
across New York have access to clean drinking water. That's why I've continued
the fight to provide our communities with the resources they need to maintain
their sewer infrastructure," said Senator Schumer. "This federal investment will
allow the Village of Red Hook to make essential upgrades to their water systems
so they can continue to deliver clean and safe drinking water to their residents
for generations to come."



 "These federal funds will allow Village of Red Hook to make critical upgrades
to their water infrastructure," said Senator Gillibrand, a member of the Senate
Environment and Public Works Committee. "This upgrade to the village's water
system will help protect the health and quality of life for residents and
improve economic development opportunities within the Village."



 USDA Rural Development's Water and Waste Disposal Program provides loans and
grants to ensure that the necessary investments are made in water and wastewater
infrastructure to deliver safe drinking water and protect the environment in
rural areas.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com a

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              72 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 24, 2017 Tuesday

Washington: Schumer, Gillibrand Announce $4.9 Million Federal Funding for Water
and Infrastructure Upgrades In Hudson Valley

LENGTH: 320  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Kirsten Gillibrand has issued the following
news release:



 U.S. Senators Charles Schumer and Kirsten Gillibrand today announced $4.9
million in federal assistance for the Village of Red Hook in Dutchess County.
The federal funding was allocated through the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development Water and Waste Disposal Loan and Grant program.
Specifically, the Village of Red Hook will receive $1.2 million in federal grant
funds along with a federal low-interest loan of $3.7 million to construct a
sewer collection system and expand the wastewater treatment plant. The federal
loan is set for 38 years at 1.875 percent.





 "Nothing is more important than ensuring families in the Hudson Valley and
across New York have access to clean drinking water. That's why I've continued
the fight to provide our communities with the resources they need to maintain
their sewer infrastructure," said Senator Schumer. "This federal investment will
allow the Village of Red Hook to make essential upgrades to their water systems
so they can continue to deliver clean and safe drinking water to their residents
for generations to come."



 "These federal funds will allow Village of Red Hook to make critical upgrades
to their water infrastructure," said Senator Gillibrand, a member of the Senate
Environment and Public Works Committee. "This upgrade to the village's water
system will help protect the health and quality of life for residents and
improve economic development opportunities within the Village."



 USDA Rural Development's Water and Waste Disposal Program provides loans and
grants to ensure that the necessary investments are made in water and wastewater
infrastructure to deliver safe drinking water and protect the environment in
rural areas.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com a

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              73 of 159 DOCUMENTS


                        The Fort Morgan Times (Colorado)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 3, 2009 Monday

Stimulus, grants available but competitive

BYLINE: Dan Barker, The Fort Morgan Times, Colo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1388 words


Aug. 3--Almost 100 officials, business people and educators packed a classroom
at Morgan Community College looking for information about how to access grants,
especially American Recovery and Reinvestment Act stimulus funds. (Dan
Barker/Fort Morgan Times)

(Editor's note -- This is the first in a two-part series on the opportunities
for accessing grants for Morgan County.)

By DAN BARKER

Times Staff Writer

There are many opportunities for grants for local governments, businesses and
nonprofit agencies -- but there is a lot of competition for them in this
economy.

That was one of the messages as almost 100 area officials, business people and
educators gathered to hear about how to apply for grants -- including American
Recovery and Reinvestment Act stimulus funds -- from a number of experts at
Morgan Community College on Thursday afternoon.

Much of the meeting was dedicated to listing the grants available through
various agencies, and the help those applying for grants could find through
agencies such as the Colorado Governor's Energy Office, the U.S. Department of
Commerce, the Colorado Department of Local Affairs, the U.S. Department of
Agriculture's Rural Development Program, the El Pomar Foundation, the Colorado
Office of Economic

Development and International Trade and the Northeastern Colorado Association of
Local Governments.

Rosemary Rodriguez, state director of U.S. Sen. Michael Bennet's office, told
the crowd that her boss got together with U.S. Sen. Mark Udall and U.S. Rep.
Betsy Markey and told their staffs to find a way to let people know about the
grant opportunities out there with the stimulus funding.

At times, it has been difficult for private or public entities to access
government grants or loans, because the eligibility requirements were so
stringent, said John Zender, economic development representative for the
commerce department.

But agencies are trying to look at more current data and relax the rules a
little, he said.

For instance, under some old rules and with older data, there were only four
counties that could tap into Economic Development Administration funds. With
updated data, showing how counties are suffering, there are 33 counties eligible
for aid, including Morgan County, Zender said.

However, unemployment is a key issue, he said.

That limits what Morgan County could receive, because unemployment must be above
the national average.

The Denver region -- which covers 10 Western states bounded by Montana in the
northwest, Utah on the southwest, North Dakota on the northeast and Missouri on
the southeast -- has weathered the unemployment crisis better than many places,
Zender said.

"These 10 states have been some of the most resilient in the country," he said.

Much of the funding goes for areas which have seen major job losses, plant
closings, industry downturns, underemployment or natural disasters, Zender said.

In essence, an area has to show how it is suffering from the recession, he said.

The EDA has grants for such things as public works, economic adjustment in case
of natural disaster or major job losses, research and technical assistance,
partnership planning, trade adjustment and investment guidance, Zender said.

EDA's goals are to create higher-skill and higher-wage jobs and to increase
investment of private capital, he said.

Grant applicants have to remember that the stimulus funding is about stimulating
the economy, said Mark Turner, director of public policy for the Colorado
Nonprofit Association.

"They are looking for proposals that create or maintain jobs," he said.

Turner also warned that many federal grants come with matching-funds
requirements.

Since stimulus money is only a stopgap measure, nonprofits cannot use it for
long-term funding, Turner said. They must think of other sources to sustain
their efforts.

Rural development

Morgan County is eligible for all of the Rural Development programs, said Cheryl
Scofield, northeast regional director of the agency, who has an office in Wray.

In fact, many area people have applied for housing loans or loan guarantees, she
said.

Her office has made about 300 loans since the Oct. 1 beginning of its fiscal
year, but there are more than 40 programs which can benefit rural areas like
Morgan County, Scofield said.

One of the least used programs helps with home rehabilitation and repair for
low-income families, she said.

It can help with loans of up to $20,000 to do things like replace furnaces and
roofs, Scofield said.

In the case of senior citizens on Social Security, the home repair program can
even give grants instead of loans, said Jim Isgar, a former state senator who is
the new state director for USDA Rural Development.

Each year, this program gives back money from the home repair budget, because
people do not take advantage of the opportunities, perhaps thinking it is too
good to be true, Scofield said.

Rural Development offers direct loans for home buyers, loan guarantees, rental
housing opportunities, loans to create community facilities such as day car
centers and hospitals, rural business opportunity and enterprise grants to help
develop small and emerging private businesses, rural economic development loans
and grants for rural utilities services, value-added agricultural market
development grants, distance learning funding and water and waste disposal loans
and grants, she said.

Scofield said she is working with the town of Wiggins on its water project, has
helped Centennial BOCES, the Centennial Mental Health Center, the Sexual Assault
Response Advocates and SHARE.

The mission of Rural Development is to increase economic opportunity and quality
of life in rural America, she said.

Energy office

Energy office Eastern Colorado representative Bob Mailander said his office has
funding for the new energy economy and to help individuals and businesses save
money on energy costs.

His programs for weatherization to save on heating and cooling bills is
income-qualified, which means generally for low-income families, but the
guidelines have changed to allow for a a family of four making $44,000 a year to
qualify for the program, based on 200 percent of the official poverty level, he
said.

Also, the amount of money a family can access went from $2,500 to $6,500,
Mailander said.

The idea is to help families and businesses save 20 to 40 percent on their
energy bills, he said.

Helping families and businesses cut energy costs frees up money to circulate in
the community in other ways and creates local jobs, Mailander said.

Paying out-of-state owned utilities like Xcel Energy for power sends money away
from Colorado and the local economy, he said.

His office also offers Energy Efficiency and Conservation Block Grants, which
help develop long-term strategies for energy conservation beyond the stimulus
finding time period, but the amount of money available for rural areas is
limited.

Funding for these kinds of projects is based on population, which meant the big
cities and counties were given set amounts up front and the rural areas must
apply for their share of $9.5 million left from a state total of $43 million,
Mailander said.

The plan is to build local capacity for energy savings and energy economy
initiatives, and Northeast Colorado can access $214,000 for this planning, he
said.

The energy office's State Energy Program has $49 million to use in conjunction
with private funding from sources like Xcel and the Denver Federal Center to put
into capital investment for energy projects, renewable energy programs, energy
efficiency for commercial and civil buildings, technical assistance and to
create bonds to fund projects, Mailander said.

A great deal of the effort is changing the way people think about energy and
promoting energy-related business development, he said.

(Editor's note -- The second part of this series will cover the difficulties and
strategies involved with grants.)

-- Contact Dan Barker at business@fmtimes.com

To see more of The Fort Morgan Times, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.fortmorgantimes.com. Copyright (c) 2009, The Fort Morgan Times, Colo.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090803-FQ-Stimulus-grants-available-but-competitive-0803

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FQ


                                 Copyright 2009


                              74 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          February 11, 2015 Wednesday

Schumer, Gillibrand Announce More Than $800,000 In Federal Funding For Water And
Infrastructure Upgrades In The Town Of Richmond

LENGTH: 344  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Gillibrand, U.S Government has issued the following news
release:

U.S. Senators Charles Schumer and Kirsten Gillibrand today announced a grant of
$368,000 and a loan of $455,000 for the Town of Richmond in Ontario County. The
federal funding was allocated through the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA)
Rural Development Water and Waste Disposal Loan and Grant program and will be
used to install a new water main, valves, fire hydrants and other items needed
to support the construction of a clean water supply and fire-protection system.

"This federal funding is great news for Ontario County and the Town of
Richmond," said Senator Schumer. "Expanding the water system is a wise
infrastructure investment that will enhance public health, public safety and
economic development. This federal funding will take a tremendous financial
burden off of the county and the Town of Richmond to begin construction right
away on a project that is vital to its long-term health and prosperity."

"This is an important investment for the Town of Richmond," Senator Gillibrand
said. "This upgrade to the town's critical water infrastructure will help
protect the health and quality of life of residents by delivering clean water to
more local families. It will also help keep families and businesses safe with
the installation of new fire hydrants."

"The funding will be used to put a water extension on Ashley and White road in
the Town of Richmond," said Ralph Angelo, Town of Richmond Supervisor.  "Without
the Rural Development funding we in the Town of Richmond could not do these
sorts water projects in our community, and are greatly appreciative to USDA for
awarding us this opportunity."

USDA Rural Development's Water and Waste Disposal Program provides loans and
grants to ensure that the necessary investments are made in water and wastewater
infrastructure to deliver safe drinking water and protect the environment in
rural areas.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              75 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          February 11, 2015 Wednesday

Schumer, Gillibrand Announce More Than $800,000 In Federal Funding For Water And
Infrastructure Upgrades In The Town Of Richmond

LENGTH: 344  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Gillibrand, U.S Government has issued the following news
release:

U.S. Senators Charles Schumer and Kirsten Gillibrand today announced a grant of
$368,000 and a loan of $455,000 for the Town of Richmond in Ontario County. The
federal funding was allocated through the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA)
Rural Development Water and Waste Disposal Loan and Grant program and will be
used to install a new water main, valves, fire hydrants and other items needed
to support the construction of a clean water supply and fire-protection system.

"This federal funding is great news for Ontario County and the Town of
Richmond," said Senator Schumer. "Expanding the water system is a wise
infrastructure investment that will enhance public health, public safety and
economic development. This federal funding will take a tremendous financial
burden off of the county and the Town of Richmond to begin construction right
away on a project that is vital to its long-term health and prosperity."

"This is an important investment for the Town of Richmond," Senator Gillibrand
said. "This upgrade to the town's critical water infrastructure will help
protect the health and quality of life of residents by delivering clean water to
more local families. It will also help keep families and businesses safe with
the installation of new fire hydrants."

"The funding will be used to put a water extension on Ashley and White road in
the Town of Richmond," said Ralph Angelo, Town of Richmond Supervisor.  "Without
the Rural Development funding we in the Town of Richmond could not do these
sorts water projects in our community, and are greatly appreciative to USDA for
awarding us this opportunity."

USDA Rural Development's Water and Waste Disposal Program provides loans and
grants to ensure that the necessary investments are made in water and wastewater
infrastructure to deliver safe drinking water and protect the environment in
rural areas.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              76 of 159 DOCUMENTS


                 The State Journal- Register (Springfield, IL)

                             March 19, 2017 Sunday

SECTION: IL OPINION; Pg. P23

LENGTH: 1100 words


Robust foreign assistance needs to be priority in budget

In light of President Donald Trump's proposed budget plans to cut 37 percent of
funding for U.S. foreign assistance, it's no surprise that those of us who work
with CARE, a leading global poverty-fighting organization, are concerned not
only by the harm this budget would do, but also by the gross misperception of
how much the country actually spends abroad and what these programs mean for
America.

Most Americans think we spend 10, 20 or even 30 percent of the total U.S. budget
on foreign assistance. They're wrong. It's only 1 percent, which covers some of
America's most effective national security programs like supporting and
protecting our embassies, responding to emergencies and assisting in development
that helps poor countries become self-sufficient. That's a lot of life-saving,
goodwill-creating, stability-generating power for such a small portion of our
budget.

American-sponsored efforts are making progress in the poorest communities, which
are also among the most politically unstable places. Our modest investments in
education, health care, sanitation and financial services enable people in
impoverished countries to become independent, survive after emergencies and
rebuild their communities. These programs also bring security, prosperity and
opportunities to parts of the world where they're needed most. Foreign
assistance is among the best investments our government can make.

We need to tell Congress that to demonstrate American greatness, a robust
foreign assistance budget must be a top priority. I urge U.S. Rep. Darin LaHood
and U.S. Sens. Tammy Duckworth and Dick Durbin to support and defend the foreign
assistance budget.

Katie Brunk

Jacksonville

Rural areas deserve clean water

Rural America is being "trumped" by Donald Trump's proposed federal budget that
slashes over 25 percent from the U.S. Department of Agriculture and eliminates
the Water and Waste Disposal loan and grant program that provides funding for
clean drinking water, sanitary sewage disposal, and storm-water drainage
programs in rural areas.

I have worked with two rural areas of Sangamon and Christian counties (Round
Prairie Water Cooperative and Sharpsburg and Neighboring Area Water System) to
get clean water utility service to homes and businesses so families no longer
have to rely on contaminated well water and/or hauling water. These areas relied
on USDA's Water Loan and Grant Program that is on the chopping block. This
low-interest loan and grant program is the only way to get affordable and safe
water to our rural neighbors.

Private lenders likely won't touch it, and if they are willing to consider it,
the interest rate offered makes the cost of water to the average household
unaffordable. Without the government providing this alternative, which requires
years of work by a local volunteer group that signs up customers, gets easements
donated, and works with professionals to design, bid, and construct the utility
system, there would be no way of getting rural utility services built.

Clean water should not be denied to our rural neighbors just because they live
in the country.

Many say that the Trump budget is dead on arrival to the Capitol. I pray that it
is, but it only will be if our local U.S. Congressmen stand up for our rural
communities instead of taking them for granted.

Tony DelGiorno

Sangamon County Board Member

Regular order lacking in Illinois budget impasse

Appropriate regular order in Illinois' state government budget preparation,
approval and implementation process is constitutionally mandated; required by
law; a sound management principle; and prerequisite to sustaining responsible,
responsive, economical, efficient and effective government, inclusive public
informed consent, and taxpayer intraperiod and interperiod equity.

In the absence of such order, inadequate public scrutiny and understanding of
the objectives, details, nuances, and implications of planned and actual
financing and spending activities can result in unfortunate judgments and
imprudent decisions even by leaders having the best of intentions.

Two of the most harmful consequences of our present variance from appropriate
budget process regular order are:

1. Failures of some particularly influential stakeholders to appreciate the
public interest mission critical importance of firmly insisting upon actuarially
determined level percentage of payroll annual employer contributions to public
employee defined benefit pension plans; and

2. Unfortunate tendencies to misinterpret actuarial measures of unfunded pension
obligations and/or report them in per capita terms creating potentials for
misleading inferences and undue alarm about the sustainability of such plans and
with respect to government's financial viability and service delivery capacity
sufficiency.

Gov. Bruce Rauner has to commit to regular order, and the rest of us have to
reciprocate by committing to a more appropriately public interest inclusive and
responsive regular order than we were maintaining before the present gridlock.

Dick Haas

Pontiac

Oppose the American Health Care Act

With the GOP's American Health Care Act pushed through House committees there
are worse days ahead for my future as an older American.

For those of us, like me at age 59, hoping to retire with dignity, this
legislation is concerning. Medicare and Medicaid have been critical programs for
more than a generation. This new plan threatens these lifelines for older
Americans as it allows insurance companies to charge people over 60 up to five
times more than they charge others for the same coverage.

The GOP plan also reduces tax credits that help pay for coverage and no longer
accounts for income, so older Americans with lower incomes would be doubly
burdened. I am considered self-employed and buy on the marketplace; the new plan
means I will pay more out-of-pocket costs and face exorbitant premiums.

I lacked health care coverage for 20 years for a pre-existing condition, and
paid out-of-pocket for any care related to it. I didn't have major costs; others
are not so lucky. Once the ACA allowed me to buy on the marketplace, I was able
to see a doctor.

The new proposal will be devastating for those my age who can't afford to buy
insurance on the marketplace and are not old enough for Medicare. It will result
in drastic cuts in Medicaid funding, shifting costs to the states and putting
our care at risk.

U.S. Rep. Davis, please listen to the AARP, the AMA and people like me who
oppose the American Health Care Act.

Don Hanrahan

Pleasant Plains

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Article

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2017 The State Journal- Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              77 of 159 DOCUMENTS


                 The State Journal- Register (Springfield, IL)

                             March 19, 2017 Sunday

SECTION: IL OPINION; Pg. P23

LENGTH: 279 words


Rural areas deserve clean water

Rural America is being "trumped" by Donald Trump's proposed federal budget that
slashes over 25 percent from the U.S. Department of Agriculture and eliminates
the Water and Waste Disposal loan and grant program that provides funding for
clean drinking water, sanitary sewage disposal, and storm-water drainage
programs in rural areas.

I have worked with two rural areas of Sangamon and Christian counties (Round
Prairie Water Cooperative and Sharpsburg and Neighboring Area Water System) to
get clean water utility service to homes and businesses so families no longer
have to rely on contaminated well water and/or hauling water. These areas relied
on USDA's Water Loan and Grant Program that is on the chopping block. This
low-interest loan and grant program is the only way to get affordable and safe
water to our rural neighbors.

Private lenders likely won't touch it, and if they are willing to consider it,
the interest rate offered makes the cost of water to the average household
unaffordable. Without the government providing this alternative, which requires
years of work by a local volunteer group that signs up customers, gets easements
donated, and works with professionals to design, bid, and construct the utility
system, there would be no way of getting rural utility services built.

Clean water should not be denied to our rural neighbors just because they live
in the country.

Many say that the Trump budget is dead on arrival to the Capitol. I pray that it
is, but it only will be if our local U.S. Congressmen stand up for our rural
communities instead of taking them for granted.

Tony DelGiorno

Sangamon County Board Member

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Article

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2017 The State Journal- Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              78 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            June 12, 2013 Wednesday

Schumer, Gillibrand Announce Over $1.2 Million in Federal Funds to Build New
Water Line for Families, Businesses in Batavia

LENGTH: 301 words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Gillibrand, U.S Government has issued the following news
release:

U.S. Senators Charles E. Schumer and Kirsten Gillibrand today announced federal
funding worth a total of $1,220,600 for the Town of Batavia to help finance a
project to deliver public water to 59 residents. This loan and grant are through
the U.S. Department of Agriculture - Rural Development's Water and Waste
Disposal Loan and Grant Program.

"This is great news for the Town of Batavia, which will mean new water delivery
to about 59 more residents. Supporting New York's rural communities with smart
investments for water management is pivotal for communities like the Town of
Batavia and its local economy. It improves water management, safeguards public
health and spurs economic development," said Senator Schumer. "This USDA Rural
Development investment for thousands of feet of water main and hydrants will in
turn help enhance quality of life in the community and lead the way for further
economic development in the region."

"When we invest in key water infrastructure like this, we can deliver clean
drinking water to more Batavia families, and help strengthen the local economy,"
Senator Gillibrand said. "Upgrading water infrastructure is an effective way to
attract new businesses and support new local jobs. And by making these
investments at the federal level, we can hold the line on property taxes to help
Batavia families keep more of what they earn."

The Town of Batavia is receiving a federal loan worth $721,000 and a federal
grant for $499,600 to finance the water project, which includes running 22,000
feet of 8-inch water main and hydrants down Creek Road, Lehigh Road, East Road
and Dorman Road in the Town of Batavia.

For further information please visit: http://www.gillibrand.senate.gov

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              79 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 14, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: Hoeven Announces More Than $5.8 Million in USDA Loans, $607,000
Grant to Support Rural Water Projects in North Dakota

LENGTH: 204  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator John Hoeven has issued the following news
release:



  Senator John Hoeven, a member of the U.S. Senate Agriculture Committee and
Agriculture Appropriations Committee, today announced that the U.S. Department
of Agriculture (USDA) is providing three loans totaling $5.8 million and a grant
of $607,500 to support rural water projects in North Dakota. The funds are made
available through USDA's Water and Waste Disposal Loan and Grant program, which
supports infrastructure for drinking water systems, sanitary sewer and waste
systems and storm water drainage in rural areas. The details of the funding are
as follows:





 o Southeast Water Users District - $4.7 million loan to support a system-wide
expansion.

 o City of Oakes - $607,500 grant and a $480,000 loan for improvements to the
city's wastewater treatment lagoon.

 o Barnes Rural Water District - $625,000 loan for a rural water supply project.




 "Today's funds will help ensure that our communities have the updated, reliable
infrastructure they need to support their quality of life and future growth,"
Hoeven said.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              80 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 14, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: Hoeven Announces More Than $5.8 Million in USDA Loans, $607,000
Grant to Support Rural Water Projects in North Dakota

LENGTH: 204  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator John Hoeven has issued the following news
release:



  Senator John Hoeven, a member of the U.S. Senate Agriculture Committee and
Agriculture Appropriations Committee, today announced that the U.S. Department
of Agriculture (USDA) is providing three loans totaling $5.8 million and a grant
of $607,500 to support rural water projects in North Dakota. The funds are made
available through USDA's Water and Waste Disposal Loan and Grant program, which
supports infrastructure for drinking water systems, sanitary sewer and waste
systems and storm water drainage in rural areas. The details of the funding are
as follows:





 o Southeast Water Users District - $4.7 million loan to support a system-wide
expansion.

 o City of Oakes - $607,500 grant and a $480,000 loan for improvements to the
city's wastewater treatment lagoon.

 o Barnes Rural Water District - $625,000 loan for a rural water supply project.




 "Today's funds will help ensure that our communities have the updated, reliable
infrastructure they need to support their quality of life and future growth,"
Hoeven said.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              81 of 159 DOCUMENTS

                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                   September 23, 2004 Thursday, York Edition

Water district receives $1.25 million in federal aid

SECTION: YOUR NEIGHBORS; News Briefs; Pg. E5

LENGTH: 171 words

DATELINE: ALFRED


The Alfred Water District has been selected to receive $1.25 million in federal
funding to correct its public water sources.

The funding is part of a nearly $80 million in loan and grant money to assist 38
rural communities in 25 states to make improvements to provide clean, safe
drinking water and sanitary wastewater disposal.

The money comes in the form of a water and waste disposal loan and grant from
U.S. Department of Agriculture's Rural Development.

Money will be used to improve water flow for users of the town's water supply
and to replace a 100-plus-year-old water storage tank that was causing health
issues due to high iron and manganese levels found in the water.

Funding for the projects is composed of $60.5 million in loans and $19.3 million
in grants and will be contingent upon meeting the conditions of the loan and
grant agreements. A complete list of the selected loan and grant recipients and
projects can be found at: http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/rd/newsroom/news.htm.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 2004 Blethen Maine Newspapers, Inc.


                              82 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 15, 2013 Thursday

Schumer, Gillibrand Announce Over $1 Million for New Water District in Oakfield

LENGTH: 297  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Gillibrand, U.S Government has issued the following news
release:

U.S. Senators Charles E. Schumer and Kirsten Gillibrand today announced a
federal loan worth $479,000 and a federal grant worth $650,000 for the Town of
Oakfield. The funding is allocated through the USDA's Rural Development Water
and Waste Disposal Loan and Grant Program and will be used to establish water
district No. 3, increasing access to water service for local residents.

"Supporting New York's rural communities with smart investments for water
management is pivotal for communities like the Town of Oakfield and its local
economy. It improves water quality and spurs economic development," said Senator
Schumer. "This USDA Rural Development investment for Oakfield will improve local
access to clean water and in turn will help enhance quality of life in the
community and lead the way to further economic development in the region."

"This is an important investment for Oakfield," said Senator Gillibrand, New
York's first member of the Senate Agriculture Committee in nearly four decades.
"These federal resources to establish a new water district for the Town of
Oakfield will help improve water services for families and businesses. Investing
in this kind of critical infrastructure can help attract new businesses and
support new jobs to help strengthen our local economy. And when these
investments are made at the federal level, that helps hold the line on property
taxes."

"We are very excited," said Mike Cianfrini, Oakfield Town Supervisor. "The cost
of the installation lines will go on the water district affected, not the whole
town. This grant will decrease the cost for the residents in the district."

For further information please visit: http://www.gillibrand.senate.gov

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              83 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 12, 2016 Friday

Washington: Klobuchar, Franken, Peterson Announce More Than $1.5 Million to
Improve Water Systems in Oslo

LENGTH: 292  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Collin Peterson has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Senators Amy Klobuchar and Al Franken, along with Representative Collin
Peterson, today announced that the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) has
approved a loan of $1,137,000 and a grant of $436,000 to improve the water
system in Oslo. The funds will be used to help improve sanitary sewer collection
and the water distribution system.





 "Investments in infrastructure, like upgrades to our water systems, are vital
to the economic development and well-being of our state," Klobuchar said. "This
project will help keep Oslo's water system up-to-date and boost the region's
access to clean, safe water."



 "Water treatment systems keep our families healthy and are critical to any
successful community-- I've heard that time and time again during the 'Rural
Infrastructure Listening Tour' meetings that my staff and I have been holding
all around the state," Franken said. "This support will help Oslo upgrade its
clean water system, which is good news for the entire community, and it will be
a boon to the local economy. This type of project is exactly what we need to be
doing more of."



 "These funds will enable Oslo to make important improvements to the city's
infrastructure," Peterson said. "Clean, safe water is a vital resource for our
rural communities."



 The USDA Rural Development Water and Waste Disposal Loan and Grant Program
provides funding for clean and reliable drinking water systems, sanitary sewage
disposal, sanitary solid waste disposal, and storm water drainage to households
and businesses in eligible rural areas.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              84 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 26, 2016 Monday

Washington: SCHUMER, GILLIBRAND ANNOUNCE OVER $1.2 MILLION IN FEDERAL FUNDING
FOR WATER AND INFRASTRUCTURE UPGRADES IN THE SOUTHERN TIER

LENGTH: 524  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Charles E. Schumer has issued the following
news release:



 U.S. Senators Charles Schumer and Kirsten Gillibrand today announced a grant of
$1,230,000 for the Village of Montour Falls in Schuyler County and City of
Norwich in Chenango County.  The federal funding was allocated through the U.S.
Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural Development Water and Waste Disposal Loan
and Grant program. Specifically, the Village of Montour Falls will receive
$500,000 in federal funds along with a federal low-interest loan of $695,000 to
rehabilitate the Village's wastewater collection system. The loan is set for 38
years at 1.625 percent. The City of Norwich will receive $35,000 in federal
funds to cover additional work related to the removal of contaminated soil,
delaying the start of the tank construction.





 "This is a big win for the Southern Tier," said Senator Schumer. "We must
ensure that our communities have the resources they need to maintain their
infrastructure. This federal funding will allow Montour Falls and Norwich to
complete critical upgrades to their water systems and continue delivering safe,
consistent water service to their residents for generations to come."



 "These federal funds will allow Village of Montour Falls and City of Norwich to
upgrade their water infrastructure," said Senator Gillibrand, a member of the
Senate Environment and Public Works Committee. "This upgrade to the towns' water
system will help protect the health and quality of life for residents by
delivering clean water to more local families."



 "We are extremely pleased and grateful to receive this significant USDA award.
It will enable Montour Falls to make much needed improvements and upgrades to
the village's aging sanitary water collection system. We hope to begin the work
early in the spring of 2017," said Village of Montour Falls Mayor of John King.



 "It is with the help of the Federal government (USDA-RD) that the City of
Norwich was able to initiate and will soon complete this $2 Million Plus project
benefiting the residents of our City and local community," said Mayor Christine
A. Carnrike of Norwich.



 "The service we received from the USDA and the state director was
extraordinary. They guided and supported us and the authenticity that they
demonstrated in helping see this project through was evident from the beginning.
I and the community are extremely thankful for their assistance," said Webb Town
Supervisor Robert A. Moore. "The USDA's investment and support for
infrastructure is an investment in our future. The strong representation of New
York State by Senators Gillibrand and Schumer is helpful for receiving these
opportunities. I encourage other communities to reach out to them for help in
the future."



 USDA Rural Development's Water and Waste Disposal Program provides loans and
grants to ensure that the necessary investments are made in water and wastewater
infrastructure to deliver safe drinking water and protect the environment in
rural areas.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              85 of 159 DOCUMENTS


                        St. Joseph News-Press (Missouri)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           September 11, 2015 Friday

Commission to receive $22M to build water pipeline

BYLINE: Ray Scherer, St. Joseph News-Press, Mo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 497 words


Sept. 11--CAMERON, Mo. -- The Great Northwest Wholesale Water Commission
celebrated some welcome good news Thursday: $22 million from the federal
government to construct a desired water distribution network.

Staff with the state USDA Rural Development office arrived at Cameron City Hall
in the morning for the announcement. Director Janie Dunning said the award
consists of a $17.45 million water and waste disposal loan and a $5 million
grant to the commission.

The funds will be used to construct a 36-mile water transmission line along U.S.
Highway 36 and Missouri Highway 33 -- with associated storage and pumping
facilities -- from St. Joseph to Cameron, Maysville and Stewartsville. Missouri
American Water in St. Joseph will be the providing utility.

"You all have grown," Ms. Dunning told members of the 12-county commission,
which has steadily worked on plans for such a water line since the idea first
arose in 2003. "You were regional when regional wasn't cool. ... This
organization is phenomenal."

All three cities presently own and operate their own water systems --
reservoirs, wells and treatment plants included. Each would retain local
control.

But for the past decade, the communities have been fraught with drinking water
issues such as restricted usage, antiquated infrastructure, stricter regulations
and rising production costs. Droughts have impacted Cameron's reservoirs.

It's estimated the project will provide treated water to almost 12,000 residents
in the partner communities combined. Economic development also could gain, as
many industries depend on large quantities of water for their processes.

"The Great Northwest Wholesale Water Commission's effort to supply clean water
through a transmission line will directly improve the quality of life in the
region," Ms. Dunning said.

Commission chairman Derek Brown said securing the awards has been known for
about a month and that the funds certify the project as reality. There is
currently no time frame for building the line, although it's hoped the next year
to 1 1/2  years will involve bid preparations ranging from easement purchases to
engineering designs.

"The biggest thing is that it defined being regional," Mr. Brown said in
recounting the commission's history. "It was frustrating at times. Ultimately,
now, it seems like it was all worth it. One of the major hurdles was funding a
project of this size. ... There's so much left to do."

Well over $1 million already has been spent on feasibility studies involving
Missouri American, with the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers and Missouri Department
of Natural Resources as the primary lenders.

County governments and regional planning commissions -- such as the Northwest
Missouri Regional Council of Governments -- are keys to the pipeline's creation,
Ms. Dunning said.

___ (c)2015 the St. Joseph News-Press (St. Joseph, Mo.) Visit the St. Joseph
News-Press (St. Joseph, Mo.) at www.newspressnow.com/index.html Distributed by
Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150911-JM-Commission-to-receive-22M-to-build-water
-pipeline-0911-20150911

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JM


                      Copyright 2015 St. Joseph News-Press


                              86 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                        Progressive Media - Company News

                              June 24, 2013 Monday

USDA approves fund to upgrade wastewater treatment plant in Antwerp

SECTION: RICE; Municipal Wastewater Treatment

LENGTH: 311 words



HIGHLIGHT: The US Department of Agriculture (USDA), through its Rural
Development Water and Waste Disposal Loan and Grants programme, has approved a
fund to upgrade the wastewater treatment plant in the village of Antwerp in
Jefferson County, New York.


The US Department of Agriculture (USDA), through its Rural Development Water and
Waste Disposal Loan and Grant programme, has approved a fund to upgrade the
wastewater treatment plant in the village of Antwerp in Jefferson County, New
York.

Antwerp will receive a federal grant worth $360,000, along with $2.9m in state
funding to finance the upgrade of the existing wastewater treatment plant in the
village.

US senator Charles E Schumer said that the completion of the water-quality
projects in Antwerp will improve public health and create jobs in the region,
spurring economic development and enhancing the quality of life.

"Effectively supporting our rural communities with funding for clean water and
sewer treatment is pivotal for our community and our economy," he said.

US Senator Kirsten Gillibrand added: "Upgrading water infrastructure is an
effective way to attract new businesses and support new local jobs. And by
making these investments at the federal level, we can hold the line on property
taxes to help Antwerp families keep more of what they earn."

The federal and state funding is expected to reduce the financial burden on
taxpayers and ensure a smooth upgrade of the water infrastructure.

Antwerp village mayor Calvin Jones said: "The village would not have been able
to undertake the project alone, but thanks to the combined efforts of several
individuals from federal and state agencies we will be able to complete this
greatly needed project."

In October 2012, USDA approved loans and grants to 12 communities in the state
of Kansas to support various water projects.

The department in August 2012 approved funds for the improvement of three water
projects for La Union, Lake Roberts, and Brazito communities in the southern
part of New Mexico.

Image: The building of US Department of Agriculture in Washington DC. Photo:
courtesy of Billy Hathorn.

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2013 Progressive Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              87 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 2, 2015 Saturday

SCHUMER, GILLIBRAND ANNOUNCE OVER $800,000 IN FEDERAL FUNDING FOR CLINTON COUNTY

LENGTH: 312  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Charles E.Schumer, U.S Government has issued the following
news release:

U.S. Senators Charles E. Schumer and Kirsten Gillibrand today announced $632,000
in federal grant funding and a $222,000 federal loan for the Town of Saranac in
Clinton County to help finance improvements to Standish Water District. Funding
was allocated through the United States Department of Agriculture's (USDA) Water
and Waste Disposal Loan and Grant program.

"This federal funding is great news for Town of Saranac and Clinton County,"
said Senator Schumer. "Improving the water system is a wise infrastructure
investment that will create jobs in the short-term and enhance public health,
public safety and economic development in the long-term. This federal funding
will take a tremendous financial burden off of the county and taxpayers and help
ensure the long-term health and prosperity of this town and its residents."

"This is a critical investment in the Town of Saranac's water infrastructure,"
said Senator Gillibrand. "This federal funding will enable the Town of Saranac
to make necessary upgrades to the water system and it will help ensure local
taxpayers aren't left to foot the bill alone."

The Standish Water District currently supplies water to 54 users and funding
would allow the Town of Saranac to provide for required upgrades to the water
system storage and treatment plant, and to install an additional well.

USDA's Rural Development Water and Waste Disposal Loan and Grant program
provides state and local governments, non-profits and tribal governments funding
for clean and reliable drinking water systems, sanitary sewage disposal,
sanitary solid waste disposal, and storm water drainage to households and
businesses in rural areas.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              88 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 12, 2016 Friday

Washington: Klobuchar, Franken, Peterson Announce Nearly $1.2 Million to Improve
Water System in Lucan

LENGTH: 292  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Collin Peterson has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Senators Amy Klobuchar and Al Franken, along with Representative Collin
Peterson, today announced that the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) has
approved a loan of $947,000 and a grant of $250,000 to improve the water system
in Lucan. The funds will be used to help rehabilitate the existing lift station
and modify the wet well piping.





 "Ensuring that our rural communities have access to the funding they need for
water system reconstruction is critically important," Klobuchar said. "This
project will bring the environmental benefits of increased water quality and
long-term wastewater treatment solutions to Lucan."



 "Water treatment systems keep our families healthy and are critical to any
successful community-- I've heard that time and time again during the 'Rural
Infrastructure Listening Tour' meetings that my staff and I have been holding
all around the state," Franken said. "This support will help Lucan upgrade its
clean water system, which is good news for the entire community, and it will be
a boon to the local economy. This type of project is exactly what we need to be
doing more of."



 "Clean and reliable water is a necessity," Peterson said. "This funding will
provide Lucan with the necessary resources to meet the community's water needs."




 The USDA Rural Development Water and Waste Disposal Loan and Grant Program
provides funding for clean and reliable drinking water systems, sanitary sewage
disposal, sanitary solid waste disposal, and storm water drainage to households
and businesses in eligible rural areas.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              89 of 159 DOCUMENTS


                   The Record-Eagle (Traverse City, Michigan)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             March 17, 2017 Friday

Proposed federal budget cuts hit home in GT region

BYLINE: The Record-Eagle, Traverse City, Mich.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1908 words


March 17--TRAVERSE CITY -- Hayes Tomlinson peered out his window as a Meals on
Wheels driver arrived with a hot supper.

The driver, Dave Hagen, walked up to Tomlinson's Veterans Drive home and
delivered a black container with the meal inside. It's a daily visit Tomlinson,
a 92-year-old World War II veteran, and thousands of other seniors in the Grand
Traverse region rely upon.

But President Donald Trump's proposed 2018 budget could put those deliveries in
jeopardy.

A 62-page summary titled "America First: A Budget Blueprint to Make America
Great Again" generated waves of uncertainty, and a few encouraging glimmers, for
local residents and officials after its release early Thursday.

Cuts could leave residents in the cold

A glance through the brief budget proposal made Lisa Robitshek uneasy.

Robitshek is manager of senior nutrition for Northwest Michigan Community Action
Agency, which administers the Meals on Wheels program. She said the program is
funded in part -- $105,000 annually -- from the federal Community Services Block
Grant, which would be cut under the proposal.

The grant funds about 7 percent of the program's $1.5 million budget -- a
program that served 228,000 meals to 2,600 seniors in Grand Traverse, Leelanau,
Manistee, Wexford and Missaukee counties last year.

"I've never been so concerned," she said. "This is hugely significant and it's
not just to Meals on Wheels, but domestic programs across the board."

The budget proposal calls for about a $15.1 billion cut to the U.S. Department
of Health and Human Services. Two programs focused on impoverished citizens --
Low Income Home Energy Assistance Program and CSBG -- would be eliminated
completely.

Kris Brady, NMCAA community services director, said the agency used LIHEAP funds
to buy propane, wood or fuel oil for more than 1,000 households last year.

"If those programs were just eliminated we wouldn't be able to help keep those
homes warm," she said.

Brady said CSBG funds form the financial backbone -- about $639,000 last year --
for several community programs, including Meals on Wheels, weatherization and
home repair programs.

"It really just helps pay for the programs that don't pay for themselves," she
said.

The budget document calls the CSBG a "limited-impact program" that offers
similar emergency food assistance and employment services to other federal
programs.

Surprise surplus for substance abuse programs

But not every area in the proposed budget would lose federal support.

Karen Goodman was surprised to see an extra $500 million allotted for substance
abuse programs in Trump's plan.

"Anything that is offered is always a gift," said Goodman, manager of the Pine
Rest Traverse City Clinic. "In all honesty I've learned not to expect anything.
I was hoping it wouldn't be cut."

Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration programs will remain
intact with the DHHS budget, despite sweeping cuts elsewhere. The budget would
increase spending on substance abuse services to prevent and treat the growing
opioid epidemic.

The funding would come at a good time for Pine Rest, which began expanding its
substance abuse treatment program only a few months ago to reach rural areas
through telemedicine.

"We applied for a SAMHSA federal grant to support the program because resources
are really scarce here," she said.

But it's unclear how the $500 million boost would be spent, and Goodman is
skeptical of whether it's enough to make a dent in the nationwide opioid
epidemic.

"I don't think it will have much of an impact," she said.

Other Grand Traverse region health officials read the budget summary with a
renewed sense of uncertainty.

Its back-to-back release with the Republican-drafted American Health Care Act --
intended to replace the Affordable Care Act -- raised questions about federal
funding for local programs.

"We're extremely dependent on federal dollars," said Mike Swain, public
information officer for the Health Department of Northwest Michigan, which
covers Antrim County. "Often times, the funding we get from the state is from
federal dollars."

Swain said officials need to determine whether the cuts will affect local
programs. He said they're already concerned with a potential $20 million loss to
Michigan under the AHCA, which could put local diabetes, heart disease and
prevention programs under the knife.

Budget could drain Great Lakes funding

Local advocates aiming to keep Grand Traverse Bay clean could see millions in
federal funding washed from their coffers.

The proposal includes a series of Environmental Protection Agency cuts,
including eliminating Great Lakes Restoration Initiative funding. The Watershed
Center Grand Traverse Bay received $4.5 million through the program during the
past six years, said Executive Director Christine Crissman.

The funding allowed the nonprofit to complete a considerable amount of work,
especially projects to prevent stormwater runoff from entering Grand Traverse
Bay.

"If the funding is cut, we definitely wouldn't be able to do projects like
this," she said.

Crissman considers stormwater runoff the top threat to Grand Traverse Bay.
Funding from the GLRI paid for projects to combat the threat, including
installing of infiltration trenches in Suttons Bay to filter stormwater through
the ground before it hits the lake.

Watershed Center projects could lose federal support through the draft's $250
million cut to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, including
the Sea Grant program.

Michigan Sea Grant Northwest District Extension educator Mark Breederland said
the program, which has been in Traverse City since 1973, plays an important role
in Great Lakes science, research and education. Program officials focus on
varying issues, from water levels to Asian carp and other invasive species.

Breederland said similar Sea Grant cuts came about in the 1980s before members
of Congress restored the budget.

"We are cautiously optimistic we will make it through this," he said.

Farmers watch USDA cuts

Vague calls for funding reductions of agriculture programs drew questions from
Nikki Rothwell, coordinator of the Northwest Michigan Horticulture Research
Center in Leelanau County.

Trump's spending plan would reduce staffing at USDA centers to "streamline
county office operations."

"That's where our growers go if they're going to work with the USDA on any of
the different programs they offer," Rothwell said.

Online information is available, but difficult to access for farmers with little
computer savvy or living in rural areas without high-speed internet.

Some USDA programs could probably be tightened, Marty Jelinek said.

Jelinek was reluctant to guess how the proposed budget might impact his Gill's
Pier orchard. His concerns are more direct -- he wants strengthened federal
efforts to study pesticides.

"We're losing some really good tools that help us combat certain insects," he
said. "We all want a safe environment, we all want safe food, but some of these
things are making it difficult with some of the new pests that we have to deal
with."

The budget calls for eliminating the Water and Waste Disposal loan program,
which provides funding for rural drinking water, sewage disposal and stormwater
systems, and the McGovern-Dole International Food for Education program. It
recommends reducing funding for USDA statistical program, but not eliminating
the Census of Agriculture, and continuing support for research.

Schools face $9 billion cut

Federal funding plays a small role at local school districts. Traverse City Area
Public Schools collected $1.6 million from the federal government this year --
about 1.8 percent of the district's income. But Trump's budget plan still
concerns some local educators.

The proposal slices $9 billion from the Department of Education's discretionary
funding, boosts school choice investments by $1.4 billion and funnels millions
more into charter and private schools.

"We all know that's the direction Trump was headed in," said Karen Sherwood,
superintendent at Kalkaska Public Schools. "My only concern, when you look at
charter schools, they don't always seem to be performing as well as traditional
schools do."

Another $3.6 billion could be cleaved from the federal education budget,
including funding for a program that supports summer, before- and after-school
initiatives.

The budget proposal noted the programs are "poorly targeted and spread thinly
across thousands of districts with scant evidence of impact" and lacking
evidence to support student achievement. Sherwood said SEEDS programming at
Rapid City Elementary uses that cash and could soon be on the chopping block.

"I just think we need programs to connect kids to make things available for them
after school," Sherwood said. "We don't live in a big urban area; there are not
a lot of things to do after school."

TCAPS Superintendent Paul Soma said Michigan has moved toward expanded school
choice for decades. The state has "gone nothing but backwards as it relates to
student success" since, he said. But increased focus from the federal government
won't necessarily hurt northwest Michigan.

"I don't see it as detrimental in our region," Soma said. "We've lived with
choice for a long time ... I would be more concerned on a statewide level for
other areas where that's not necessarily a good solution for them."

The budget keeps about $13 billion for programs to support students with special
education needs, eliminates the Federal Supplemental Educational Opportunity
grant program, "safeguards" Pell Grants and reduces work study programs, among
other shifts.

Housing funds take hit

A proposed $3 billion cut would eliminate Community Development Block Grants,
which fund economic development and infrastructure improvement projects.

Those projects include one $213,340 Michigan Economic Development Corporation
grant to improve four historic buildings in Elk Rapids.

There's high demand for such grants, said MEDC Community Development Block Grant
Program Director Christine Whitz.

MEDC spokeswoman Kathy Achtenberg said it's too early to say what the proposed
budget could mean for her agency's bottom line.

"Without these grants, many of the communities would not have had the ability to
improve their infrastructure or improve blighted areas to help develop a sense
of place as these grants are intended to do," she said.

The budget outline mentions providing more than $35 billion for rental
assistance programs, plus cost reduction reforms for them.

Traverse City Housing Commission Director Tony Lentych said he is watching for
cuts to the Housing Choice Voucher Program because of the proposal's 13.2
percent cut for Housing and Urban Development.

The vouchers help low-income, elderly and disabled renters pay their rent.
Lentych said there are typically 208 vouchers available for the five-county area
surrounding Traverse City.

Local support could be key

The sweeping cuts and changes all depend on congressional approval, adding more
uncertainty to an already shaky outlook for some programs.

Robitshek said she and other Meals on Wheels officials will make things work if
the cuts are approved, although she said it won't be easy.

"We would really have to reach out to the community for local support and make
some very, very tough decisions I don't want to make," she said.

Recommended for you

___ (c)2017 The Record-Eagle (Traverse City, Mich.) Visit The Record-Eagle
(Traverse City, Mich.) at record-eagle.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20170317-ZK-Proposed-federal-budget-cuts-hit-home-in-GT-region-0317-20170317

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZK


                        Copyright 2017 The Record-Eagle


                              90 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 20, 2015 Wednesday

Mikulski, Cardin Announce Federal Grants for Water Infrastructure Projects in
Worcester and Dorchester Counties

LENGTH: 431  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Barbara A. Mikulski, U.S Government has issued the
following news release:

U.S. Senators Barbara A. Mikulski and Ben Cardin (both D-Md.) today announced
that the U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural Development (USDARD) has awarded a
total of $4.334 million in grants and loans to Worcester and Dorchester Counties
for water and waste disposal projects and pre-development planning purposes.

"Maryland cities and towns need to upgrade their water and sewer infrastructure
but they can't do it on their own," Senator Mikulski said. "These funds in the
federal checkbook will allow our rural communities in Worcester and Dorchester
counties to update critical infrastructure. By investing our water
infrastructure, we are investing in the health and safety of Maryland families
and businesses."

"Investing in our water infrastructure is the right thing to do. For each public
dollar we put into water infrastructure, we see an increase in private long-term
GDP output by more than $6," said Senator Cardin author of S. 741, The Water
Infrastructure Resiliency and Sustainability Act. "Having modern and reliable
water infrastructure protects public health, conserves natural resources and
saves energy. The people of Worcester and Dorchester Counties deserve the public
health benefits and economic growth that come with having up to date waste water
systems. "

Worcester County Commissioners received a $750,000 grant and a $2.45 million
loan to provide funding for the construction of a pipeline at the Eagles Landing
Golf Course, located south of the Mystic Harbor Wastewater Treatment Plant, and
a reconstruction of the golf course irrigation system.

Pocomoke City received a $24,000 Pre-Development Planning Grant (PPG) that will
fund the preliminary engineering and environmental reports necessary to begin
rehabilitating the Primary Pump Station, which dates back to 1968.

In Dorchester County, the Town of Hurlock was awarded a $1.11 million water and
waste disposal loan. The loan will be used to replace the water mains on Main
Street and Academy Street from Delaware Avenue to Mapleton Street, alleviating a
health and sanitary issue.

The USDA Rural Development grant program was created to improve the economy and
quality of life in rural America. The program helps support essential services
and infrastructure improvements, and promotes economic development by supporting
loans to businesses through banks and community-managed lending pools.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              91 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 24, 2015 Tuesday

SCHUMER, GILLIBRAND ANNOUCE NEARLY $700,000 IN FEDERAL FUNDS FOR NEW WATER
INFRASTRUCTURE IN ORLEANS COUNTY

LENGTH: 319  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Charles E. Schumer, U.S Government has issued the
following news release:

U.S. Senators Charles E. Schumer and Kirsten Gillibrand today announced $692,000
in funding for the Town of Barre in Orleans County to make new investments in
local water infrastructure. The Town of Barre will receive a $384,000 loan,
along with a grant of $308,000 to construct a new water main, valves and
hydrants that will extend clean water access to residents on Eagle Harbor, Route
31A and Long Bridge roads who currently have contaminated private wells. The
funding was allocated through the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Water
and Waste Disposal Loan and Grant program.

"With this funding and low-interest loan, the Town of Barre in Orleans County
will now be able to make crucial improvements to its water district without
passing the entire financial burden onto local taxpayers," said Senator Schumer.
"This water main expansion is a wise investment in infrastructure that will
enhance access to clean drinking water, which is vital to the town and its
residents' long-term health and prosperity."

"This is a major investment for Barre residents, and those who are looking to
move or open new businesses in town," Senator Gillibrand said. "Access to safe,
clean, and sustainable water is imperative and I am pleased this federal funding
will be going to provide residents with access to that basic necessity.
Continuous improvements like this one protect the health of our families and
help spur growth and longevity in our communities."

USDA Rural Development's Water and Waste Disposal Program provides loans and
grants to ensure that the necessary investments are made in water and wastewater
infrastructure to deliver safe drinking water and protect the environment in
rural areas.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              92 of 159 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            April 28, 2010 Wednesday
                         Coastal Edition; Final Edition

Milo Water District nabs $875,000 in aid

BYLINE: FROM STAFF REPORTS

SECTION: Pg. B3

LENGTH: 186 words

DATELINE: MILO


The Milo Water District learned Tuesday it has received a $225,000 loan and a
$650,000 grant for wastewater collection system upgrades on Park Street.

"We're very glad it's going to improve the infrastructure in the community,"
Milo Town Manager Jeff Gahagan said. "The entire town is going to benefit."

He praised the water district for pulling together a good financing package that
will provide a maximum benefit for a minimal cost.

The investments will be used to provide essential wastewater collection system
upgrades on Park Street.

In addition, the project will extend the line to the town's industrial park,
which will help create about 22 jobs, according to the water district's
application.

The funds are being administered by the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Rural
Development's Water and Waste Disposal Loan and Grant Program, which provides
funding to ensure that investments are made in water and wastewater
infrastructure to deliver safe drinking water and protect the environment in
rural areas.

Funding of individual recipients is contingent on their meeting the terms of the
loan or grant agreement.

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Bangor Daily News


                              93 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 18, 2017 Saturday

Washington: Ellendale Receives Federal Infrastructure Loan that President's
Budget would Eliminate

LENGTH: 302  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Heidi Heitkamp has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Senator Heidi Heitkamp announced a $1,132,000 federal loan for Ellendale
to support the city's water system infrastructure through the construction of a
new water tower that will replace the current 100 year old water tower.





 These federal funds are made possible by the U.S. Department of Agriculture
Rural Development's Water and Waste Disposal Loans and Grants program, a program
which would be eliminated under President Trump's budget that he released today.
The program would be eliminated as part of the 21 percent cut to the U.S.
Department of Agriculture. Just in the past two fiscal years, North Dakota
communities received more than $37 million from this program for needed water
and wastewater infrastructure projects.



 The funds for Ellendale are specifically authorized under the 2014 Farm Bill
that Heitkamp, who was Ranking Member of the U.S. Senate Agriculture
Subcommittee on Rural Development and Energy, fought to write, negotiate, and
pass to give our state's rural and agricultural communities the security they
need.



 "The federal loan announced today through a critical federal program will help
support the construction of a new water tower for Ellendale that will not only
support the delivery of clean, safe, and reliable water to Ellendale families,
but will also support jobs during the construction of the new water tower," said
Heitkamp. "But if the president's budget went into effect, loans like this one,
as well as federal grants to help rural communities get clean water and build
sewer infrastructure, would disappear. Ripping the rug out from under rural
communities isn't right or fair, as we need these federal programs to invest in
rural America and help North Dakota towns grow."

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              94 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 15, 2013 Thursday

Schumer, Gillibrand Announce Nearly $2.5 Million for Waste Water Treatment Plant
in Caneadea

LENGTH: 303  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Gillibrand, U.S Government has issued the following news
release:

U.S. Senators Charles E. Schumer and Kirsten Gillibrand today announced a
federal loan worth $1,353,000 and a federal grant worth $1,117,000 for the Town
of Caneadea. The funding is allocated through the USDA's Rural Development Water
and Waste Disposal Loan and Grant Program and will be used to make upgrades to
the Wastewater Treatment Plant.

"Efficiently supporting our rural communities with funding for clean water and
sewer repairs is pivotal for our community and our economy," said Senator
Schumer. "Completing water treatment projects in Caneadea will boost public
health and bring infrastructure jobs to the region, which will spur local
economic development."

"This is an important investment for Caneadea," said Senator Gillibrand, New
York's first member of the Senate Agriculture Committee in nearly four decades.
"These federal resources to upgrade Caneadea's water treatment plant will help
improve water services for families and businesses. Investing in this kind of
critical infrastructure can help attract new businesses and support new jobs to
help strengthen our local economy. And when these investments are made at the
federal level, that helps hold the line on property taxes."

"The Town of Caneadea is extremely grateful to have received the additional
grant and loan from USDA for the upgrading of our waste water treatment plant,"
said Caneadea Supervisor Philip G. Stocklin. "With such a small population base,
projects of this magnitude are next to impossible without support from agencies
such as USDA.  On behalf of our residents, I express our collective appreciation
to all those who had a part in the funding of this project."

For further information please visit: http://www.gillibrand.senate.gov

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              95 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            June 12, 2013 Wednesday

Schumer, Gillibrand Announce Village of Deferiet to Receive Over $620k in
Federal Funding for Water Management

LENGTH: 343 words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Gillibrand, U.S Government has issued the following news
release:

Today, U.S. Senators Charles E. Schumer and Kirsten E. Gillibrand announced that
the Village of Deferiet has received a Water and Waste Disposal Grant for
$622,000 from the U.S. Department of Agriculture - Rural Development's Water and
Waste Disposal Loan and Grant Program. The funding will be used to provide a new
transmission line between the Villages of Deferiet and nearby Herrings, and will
make distribution system improvements in both villages, including the addition
of several new fire hydrants, new well pumps and a new 225 gallon elevated
storage tank.

"Supporting New York's rural communities with smart investments for water
management is pivotal for communities like the Village of Deferiet and its local
economy. It improves water management, safeguards public health and spurs
economic development," said Senator Schumer. "This USDA Rural Development
investment for Deferiet's local water storage and hydrant systems will in turn
help enhance quality of life in the community and lead the way for further
economic development in the region."

"Investing in water infrastructure like this is one of the smartest and most
effective ways to lead us to new economic growth," Senator Gillibrand said.
"Upgrading water infrastructure can help local families live healthier, while
helping to attract new businesses and support jobs to strengthen the local
economy. And when these investments are made at the federal level like this,
that helps hold the line on property taxes."

The USDA Rural Development funding for the Village of Deferiet in Jefferson
County is comprised of a $622,000 grant. The USDA Rural Development's mission is
to increase economic opportunity and improve the quality of life for rural
residents. USDA Rural Development fosters growth in homeownership, finances
business development, and supports the creation of necessary community and
technology infrastructure.

For further information please visit: http://www.gillibrand.senate.gov

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              96 of 159 DOCUMENTS


                        Greenville Herald-Banner (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 5, 2008 Saturday

Caddo Mills receives $1.5 million grant for sewer system upgrade

BYLINE: Greenville Herald-Banner, Greenville, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 354 words


Apr. 5--CADDO MILLS -- The City of Caddo Mills got a big boost Friday towards
modernizing the community's sewer processing ability.

Caddo Mills city leaders were notified they will receive a $1,528,000 grant from
the USDA Rural Development's Community Program Water and Waste Disposal Loan and
Grant Programs.

According to a statement from Sue Stoneham, USDA Rural Development Manager in
McKinney, the funding will be used to convert the city's existing wastewater
treatment plant into a wet weather holding area and connect it to a proposed new
Wastewater Treatment Plant. Two new relief sewers in downtown Caddo Mills will
also replace two severely deteriorated and partially collapsed sewers.

"USDA Rural Development Water and Waste Disposal Programs target public health
benefits and economic opportunities in America's rural communities," said
Scooter Brockette, the USDA acting state director. "Projects such as this one in
the City of Caddo Mills will help make the environment cleaner and protect the
public health for local residents."

According to USDA statistics, in fiscal year 2007, $133.9 million of loan and
grant assistance was distributed throughout rural Texas to serve 279,702
households.

The USDA Rural Development Water and Waste Disposal Program is designed to bring
fresh, clean drinking water and sanitary, environmentally sound sewage
facilities to rural America's 53 million residents. Loans and grants are
available to rural communities with fewer than 10,000 residents. Public bodies,
corporations operating on a non-profit basis, and Indian tribes, that are unable
to obtain credit from other sources at reasonable rates and terms, are eligible
for assistance.

To see more of Greenville Herald-Banner, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.heraldbanner.com/. Copyright (c) 2008, Greenville Herald-Banner,
Greenville, Texas Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080405-GC-Caddo-Mills-receives-1.5-million-grant
-for-sewer-system-upgrade-0405

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GC


                                 Copyright 2008


                              97 of 159 DOCUMENTS


                        St. Joseph News-Press (Missouri)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            August 13, 2016 Saturday

Water commission continues property, funding talks

BYLINE: Ray Scherer, St. Joseph News-Press, Mo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 516 words


Aug. 13--CAMERON, Mo. -- The Great Northwest Wholesale Water Commission remains
steeped in deliberations on funding the new pipeline and obtaining land needed
for construction.

The panel met Thursday afternoon at Cameron City Hall, tackling an agenda that
included efforts on where best to locate a 300,000-gallon water tower for the
planned 36-mile transmission line, which will run along U.S. Highway 36 and
Missouri Highway 33 to a point off Riverside Road, where Missouri American Water
will place a 500,000-gallon ground storage tank.

Missouri American Water will serve as the provider for the pipeline. The utility
recently signed an agreement to offer up to 3,350,000 gallons of water daily on
a long-term basis, said Jody Carlson, senior manager, field services and
production, for Missouri American's Northwest Operation.

"Initially they will need much less, maybe even less than 500,000 gallons per
day," Carlson said. "However, they project demand to be higher as time
proceeds."

Cities to be served include Stewartsville, Maysville and Cameron -- all of which
have been plagued by past water shortages spurred on by drought.

Efforts are ongoing to secure property rights for the line, with at least some
of those financial negotiations at a standstill. Commissioners learned that
Bartlett & West Engineers have completed about 75 percent of an alignment survey
for the network.

The commission has so far confined the progress of the real estate matters for
the tower and line as part of closed sessions allowed by Missouri's Open
Meetings Law.

The meeting also covered the potential for the commission to obtain additional
government funding to help underwrite the construction. The Missouri Department
of Natural Resources has a multipurpose revolving loan program that could aid
the project, and members mulled the idea of submitting an application for 2017
-- and what form that would take.

"I think it needs to be a wants list," said Zac Johnson, Cameron's utilities
director and the commission's chairman. "I'd get a letter sent out."

Jackie Spainhower, executive director of the Northwest Missouri Regional Council
of Governments, offered further ideas for the best approach.

"I think the commission should write a letter," she said. "I think they (DNR)
just want numbers."

In September 2015, the commission learned it would receive $22 million through
the state's U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural Development office. That award
consisted of a $17.45 million water and waste disposal loan and a $5 million
grant.

"We are starting to utilize (the) USDA Rural Development funds," Johnson said
before the meeting.

Bid letting for the project could occur later in the year. There is no timeline
for completing the network.

The idea for the water distribution system first took root in 2003, for coverage
over a 12-county region. Northwest Missouri Regional Council of Governments is
administering the commission.

___ (c)2016 the St. Joseph News-Press (St. Joseph, Mo.) Visit the St. Joseph
News-Press (St. Joseph, Mo.) at www.newspressnow.com/index.html Distributed by
Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160813-JM-Water
-commission-continues-property-funding-talks-0813-20160813

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JM


                      Copyright 2016 St. Joseph News-Press


                              98 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 21, 2015 Saturday

Hoeven: USDA to Finance Rural Water Expansion Projects

LENGTH: 212  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator John Hoeven, U.S Government has issued the following news
release:

Senator John Hoeven, who serves on the U.S. Senate Appropriations and
Agriculture Committees, today announced that the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) has awarded a loan of $2,311,769 to provide financing for rural water
expansion to the Granville, Deering and Surrey areas through its Water and Waste
Disposal Loan Program.

"This loan will improve rural water systems and upgrade water infrastructure in
rural North Dakota, which will provide long-term economic benefits," Hoeven
said. "Our state is enjoying a thriving economy, and it's important to ensure
that our rural areas receive the support they need to continue to succeed and
grow."

As a member of the conference committee that crafted the final version of the
2014 farm bill, Hoeven worked to reauthorize water and infrastructure programs
to help rural communities ensure safe and reliable water systems. The senator
pushed through the Appropriations Committee for funding the USDA's Water and
Waste Disposal Loan and Grant Program in the 2014 budget, which includes the
Water and Environmental Program.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              99 of 159 DOCUMENTS


                  The State Journal-Register (Springfield, IL)

                              June 29, 2008 Sunday

NEWS IN BRIEF

SECTION: CITY/STATE; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 520 words

DATELINE: CHATHAM


Two trustees may resign from board

The three-member Chatham Fire Protection District board of trustees could have
just one member after Monday.

Steve Sullivan and Don Butler have said they are resigning, according to Craig
Hall, a member of the Sangamon County Board. County commissioners appoint
members of fire district boards.

Sullivan cited medical concerns. Butler said his reasons include the decision by
the county board to not reappoint trustee Mike Branham.

"No reasons were given," Butler said of Branham not being reappointed.

Branham and his successor, Jerry Hughes, both have longtime ties to the Chatham
Fire Department, having served as members and in officer positions.

Hall said he asked Sullivan and Butler to consider remaining on the board until
replacements are found, but added, "I don't think they will."

As of late Friday afternoon, Sullivan had submitted a formal letter of
resignation, but Butler had not, according to Fire Chief Phil Schumer.

Hall said he spent Friday trying to recruit people knowledgeable about fire
protection to apply for the two openings. He said anyone interested should call
him at 435-7431 or 414-2602.

Springfield

Utility program to take summer appointments

Sangamon County Community Resources will be taking appointments for this
summer's Low Income Heating Assistance Program - with the focus on paying for
electrical service to keep cool - beginning Monday, July 7.

Appointments continue through July 18, or whenever the funds are exhausted.
LIHEAP-eligible applicants must make appointments by calling 535-3120.

Summer cooling is targeted at at-risk households, defined as seniors, persons
with disabilities, households with children younger than 3 as of the date of
application and those with medical conditions that would be aggravated by
extreme heat. The program's benefits are direct vendor payments to electricity
providers of $150.

LIHEAP is a state and federally funded energy assistance program for households
with incomes of up to 150 percent of the federal poverty level. A single-person
household can qualify with a monthly income of up to $1,282, a two-person
household up to $1,726 and a family of four can earn up to $2,614. Benefits will
be paid directly to the household's electric utility. There will be no cash
payments for renters who do not have utility accounts.

Exeter

Water co-operative receives loan, grant

The U.S. Department of Agriculture's Rural Development division has awarded a
loan of $1,399,000 and a grant of $856,800 to the Exeter-Merritt Water
Cooperative under the Water and Waste Disposal Loan and Grant Program, U.S. Sen.
Dick Durbin's office has announced.

The project involves the construction of a drinking-water system to serve
roughly 141 additional homes in northern Scott County and western Morgan County.
About 32 miles of water lines will be constructed. Also, an interconnect will be
installed with the village of South Jacksonville for a second source of water.

The project is needed to provide safe, dependably potable water in this region.
The loan and grant will fund phase three of the construction project.

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Craig Hall is looking for replacements in the event that two trustees
officially resign.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: LOCAL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 The State Journal-Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              100 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 10, 2015 Tuesday

SCHUMER, GILLIBRAND ANNOUNCE MORE THAN $800,000 IN FEDERAL FUNDING FOR WATER AND
INFRASTRUCTURE UPGRADES IN THE TOWN OF RICHMOND

LENGTH: 305  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Charles E. Schumer, U.S Government has issued the
following news release:

U.S. Senators Charles Schumer and Kirsten Gillibrand today announced a grant of
$368,000 and a loan of $455,000 for the Town of Richmond in Ontario County. The
federal funding was allocated through the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA)
Rural Development Water and Waste Disposal Loan and Grant program and will be
used to install a new water main, valves, fire hydrants and other items needed
to support the construction of a clean water supply and fire-protection system.

"This federal funding is great news for Ontario County and the Town of
Richmond," said Senator Schumer. "Expanding the water system is a wise
infrastructure investment that will enhance public health, public safety and
economic development. This federal funding will take a tremendous financial
burden off of the county and the Town of Richmond to begin construction right
away on a project that is vital to its long-term health and prosperity."

"This is an important investment for the Town of Richmond," Senator
Gillibrandsaid. "This upgrade to the town's critical water infrastructure will
help protect the health and quality of life of residents by delivering clean
water to more local families. It will also help keep families and businesses
safe with the installation of new fire hydrants."

"The funding will be used to put a water extension on Ashley and White road in
the Town of Richmond," said Ralph Angelo, Town of Richmond Supervisor.  "Without
the Rural Development funding we in the Town of Richmond could not do these
sorts water projects in our community, and are greatly appreciative to USDA for
awarding us this opportunity."

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              101 of 159 DOCUMENTS


                       Silver City Sun-News (New Mexico)

                            December 17, 2010 Friday

Hurley mayor shows off new wastewater system

BYLINE: By Christine Steele csteele@scsun-news.com

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 503 words


SILVER CITY - Hurley Mayor Edward Encinas led a tour of the newly completed
multimillion dollar Hurley wastewater system earlier this week, and briefed USDA
Rural Development State Director Terry Brunner on how the new system will
provide better service and eliminate possible contamination of the community's
groundwater supply.

In December 2009, the town of Hurley and the North Hurley Mutual Domestic Water
Consumers Association each receive a loan/grant funding package to upgrade their
wastewater and water systems. Brunner paid a visit to the town back then and
presented the town with a $2.2 million ceremonial check to celebrate the
obligation of the funds.

Work on the project began in November 2009.

Encinas hosted Brunner, along with Sandra Alarcon of Rural Utilities Service;
Melanie Goodman of U.S. Sen. Jeff Bingaman's office; Marco Grajeda of U.S. Sen.
Tom Udall's Office; Gary Berg of Engineers Inc., who worked on the project; and
Bernie Marin, Hurley's maintenance supervisor, on the tour of the completed
project.

The completion of the wastewater distribution system now connects the town of
Hurley with the regional wastewater treatment facility in Bayard. The regional
concept was created to help the small communities in this area save money by
using one treatment system.

"Wastewater treatment may not be on everyone's mind when they turn on their
water," Brunner said, "but people don't realize that proper wastewater treatment
is essential to protecting water sources from contamination. I am pleased to see
the leadership in Hurley take the necessary steps to provide needed services to
their community."

The loan/grant funding for the project is administered by USDA Rural
Development's Community Program, a direct loan/grant program by the federal
government that is dedicated to develop water and waste disposal (including
solid waste disposal and storm drainage) systems in rural areas and towns with a
population of less than 10,000 residents. The program also guarantees water and
waste disposal loans made by banks and other eligible lenders.

During the meeting, Brunner asked of the other needs of the town and advised the
town to send five top priorities.

"I advised the town's first priority was the town.

"Mr. Brunner was advised that as of now, with the help of Bingaman and Udall's
offices, all information has been sent to D.C. and the delegation approved the
information given and advised that within 30 days we should receive information
on funding sources."

Christine Steele can be reached at (575) 538-5893 ext. 5802.

Learn more

USDA Rural Development's mission is to increase economic opportunity and improve
the quality of life for rural residents.

Rural Development fosters growth in home ownership, finances business
development, and supports the creation of critical community and technology
infrastructure.

Further information on rural programs is available at any local USDA Rural
Development office or by visiting USDA Rural Development's web site at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Earlier this week, Hurley Mayor Edward Encinas hosted USDA Rural
Development State Director Terry Brunner and led him and others on a tour of the
newly completed multimillion dollar Hurley wastewater system, including the lift
station, seen here. In December 2009 the town received $2.2 million in funding
from the USDA Rural Development Community Program to complete the project.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2010 Silver City Sun-News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              102 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 14, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: Capito, Manchin Announce USDA Water Infrastructure Investments in
West Virginia

LENGTH: 286  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Shelley Moore Capito has issued the following
news release:



 Today, U.S. Senators Shelley Moore Capito (R-W.Va.) and Joe Manchin (D-W.Va.)
announced that the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) is making investments
to improve water and waste infrastructure in Braxton, Fayette, Marion and
Nicholas counties. Through the USDA Rural Development's Water and Waste Disposal
Loan and Grant Program, this funding will provide assistance and financing to
develop drinking water and waste disposal systems for communities with 10,000 or
fewer residents.





 "Maintaining and improving access to our water and wastewater infrastructure is
critical for communities throughout the state, including rural towns like
Sutton, Monongah, Nettie and Pax," said Senator Capito, a member of the
Appropriations Committee. "This USDA funding is welcome news for these areas as
they work to improve water infrastructure systems and strengthen local economies
and the reason why I advocated for an increase in this program in this year's
Agriculture Appropriations bill."



 "Investing in water infrastructure projects in rural communities not only
improves the quality of life for our local residents, but preserves countless
good-paying jobs, boosts economic development and improves the prosperity of our
families, businesses and communities," Senator Manchin said. "I am pleased these
projects will receive the funding needed to improve the water systems in
Braxton, Fayette, Marion and Nicholas counties and will expand water services to
underserved communities that truly need it."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              103 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 14, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: Capito, Manchin Announce USDA Water Infrastructure Investments in
West Virginia

LENGTH: 286  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Shelley Moore Capito has issued the following
news release:



 Today, U.S. Senators Shelley Moore Capito (R-W.Va.) and Joe Manchin (D-W.Va.)
announced that the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) is making investments
to improve water and waste infrastructure in Braxton, Fayette, Marion and
Nicholas counties. Through the USDA Rural Development's Water and Waste Disposal
Loan and Grant Program, this funding will provide assistance and financing to
develop drinking water and waste disposal systems for communities with 10,000 or
fewer residents.





 "Maintaining and improving access to our water and wastewater infrastructure is
critical for communities throughout the state, including rural towns like
Sutton, Monongah, Nettie and Pax," said Senator Capito, a member of the
Appropriations Committee. "This USDA funding is welcome news for these areas as
they work to improve water infrastructure systems and strengthen local economies
and the reason why I advocated for an increase in this program in this year's
Agriculture Appropriations bill."



 "Investing in water infrastructure projects in rural communities not only
improves the quality of life for our local residents, but preserves countless
good-paying jobs, boosts economic development and improves the prosperity of our
families, businesses and communities," Senator Manchin said. "I am pleased these
projects will receive the funding needed to improve the water systems in
Braxton, Fayette, Marion and Nicholas counties and will expand water services to
underserved communities that truly need it."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              104 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 21, 2015 Saturday

Hoeven: USDA to Finance Rural Water Expansion Projects

LENGTH: 212  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator John Hoeven, U.S Government has issued the following news
release:

Senator John Hoeven, who serves on the U.S. Senate Appropriations and
Agriculture Committees, today announced that the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) has awarded a loan of $2,311,769 to provide financing for rural water
expansion to the Granville, Deering and Surrey areas through its Water and Waste
Disposal Loan Program.

"This loan will improve rural water systems and upgrade water infrastructure in
rural North Dakota, which will provide long-term economic benefits," Hoeven
said. "Our state is enjoying a thriving economy, and it's important to ensure
that our rural areas receive the support they need to continue to succeed and
grow."

As a member of the conference committee that crafted the final version of the
2014 farm bill, Hoeven worked to reauthorize water and infrastructure programs
to help rural communities ensure safe and reliable water systems. The senator
pushed through the Appropriations Committee for funding the USDA's Water and
Waste Disposal Loan and Grant Program in the 2014 budget, which includes the
Water and Environmental Program.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              105 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 19, 2014 Monday

Washington: USDA Announces Infrastructure Investments to Help Grow Rural
Businesses and Spur Economic Development

LENGTH: 651  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Agriculture, The Government of USA has issued the following
news release:

As part of the Obama Administration's efforts to invest in infrastructure that
will expand opportunity for all Americans, Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack
today awarded organizations in 14 states loans and grants to support rural
infrastructure, job creation efforts and business development.

"Our small rural businesses need first-class infrastructure to be world-class
competitors in the global economy," Vilsack said. "To achieve our
community-based development goals, USDA is investing in the infrastructure of
the rural economy by providing loans and grants to local partners who can
leverage the funds with other financing for projects that have broad economic
impacts."

The funding is being provided through USDA's Rural Economic Development Loan and
Grant (REDLG) program. Under this program, USDA provides zero-interest loans and
grants to utilities that lend funds to local businesses for projects to create
and retain employment in rural areas. These revolving loan funds broaden the
program's reach and create a multiplier effect for its impact.

This funding will help organizations such as the Benton Rural Electric
Association in Washington State, which will use a $750,000 loan and a $300,000
grant to expand the wastewater treatment facility at the port of Sunnyside. This
project serves value-added agricultural processing facilities in the Pacific
Northwest. With improvements made possible by this investment, 50 jobs will be
created and 263 others will be saved.

The Southern Pine Electric Power Association in Taylorsville, Miss., is
receiving a $2 million loan that will be used to help Polk's Food Products
remodel internal refrigerant and process control systems at its
50,000-square-foot plant in Magee, Miss. The project will help save 115 jobs in
Simpson County, a persistent poverty area. USDA is assisting Simpson County
through its StrikeForce Initiative for Rural Growth and Opportunity, an effort
launched in 2010 to reduce poverty by increasing investments in rural
communities through outreach and stronger partnerships with community leaders,
businesses, foundations and other groups working to combat poverty.

In total, Vilsack announced today $22.3 million in loans and grants for REDLG
projects in 14 states.

USDA Rural Development also announced today that its state offices are providing
funding for other infrastructure projects, including $2.3 million in Water and
Waste Disposal loan and grant assistance for Cobden, Ill., to replace its
municipal wastewater treatment plant, an $8.3 million Community Facilities
direct loan to construct a science lab/cafeteria/administrative space at the
high school in Santa Maria, Texas, and a $2.3 million Water and Waste Disposal
loan and grant combination to help Clear Lake, S.D., make improvements to its
sanitary sewer system.

Awards for the recipients of the Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant
Program and other infrastructure assistance are contingent upon the recipients
meeting the terms of the loan or grant agreement.

Since the beginning of the Obama Administration, the REDLG program has helped
create or save more than 25,000 rural jobs, provided almost $202 million in
economic development assistance, improved manufacturing capability, expanded
health care and educational facilities and has either expanded or helped
establish almost 1,000 rural businesses and community projects.

The REDLG awards announced today are part of the Obama Administration's overall
effort to support rural business development and expansion for a stronger
American economy. USDA is also highlighting support for rural small businesses
as part of National Small Business Week, held this year May 12-16, to celebrate
the critical contributions of small business owners and entrepreneurs.

For more information please visit: http://www.usda.gov

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              106 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 24, 2016 Saturday

Washington: Schumer, Gillibrand Announce Over $1.2 Million In Federal Funding
For Water And Infrastructure Upgrades In The Southern Tier

LENGTH: 483  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Kirsten Gillibrand has issued the following
news release:



 U.S. Senators Charles Schumer and Kirsten Gillibrand today announced a grant of
$1,230,000 for the Village of Montour Falls in Schuyler County and City of
Norwich in Chenango County.  The federal funding was allocated through the U.S.
Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural Development Water and Waste Disposal Loan
and Grant program. Specifically, the Village of Montour Falls will receive
$500,000 in federal funds along with a federal low-interest loan of $695,000 to
rehabilitate the Village's wastewater collection system. The loan is set for 38
years at 1.625 percent. The City of Norwich will receive $35,000 in federal
funds to cover additional work related to the removal of contaminated soil,
delaying the start of the tank construction.





 "This is a big win for the Southern Tier," said Senator Schumer. "We must
ensure that our communities have the resources they need to maintain their
infrastructure. This federal funding will allow Montour Falls and Norwich to
complete critical upgrades to their water systems and continue delivering safe,
consistent water service to their residents for generations to come."



 "These federal funds will allow Village of Montour Falls and City of Norwich to
upgrade their water infrastructure," said Senator Gillibrand, a member of the
Senate Environment and Public Works Committee. "This upgrade to the towns' water
system will help protect the health and quality of life for residents by
delivering clean water to more local families."



 "We are extremely pleased and grateful to receive this significant USDA award.
It will enable Montour Falls to make much needed improvements and upgrades to
the village's aging sanitary water collection system. We hope to begin the work
early in the spring of 2017," said Village of Montour Falls Mayor of John King.



 "It is with the help of the Federal government (USDA-RD) that the City of
Norwich was able to initiate and will soon complete this $2 Million Plus project
benefiting the residents of our City and local community," said Mayor Christine
A. Carnrike of Norwich.



 "The service we received from the USDA and the state director was
extraordinary. They guided and supported us and the authenticity that they
demonstrated in helping see this project through was evident from the beginning.
I and the community are extremely thankful for their assistance," said Webb Town
Supervisor Robert A. Moore. "The USDA's investment and support for
infrastructure is an investment in our future. The strong representation of New
York State by Senators Gillibrand and Schumer is helpful for receiving these
opportunities. I encourage other communities to reach out to them for help in
the future."





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com a

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              107 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 22, 2016 Thursday

Washington: Klobuchar, Franken, Peterson Announce Over $2.3 Million for Water
and Sewer Improvements for Dalton

LENGTH: 288  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Collin Peterson has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Senators Amy Klobuchar and Al Franken, along with Representative Collin
Peterson, today announced that the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) has
awarded the City of Dalton a loan of $1,915,000 and a grant of $421,000 for
water and sewer improvements. The funding will be used to make repairs to the
wastewater plant and water and wastewater line replacement.





 "Investing in our infrastructure creates job and aids in economic growth,"
Klobuchar said. "This investment will help promote the health and wellness of
people across Dalton."



 "Upgrading our infrastructure is critical for the public health of our
communities, and for making sure they can compete economically," Franken said.
"And that's especially true for rural communities in Minnesota and across the
country. This year, during my 'Rural Infrastructure Listening Tour' of our
state, I've heard from many rural communities about the infrastructure
improvements they need. I'm pleased that Dalton will receive this new funding to
make some of those upgrades by strengthening their water and sewer systems."



 "Safe, clean water is important to keeping our rural communities vibrant,"
Peterson said. "This funding will help Dalton make important infrastructure
improvements, helping to drive economic growth."



 This investment is made through USDA Rural Development's Water and Waste
Disposal Loan and Grant Program, which provides assistance and financing to
develop drinking water and waste disposal systems for communities with 10,000 or
fewer residents.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              108 of 159 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                          September 5, 2007 Wednesday
                                 State Edition

Presque Isle, Fort Kent groups receive grants

BYLINE: JEN LYNDS OF THE NEWS STAFF

SECTION: Pg. B2

LENGTH: 642 words

DATELINE: PRESQUE ISLE


Approximately four months before Christmas, several municipalities and
organizations in Aroostook County have received an early present - grants and
loans from the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Rural Development agency in the
amount of $25 million.

Officials from the USDA are spending two days in The County handing out the
grants in central Aroostook and the St. John Valley. Officials started Tuesday
in Presque Isle and later traveled to locations in Fort Kent.

Staff from USDA Rural Development joined city officials, representatives from
the state's congressional delegation and those from the Presque Isle Sewer
District to accept the funding.

Michael Aube, state director for USDA Rural Development, was on hand in Presque
Isle and Fort Kent to disburse the money.

The city of Presque Isle received a Water and Waste Disposal Loan of more than
$6.3 million, and the Presque Isle Sewer District received more than $4.9
million in a combination of Water and Waste Disposal loans and grants.

The Presque Isle Sewer District will use the money to relocate the wastewater
outfall pipe from the Presque Isle Stream to the Aroostook River.

The district is under a compliance order from the Maine Department of
Environmental Protection to improve the water quality of the stream.

The city of Presque Isle's award will help municipal officials complete projects
at its landfill. Officials will close two landfill cells and create two new
cells, as well as install a methane gas extraction system.

Aube said during the presentation that such loans and grants are vital to
helping towns and cities throughout the state make necessary improvements and
upgrades. He said that making such upgrades was necessary to keep the state's
economy growing.

Later that day, officials from the USDA presented a $98,000 Rural Business
Enterprise Grant to the town of Fort Kent. The money will help purchase
maintenance equipment upgrades and spectator equipment for the 10th Mountain
Center in Fort Kent as it prepares for the 2009 International Biathlon Union
World Cup.

Earlier this year, Northern Maine Medical Center in Fort Kent used a $1.2
million Community Facilities Guaranteed Loan to construct a 7,500-square-foot
medical office building. The facility, which opened in February, is across the
street from the hospital and houses physician's offices and health care clinics.

The University of Maine at Fort Kent also will benefit from a $49,837 Rural
Business Opportunity Grant. Terence Kelly, UMFK's director of university
relations and alumni affairs, said Tuesday that the funding will be used to
establish a Creative Economy Business Plan for the St. John Valley.

The business plan concept is a direct development of an earlier St. John Valley
forum on the creative economy. At the forum, regional leaders proposed that the
Valley capitalize on its strongest, renewable and built-in resources - its
artistic traditions, cultural heritage and landscape.

The Margaret Chase Smith Policy Center at the University of Maine will provide
technical assistance and planning for the project, Kelly added.

UMFK and the University of Maine in Orono will work together on
student-conducted visitor surveys at four major ethnic and cultural festivals
held in the St. John Valley each year. The two campuses also will partner to
develop enhanced curriculums, programs and outreach mechanisms, in concert with
establishing the Center for Rural Sustainable Development on the UMFK campus.
The center will serve as a valley-wide resource for student innovation and rural
entrepreneurship.

"We're very happy to receive this money," Kelly said Tuesday.

Staff from USDA Rural Development will cap off their trip to The County today by
presenting grants and loans to Northern Maine Development Commission and
Northern Maine Finance Corp. in Caribou and Tri-Community Landfill in Fort
Fairfield.

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2007 Bangor Daily News


                              109 of 159 DOCUMENTS

              Martin BERENDS et al., Plaintiffs, v. Earl L. BUTZ,
             Secretary of Agriculture of the United States, et al.,
                                   Defendants

                                No. 4-73 Civ. 41

          UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE DISTRICT OF MINNESOTA,
                                FOURTH DIVISION

                 357 F. Supp. 143; 1973 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 14428


                                 March 20, 1973

CASE SUMMARY:


PROCEDURAL POSTURE: Plaintiff farmers sought relief as a class against defendant
officials in the nature of mandamus. The farmers contended that the officials
acted unlawfully and beyond the scope of their authority when they terminated an
emergency loan program.

OVERVIEW: The court found that the officials had a ministerial duty to implement
the emergency loan program as directed by Congress, that the unilateral
termination of the program without notice to the farmers was in violation of the
statutes, and that the officials violated due process of law and regulations
promulgated by their agencies. Furthermore, the court held that to the extent
that the officials had discretion under the regulations, the termination of the
emergency loan program without notice was an arbitrary and capricious act. The
court noted that the agriculture department adopted 5 U.S.C.S. § 552, which
obligated the agency to inform the public as to the procedures and practices, so
that citizens could govern their actions accordingly. Furthermore, the court
found that the officials did not possess absolute authority to halt the
emergency loan program in areas designated as emergency loan areas; such that
their actions were unlawful. The court granted the farmers the relief that they
requested.

OUTCOME: The court ordered the agency to accept the farmers' loan applications,
process them as expeditiously as possible, and deliver the proceeds of approved
loans to qualified applicants without delay. The court denied the officials'
motion to dismiss the farmers' amended complaint for failure to state a claim
and denied the officials' alternative motion for summary judgment.

CORE TERMS: emergency, secretary, disaster, designated, notice, loan program,
designation, farmer, termination, loan applications, apportionment,
administrator, directive, harvest, proposed rule, agricultural, public property,
eligible, season, terminated, bulletin, similarly situated, agency action,
mandatory language, impracticable, terminating, unilateral, planting, farm,
notify


                            LexisNexis(R) Headnotes


Administrative Law > Judicial Review > Remedies > Mandamus
Administrative Law > Judicial Review > Standards of Review > General Overview
Civil Procedure > Remedies > Writs > Common Law Writs > Mandamus
[HN1] In an action in the nature of mandamus, to compel performance of
ministerial duties owed plaintiffs, a district court has jurisdiction of the
controversy under 28 U.S.C.S. § 1361. The scope of a district court's review is
set out in § 10 of the Administrative Procedure Act, 5 U.S.C.S. § 701 et seq.

Administrative Law > Judicial Review > Standards of Review > General Overview
Environmental Law > Litigation & Administrative Proceedings > Judicial Review
Governments > Legislation > Statutory Remedies & Rights
[HN2] The Administrative Procedure Act at 5 U.S.C.S. § 706, provides: To the
extent necessary to decision and when presented, the reviewing court shall
decide all relevant questions of law, interpret constitutional and statutory
provisions, and determine the meaning or applicability of the terms of an agency
action. The reviewing court shall (1) compel agency action unlawfully withheld
or unreasonably delayed; and (2) hold unlawful and set aside agency action,
findings, and conclusions found to be (B) contrary to constitutional right,
power, privilege, or immunity; (C) in excess of statutory jurisdiction,
authority, or limitations, or short of statutory right; (D) without observance
of procedure required by law.

Administrative Law > Judicial Review > Reviewability > Preclusion
Administrative Law > Judicial Review > Standards of Review > General Overview
Environmental Law > Litigation & Administrative Proceedings > Judicial Review
[HN3]  5 U.S.C.S. § 701(a) provides: This chapter applies, according to the
provisions thereof, except to the extent that (1) statutes preclude judicial
review; or (2) agency action is committed to agency discretion by law.

Business & Corporate Law > Cooperatives > Formation
Governments > Agriculture & Food > General Overview
Public Health & Welfare Law > Social Services > Emergency Services
[HN4] The statutory basis for the emergency loan program is provided in 7
U.S.C.S. § 1961 which reads:(a) The Secretary may designate any area in the
United States as an emergency area if he finds (1) that there exists in such
area a general need for agricultural credit which cannot be met for temporary
periods of time by private, cooperative, or other responsible sources, at
reasonable rates and terms for loans for similar purposes and periods of time,
and (2) that the need for such credit in such area is the result of a natural
disaster. As to this part of the statute, it is clear that the decision whether
or not to designate an area an "emergency loan area" is committed to the
discretion of the Secretary.  7 U.S.C.S. § 1961(b) authorizes the Secretary to
make loans in a designated area.

Governments > Federal Government > Employees & Officials
Public Health & Welfare Law > Food & Nutrition > General Overview
Public Health & Welfare Law > Social Services > Emergency Services
[HN5]  7 U.S.C.S. §§ 1961-1967 provides: (e) The benefits provided under this
section shall be applicable to all loans qualifying hereunder, whether approved
before or after the date of enactment of this section. "Shall" is mandatory
language. The only sensible reading of these statutes requires the Secretary to
apply emergency loan benefits to all loans qualifying under these provisions. In
order to apply the benefit provisions, the Secretary must first determine which
loan applicants qualify. To follow the dictate of Congress, the Secretary must
accept loan applications and consider them.

Administrative Law > Judicial Review > Standards of Review > General Overview
Governments > Federal Government > Employees & Officials
[HN6] Discretionary acts of the Small Business Administration (SBA), may not be
reviewed, but, acts which are tantamount to a refusal to exercise discretion are
subject to judicial review. Whatever the limits on a court's authority to review
denial of an application, they do not preclude judicial review when the SBA has
refused to follow its statutory duty to determine whether the loan to a given
applicant is necessary or appropriate.

Administrative Law > Agency Rulemaking > Rule Application & Interpretation >
General Overview
Constitutional Law > Bill of Rights > Fundamental Rights > Procedural Due
Process > Scope of Protection
[HN7] Validly issued regulations of an administrative agency have the force and
effect of statutes. The failure of an administrative agency to follow its own
established procedures constitutes a violation of procedural due process.

Administrative Law > Agency Rulemaking > Rule Application & Interpretation >
General Overview
Administrative Law > Judicial Review > Standards of Review > General Overview
Constitutional Law > Bill of Rights > Fundamental Rights > Procedural Due
Process > Scope of Protection
[HN8] An agency of the government must scrupulously observe the rules,
regulations or procedures which it has established. When it fails to do so, its
actions cannot stand and the courts will strike it down. It is of no
significance that the procedures or instructions which an agency has established
are more generous than the Constitution requires.

Administrative Law > Judicial Review > Reviewability > General Overview
Administrative Law > Judicial Review > Standards of Review > General Overview
Public Contracts Law > Dispute Resolution > Debarment
[HN9] To say that there is no right to government contracts does not resolve the
question of justiciability. Of course there is no such right; but, that cannot
mean that the government can act arbitrarily, either substantively or
procedurally, against a person, or that such person is not entitled to challenge
the processes and the evidence before he is officially declared ineligible for
government contracts. An allegation of facts which reveal an absence of legal
authority or basic fairness in the method of imposing debarment presents a
justiciable controversy.

Civil Rights Law > Contractual Relations & Housing > Fair Housing Rights > Fair
Housing Act
Governments > Federal Government > Employees & Officials
Governments > Local Governments > Finance
[HN10] Although it is provided that the Secretary may specify the period within
which initial emergency loans may be made, nowhere is the Secretary given the
authority to accelerate, or disregard the initial termination date. Looking to
the Department's regulations, it is provided when an area is designated by the
Secretary, the national office will notify the State Director and Finance Office
regarding such area designation. The notification will specify the period within
which initial loans may be made to new applicants as a result of the disaster
for which the area was designated. State Director will notify immediately the
county offices involved. The State Director also will make such public
announcements as appear appropriate. The public will be informed as to the
designation and the specified period for applying for the loans so as to provide
opportunity to take advantage of the loan program.

Administrative Law > Agency Rulemaking > Formal Rulemaking
Administrative Law > Agency Rulemaking > Informal Rulemaking
Public Health & Welfare Law > Social Services > Emergency Services
[HN11] The public participation requirements prescribed by 5 U.S.C.S. §
553(b)(c) will be followed by all agencies of the department in rule making
relating to public property, loans, grants, benefits, or contracts. The
exemptions permitted from such requirements where an agency finds for good cause
that compliance would be impracticable, unnecessary or contrary to the public
interest will be used sparingly, that is, only when there is a substantial basis
therefor. Where such a finding is made, the finding and a statement of the
reasons therefore will be published with the rule. Effective date: Upon
publication in the Federal Register (7-24-71) 36 Fed. Reg. 143,13804. In essence
the Department of Agriculture has adopted the rule making provisions of the
Administrative Procedure Act, 5 U.S.C.S. § 553, and made them applicable to the
administration of loans.

Administrative Law > Agency Adjudication > Hearings > Right to Hearing >
Statutory Right
Administrative Law > Agency Rulemaking > Informal Rulemaking
Business & Corporate Law > Agency Relationships > Authority to Act > Actual
Authority > General Overview
[HN12] The Administrative Procedure Act, 5 U.S.C.S. § 553 provides: (a) This
section applies, according to the provisions thereof, except to the extent that
there is involved (1) a military or foreign affairs function of the United
States; or (2) a matter relating to agency management or personnel or to public
property, loans, grants, benefits, or contracts. (b) General notice of proposed
rule making shall be published in the Federal Register, unless persons subject
thereto are named and either personally served or otherwise have actual notice
thereof in accordance with law. The notice shall include (1) a statement of the
time, place, and nature of public rule making proceedings; (2) reference to the
legal authority under which the rule is proposed; and (3) either the terms or
substance of the proposed rule or a description of the subjects and issues
involved. Except when notice or hearing is required by statute, this subsection
does not apply (A) to interpretative rules, general statements of policy, or
rules of agency organization, procedure, or practice; or (B) when the agency for
good cause finds, and incorporates the finding and a brief statement of reasons
therefor in the rules issued, that notice and public procedure thereon are
impracticable, unnecessary, or contrary to the public interest.

Administrative Law > Agency Rulemaking > Formal Rulemaking
Administrative Law > Agency Rulemaking > Informal Rulemaking
Civil Procedure > Pleading & Practice > Pleadings > Amended Pleadings > General
Overview
[HN13] The Administrative Procedure Act, 5 U.S.C.S. § 553 provides: (c) After
notice required by this section, the agency shall give interested persons an
opportunity to participate in the rule making through submission of written
data, views, or arguments with or without opportunity for oral presentation.
After consideration of the relevant matter presented, the agency shall
incorporate in the rules adopted a concise general statement of their basis and
purpose. When rules are required by statute to be made on the record after
opportunity for an agency hearing, 5 U.S.C.S. §§ 556, 557 of this title apply
instead of this subsection. (d) the required publication or service of a
substantive rule shall be made not less than 30 days before its effective date,
except (1) a substantive rule which grants or recognizes an exemption or
relieves a restriction; (2) interpretative rules and statements of policy; or
(3) as otherwise provided by the agency for good cause found and published with
the rule. (e) Each agency shall give an interested person the right to petition
for the issuance, amendment, or repeal of a rule. P.L. 89-554, 80 Stat. 383
(1966).

Administrative Law > Separation of Powers > Constitutional Controls > General
Overview
Contracts Law > Sales of Goods > Termination Notices
Real Property Law > Financing > Secondary Financing > Lien Priorities
[HN14] The failure to give notice prior to the termination of the loan program
is also in violation of the Administrative Procedure Act, 5 U.S.C.S. § 551 et
seq. The command of the Administrative Procedure Act is not a mere formality.
Those who are called upon by the government for a countless variety of goods and
services are entitled to have notice of the standards and procedures which
regulate these relationships.

Administrative Law > Agency Rulemaking > Rule Application & Interpretation >
General Overview
[HN15] Section 3 of the Administrative Procedure Act, 5 U.S.C.S. § 552,
provides, in mandatory language, that: (a) Each agency shall make available to
the public information as follows: (1) Each agency shall separately state and
publish in the Federal Register for the guidance of the public (A) descriptions
of its central and field organization and the established places at which, the
employees, and in the case of a uniformed service, the members, from whom, and
the methods whereby, the public may obtain information, make submittals or
requests, or obtain decisions; (B) statements of the general course and method
by which its functions are channeled and determined, including the nature and
requirements of all formal and informal procedures available; (C) rules of
procedure, descriptions of forms available or the places at which forms may be
obtained, and instructions as to the scope and contents of all papers, reports,
or examinations; (D) substantive rules of general applicability adopted as
authorized by law, and statements of general policy or interpretations of
general applicability formulated and adopted by the agency; and (E) each
amendment, revision, or repeal of the foregoing. Inherent in these provisions is
the concept that the public is entitled to be informed as to the procedures and
practices of a governmental agency, so as to be able to govern their actions
accordingly.

Administrative Law > Agency Rulemaking > Rule Application & Interpretation >
General Overview
Administrative Law > Governmental Information > Freedom of Information >
Disclosure Requirements > Publication
[HN16]  5 U.S.C.S. § 552(a)(1) provides: Except to the extent that a person has
actual and timely notice of the terms thereof, a person may not in any manner be
required to resort to, or be adversely affected by, a matter required to be
published in the Federal Register and not so published.

Governments > Agriculture & Food > General Overview
Public Health & Welfare Law > Social Services > Emergency Services
[HN17] The emergency loan program is funded by a revolving fund referred to as
the Agriculture Credit Insurance Fund. Moneys received in connection with loans
procured under the fund are credited to the fund and are used for making
additional loans. In order to obtain additional money for the fund the Secretary
of Agriculture is authorized to make and issue notes to the Secretary of
Treasury.  7 U.S.C.S. § 1928. To draw upon the fund, the Secretary of
Agriculture must procure an apportionment from the Office of Management and
Budget pursuant to the Anti-Deficiency Act, 31 U.S.C.S. § 665.

Governments > Federal Government > Employees & Officials
[HN18] An original apportionment by the Office of Management and Budget is
subject to change. In fact, the Office of Management and Budget is required by
law to review each apportionment at least four times each year in order to make
"effective use of the appropriation concerned.  31 U.S.C.S. § 665(c)(4).

Administrative Law > Separation of Powers > Constitutional Controls > General
Overview
Governments > Courts > Authority to Adjudicate
[HN19] It is not the role of the courts to pass upon the necessity or soundness
of a duly-promulgated law; likewise, an administrator should not engage in such
a practice. It is the duty of the courts to interpret the law and it is the
function of the administrator to enforce and effectuate the laws passed by
Congress.

JUDGES:  [**1]  Miles W. Lord, District Judge.

OPINION BY: LORD

OPINION

 [*145]  MEMORANDUM AND ORDER

Miles W. Lord, District Judge.

On January 19, 1973, plaintiffs commenced this action against the Secretary of
Agriculture of the United States and certain subordinate officials of the United
States Department of Agriculture,  [*146]  Farmers Home Administration (FHA),
seeking temporary and permanent injunctive relief, declaratory relief and
further relief in the nature of mandamus.  The thrust of plaintiffs' action is
that the Secretary of Agriculture acted unlawfully and beyond the scope of his
authority in terminating the FHA emergency loan program on December 27, 1972.
Plaintiffs seek reinstatement of that program.

On February 15, 1973, pursuant to Plaintiffs' Motion for a Preliminary
Injunction, a hearing was held before this Court in Duluth, Minnesota.  At that
time, oral argument was heard and briefs and affidavits were submitted by
plaintiffs and defendants in support of their respective positions.  At the
conclusion of plaintiffs' argument, plaintiffs moved that the Court order the
advancement of the trial on the merits and its consolidation with the
application for the preliminary injunction,  [**2]  pursuant to Rule 65(a)(2),
Federal Rules of Civil Procedure. Because the relief prayed for by plaintiffs
and others similarly situated, if granted, will be fully meaningful only if
granted prior to the 1973 planting season and in no event later than June 30,
1973, the Court granted the motion, ordered the consolidation, and advanced the
trial on the merits to March 5, 1973.  At that time, defendants moved to dismiss
the amended complaint on the ground that the actions complained of were totally
within defendants' discretion.  Alternatively, defendants moved for summary
judgment.  Both motions were denied and full trial on the merits was held.

Parties

Plaintiffs are four farmers residing in the 15 county area designated as an
"emergency loan" area, who were precluded from applying for emergency loans
because of the directive of the Secretary of Agriculture halting the program in
Minnesota.  The action is brought as a class action.  The Court finds that the
class is so numerous that joinder of all members is impracticable; that there
are common questions of law and fact common to the class; that the claims or
defenses of the representative parties are typical of the claims or [**3]
defenses of the class; and that the representative parties will fairly and
adequately protect the interests of the class.  Furthermore, the defendants have
acted and refused to act on grounds generally applicable to the class, thereby
making appropriate final injunctive relief or corresponding declaratory relief
with respect to the class as a whole.  The action is maintainable as a class
action with the class being defined as those farmers in need of agricultural
credit as the result of "natural disasters" who operate farms in one or more of
the fifteen Minnesota counties involved herein, and were precluded from applying
for emergency loans by the directive of the Secretary of Agriculture and the
actions taken thereunder terminating the emergency loan program in Minnesota.

Defendants include the Secretary of Agriculture, the National Administrator and
Assistant Administrator of the Farmers Home Administration, the Chief of the
Emergency Loan Division of the Farmers Home Administration; and the State
Administrator of the Farmers Home Administration for the State of Minnesota.

Factual Background

In the fall of 1971 and spring of 1972, a large part of western and central
Minnesota [**4]  suffered excessive and prolonged rainfall to such extent as to
seriously and injuriously interfere with and delay the planting of crops in the
spring of 1972.  With many years of experience, area farmers were unable to
recall such extreme and prolonged conditions of rain and wetness.  Because of
these conditions, many farmers in the affected areas were unable to get into
their fields to plant some of their 1972 crops at all.  To the extent planting
was possible, in many cases it was only possible critically late in the season
-- for example, late June or July, 1972.  Even after planting, replanting was
often required  [*147]  because the seed would rot in the wet soil.  Because of
the weather, harvests of many farmers were very small; many of the crops were
almost totally destroyed.

As a result of these weather conditions, on June 26, 1972, defendant Earl Butz,
United States Secretary of Agriculture, declared that fourteen counties in
western and central Minnesota had experienced "natural disasters" and designated
those fourteen counties "emergency loan areas." This designation was published
in the Federal Register, Volume 37, No. 126, page 12854, and provides as
follows: 1 [**5]


     DESIGNATIONS OF AREAS FOR EMERGENCY LOANS

     For the purpose of making emergency loans pursuant to section 321 of
     the Consolidated Farmers Home Administration Act of 1961 (7 U.S.C.
     1961) and section 232 of the Disaster Relief Act of 1970 (Public Law
     91-606), it has been determined that in the following counties in the
     State of Minnesota natural disasters have caused a general need for
     agricultural credit:


               COUNTIES
Big Stone           Pope
Chippewa            Renville
Douglas             Stevens
Grant               Swift
Kandiyohi           Traverse
Lac qui Parle       Wilkin
Meeker              Yellow Medicine

     Emergency loans will not be made in the above-named counties under
     this designation pursuant to application received after June 30, 1973,
     except subsequent loans to qualified borrowers who received initial
     loans under this designation. The urgency of the need for emergency
     loans in the designated areas makes it impracticable and contrary to
     the public interest to give advance notice of proposed rule making and
     invite public participation.

     Done at Washington, D.C., this 26th day of June, 1972.

     Earl L. Butz,

     Secretary.




- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

1 Subsequently, on September 20, 1972, defendant Butz declared that Stearns
County, Minnesota, had suffered a "natural disaster" and also designated it an
"emergency loan area." This designation is published in the Federal Register,
Volume 37, No. 187, page 20122.  There are, therefore, fifteen affected
Minnesota counties involved in this action.
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

 [**6]  On June 26, 1972, pursuant to this designation of "emergency loan
areas", the National Office of the FHA, by defendant Willard H. Ballard,
Director of the Emergency Loan Division of the FHA, sent the following
"notification" telegram to the Minnesota State Director of the FHA indicating
that these fourteen Minnesota counties had been designated "emergency loan
areas." This notification provides as follows:


     Effective immediately Big Stone, Chippewa, Douglas, Grant, Kandiyohi,
     Lac qui Parle, Meeker, Pope, Renville, Stevens, Swift, Traverse,
     Wilkin and Yellow Medicine Counties are designated for emergency
     loans.  Initial emergency loan applications will not be received or
     approved after June 30, 1973, except applications pending on that date
     will be completed. (Emphasis added)



On June 28, 1972, defendant Gordon F. Klenk, State Director of the FHA for the
State of Minnesota, sent a bulletin to County FHA offices in each of the
fourteen designated Minnesota counties.  This bulletin provides in pertinent
part as follows:


     Effective immediately the following counties have been designated
     eligible for Emergency loans by the Secretary of Agriculture:

     [Enumeration [**7]  of the fourteen Minnesota counties omitted.]

     Initial Emergency loans may be approved in these counties as
     authorized in FHA Instruction 441.2 to eligible applicants who have
     suffered production  [*148]  losses caused by excessive moisture
     conditions and not compensated for by insurance or otherwise.  Initial
     loans for Emergency applicants will not be received or approved after
     June 30, 1973, except applications pending on that date will be
     completed.

     It is not anticipated that a large volume of applications will be
     received until after the harvest season; however, where an immediate
     need for credit exists, the loan should be processed, approved and
     routed to the State Office for review.  We plan to hold an Emergency
     program meeting with county office personnel in the near future.

     County Supervisors in the affected counties should notify the County
     U.S.D.A.  Defense Chairman and see that the public is adequately
     informed of the emergency designation. The attached news release may
     be used in the affected counties.  (Emphasis added)



This bulletin (as well as the attached "News Release") indicates that emergency
loan applications would be accepted and processed [**8]  through June 30, 1973.
It is clear, from the language of this bulletin, that the State Director
anticipated that most applications would not be submitted until after the
harvest season which was late November or early December, 1972.

Subsequent to the fourteen-county emergency loan designations of June 26, 1972,
and the Stearns County designation of September 20, 1972, informational meetings
were held throughout the designated areas by State, District and County FHA
officials.  Relying upon the designations of the National Office of the FHA,
these FHA officials informed interested farmers that: (1) applications would be
accepted and processed through June 30, 1973; (2) that farmers should not file
until after their harvest to make sure that all eligible losses were included in
their applications; and (3) that plenty of money was available in the program.
Relying upon these representations, many farmers, including plaintiffs and
others similarly situated, waited until after the 1972 harvest to file emergency
loan applications.

As anticipated by State FHA officials, a substantial portion of emergency loan
applications were not submitted until after the harvest season -- late November
[**9]  and December, 1972.  Between that time and December 27, 1972, many
farmers in the fifteen-county emergency loan area contacted local FHA officials
for appointments to submit emergency loan applications.  Because of the large
number of applicants that sought to apply after harvest, County FHA officials
were forced to make appointments with many such applicants to review their
applications -- before formal acceptance -- in January, February and even March,
1973.

However, on December 27, 1972, without warning or notice of any kind, the
Secretary of Agriculture, by teletyped message to the Minnesota State FHA
office, directed the cessation of acceptance of emergency loan applications in
these Secretarially designated counties.  This teletyped message provides as
follows:


     Revised government policy requires that emergency and rural housing
     disaster loans will be handled as follows: Cease receiving
     applications, processing, or approving E.M. [emergency] and R.H.D.
     loans in all secretarial designation areas sixty days after
     designation. Hurricane Agnes and Rapid City, South Dakota, areas,
     Presidential only, will terminate January 15.  All other Presidential
     designations [**10]  terminate June 30, 1973.  No added Secretarial
     designations are expected for the balance of 1973.  Loan dockets
     approved and postmarked or in St. Louis by close of business December
     27 will be honored.  Notify county offices by telephone.  Bulletin
     follows.  (Emphasis added)



The message was addressed to all State Directors of the FHA and was received in
the Minnesota office at 4:20 p.m. on December 27, 1972 just prior to  [*149]
the close of the business day.  Whereas the directive terminated the emergency
loan program as far as the plaintiffs were concerned, it continued the program
in those areas designated by the President.

None of the County Supervisors in Secretarially designated areas who
administered the FHA emergency loan program at the local level received notice
of the termination of the program in their counties on December 27; nor did any
County FHA Supervisors receive this notice on the next day, December 28, 1972.
All Federal offices were officially closed on December 28, 1972, because of
President Truman's funeral.  Consequently, it was not until December 29, 1972,
that the State FHA office notified the County Supervisors of the termination.
Typically, John [**11]  Schulz, County Supervisor, FHA, for Chippewa and Yellow
Medicine Counties, received notice of the termination at approximately 11 a.m.
on December 29.

Testimony indicated that never before has a Secretary of Agriculture ordered the
permanent halt of an emergency loan program in Secretarially designated
emergency loan areas without notice and prior to the date specified in the
original designation.

Subsequent to December 27, 1972, and prior to February 15, 1973, when this Court
issued a Temporary Restraining Order directing FHA to resume accepting (but not
processing) applications from farmers in the fifteen Minnesota Secretarially
designated counties, all Minnesota FHA offices have refused to accept, process
or consider emergency loan applications from plaintiffs and others similarly
situated.

Jurisdiction

 [HN1] As the action is in the nature of mandamus, to compel defendants to
perform ministerial duties owed plaintiffs, this Court has jurisdiction of the
controversy under 28 U.S.C. § 1361. The scope of the Court's review is set out
in Section 10 of the Administrative Procedure Act, 5 U.S.C. § 701 et seq.

The scope of review under  [HN2] the Administrative Procedure Act is stated at
[**12]  5 U.S.C. § 706. That provision provides in pertinent part:


     To the extent necessary to decision and when presented, the reviewing
     court shall decide all relevant questions of law, interpret
     constitutional and statutory provisions, and determine the meaning or
     applicability of the terms of an agency action. The reviewing court
     shall --


          (1) compel agency action unlawfully withheld or unreasonably
          delayed; and

          (2) hold unlawful and set aside agency action, findings, and
          conclusions found to be -- . . .

          (B) contrary to constitutional right, power, privilege, or
          immunity;

          (C) in excess of statutory jurisdiction, authority, or
          limitations, or short of statutory right;

          (D) without observance of procedure required by law;



     . . .



The doctrine of sovereign immunity, raised by defendants, is inapplicable since
plaintiffs contend that the defendants' actions were beyond the scope of their
authority or they were acting unconstitutionally.  Dugan v. Rank, 372 U.S. 609,
621, 83 S. Ct. 999, 10 L. Ed. 2d 15 (1962).

Conclusions of Law

It is the position of the plaintiffs that the unilateral termination of the
emergency loan program without public [**13]  notice was in violation of the
mandatory language of the applicable statutes and administrative regulations, as
well as violative of the due process clause of the Fifth Amendment.  The
Government, on the other hand, maintains that the administration of emergency
loans is committed by law to the discretion of the Secretary, and hence is not
subject to judicial review by this  [*150]  Court, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. § 701. 2
However, plaintiffs correctly point out that they are challenging only
ministerial acts of the administrators. The language in the statutes and
regulations relied on by plaintiffs is not of a permissive nature, but
affirmatively directs defendants to perform.  Whereas the Secretary may have a
great deal of discretion in the administration of emergency loans, he has no
license to act in violation of mandatory language of statutory laws or agency
regulations.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

2  [HN3]  5 U.S.C. § 701(a) provides:


     This chapter applies, according to the provisions thereof, except to
     the extent that --

     (1) statutes preclude judicial review; or

     (2) agency action is committed to agency discretion by law.



- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

 [**14]   [HN4] The statutory basis for the emergency loan program is provided
in 7 U.S.C. § 1961 which reads:


     (a) The Secretary may designate any area in the United States . . . as
     an emergency area if he finds


          (1) that there exists in such area a general need for
          agricultural credit which cannot be met for temporary
          periods of time by private, cooperative, or other
          responsible sources, at reasonable rates and terms for loans
          for similar purposes and periods of time, and

          (2) that the need for such credit in such area is the result
          of a natural disaster.





As to this part of the statute, it is clear that the decision whether or not to
designate an area an "emergency loan area" is committed to the discretion of the
Secretary. However, the Secretary has exercised his discretion in this regard;
he has designated this fifteen county area as an "emergency loan area." 7 U.S.C.
§ 1961(b) "authorizes" the Secretary to make loans in such a designated area.
The chief benefit flowing from a Secretarial designation is the availability of
emergency loans.  It is clear from the legislative history that Congress
intended that emergency loans would be available in those areas designated
[**15]  as emergency loan areas.  In the Senate Report accompanying the
Agriculture Act of 1961 it is stated:
     Sec. 321(a) Designation of areas -- The bill proposes that emergency
     loans would be available whenever the secretary finds that there
     exists a need for credit not available from private, cooperative, or
     other responsible sources due to the occurrence of a natural disaster.
     . . .


          (b) Eligibility -- Under the bill emergency loans would be
          made available to any farmer or rancher in the designated
          area. . . .  (Emphasis added) S. Rep. No. 566, 87 Cong.,
          First Session (1961); 2 U.S. Code Cong. & Admin. News 1961,
          p. 2313.






Furthermore, Section 5 of P.L. 92-385, adopted in August of 1972 as an amendment
to  [HN5]  7 U.S.C. §§ 1961-1967 provides:


     (e) The benefits provided under this section shall be applicable to
     all loans qualifying hereunder, whether approved before or after the
     date of enactment of this section.


"Shall" is mandatory language. The only sensible reading of these statutes
requires the Secretary to apply emergency loan benefits to all loans qualifying
under these provisions.  In order to apply the benefit provisions, the Secretary
[**16]  must first determine which loan applicants qualify.  To follow the
dictate of Congress, the Secretary must accept loan applications and consider
them.

In Dubrow v. Small Business Administration, 345 F. Supp. 4 (D. Cal. 1972), the
right to apply for small business administration disaster loans was at issue.
The government contended that under the Disaster Relief Act of 1972, 42 U.S.C. §
4451, the agency had absolute discretion to determine whether or not to  [*151]
make a loan under the Act.  Of this, the Court stated:


     The Disaster Relief Act clearly states that the SBA shall administer
     disaster relief loans in accordance with its administration of the
     Disaster Loan Program. Under 15 U.S.C. § 636(b) the agency is
     empowered to make such loans as "the Administration may determine to
     be necessary or appropriate." This language calls for a determination,
     which implies that some consideration of each application must be
     undertaken.  While it may be true that an individual has no right to
     receive a loan under the Disaster Loan Program, he does have the right
     to file an application and to have his application reviewed.  In
     Simpkins v. Davidson, 302 F. Supp. 456 (S.D.N.Y. 1969), [**17]  the
     plaintiff brought a mandamus action seeking to enjoin the SBA from
     refusing to grant him a loan.  The Court held that Section 634(b)
     removed any jurisdiction the Court might have to compel the agency to
     grant plaintiff a loan, but that it had a statutory duty to process
     the plaintiff's loan application.  What Simpkins makes clear is that
     [HN6] discretionary acts of the SBA may not be reviewed, but, acts
     which are tantamount to a refusal to exercise discretion are subject
     to judicial review.  Whatever the limits on this Court's authority to
     review denial of an application, they do not preclude judicial review
     when the SBA has refused to follow its statutory duty to determine
     whether the loan to a given applicant is necessary or appropriate.
     345 F. Supp. at 8, 9.


The situation in the instant case is virtually identical.  It is clear from the
reading of the statute that Congress has directed the Secretary to accept and
consider loan applications from those counties which have been designated as
"emergency loan areas." The Secretary's refusal to comply with the statutory
language, and the subsequent termination of the emergency loan program was
accomplished in excess of the Secretary's [**18]  authority and is unlawful.

Not only was the administrative action taken in excess of statutory authority,
but it also was in violation of the duly promulgated regulations set up by the
Department of Agriculture.   [HN7] Validly issued regulations of an
administrative agency have the force and effect of statutes.  See,
Sheridan-Wyoming Coal Co. v. Krug, 84 U.S. App. D.C. 288, 172 F.2d 282 (1949).
The failure of an administrative agency to follow its own established procedures
constitutes a violation of procedural due process.  Vitarelli v. Seaton, 359
U.S. 535, 79 S. Ct. 968, 3 L. Ed. 2d 1012 (1959); Service v. Dulles, 354 U.S.
363, 77 S. Ct. 1152, 1 L. Ed. 2d 1403 (1959); Accardi v. Shaughnessy, 347 U.S.
260, 74 S. Ct. 499, 98 L. Ed. 681 (1954). As stated in United States v. Heffner,
420 F.2d 809, 812 (4th Cir. 1970):


      [HN8] An agency of the government must scrupulously observe the
     rules, regulations or procedures which it has established.  When it
     fails to do so, its actions cannot stand and the courts will strike it
     down.  This doctrine was announced in United States ex rel. Accardi v.
     Shaughnessy, 347 U.S. 260, 74 S. Ct. 499, 98 L. Ed. 681 (1954). There,
     the Supreme Court vacated [**19]  [the] deportation order of the Board
     of Immigration because the procedure leading to the order did not
     conform to the relevant regulations. The failure of the Board and of
     the Department of Justice to follow their own established procedures
     was held a violation of due process.  The Accardi doctrine was
     subsequently applied by the Supreme Court in Service v. Dulles, 354
     U.S. 363, 77 S. Ct. 1152, 1 L. Ed. 2d 1403 (1959), and Vitarelli v.
     Seaton, 359 U.S. 535, 79 S. Ct. 968, 3 L. Ed. 2d 1012 (1950) . . .

     It is of no significance that the procedures or instructions which the
     . . . [agency] . . . has established are more generous than the
     Constitution requires.  In Service v. Dulles, supra, the Supreme Court
     vitiated the discharge of a foreign service officer because of the
     State Department's  [*152]  failure to follow its own procedures.  The
     Court concluded that it made no difference that the State Department
     had no statutory or constitutional obligation to establish the
     procedure in question:


          While it is of course true that . . . the Secretary was not
          obligated to impose upon himself these more rigorous
          substantive and procedural standards . . . having done so
          [**20]  he could not, so long as the Regulations remained
          unchanged, proceed without regard to them.  354 U.S. at 388,
          77 S. Ct. at 1165.






The regulations involved give the Secretary the discretion to determine whether
or not an area should be designated as an "emergency loan" area. 3 However, as
pointed out previously the Secretary has exercised his discretion in this
regard, and his original designation of the fifteen Minnesota counties as
"emergency loan" areas has not been revoked or repealed.  The directive of
December 27, 1972 sent to State FHA Directors, does not purport to remove the
designation but merely halts the processing of loans under the statute.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

3 "The Secretary of Agriculture may designate an area as an E.M. loan area when
there exists a general need for agricultural credit resulting from a natural
disaster." Section 1832.3(b).  37 Federal Register 72 p. 7294.
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

However, under the applicable regulations the Secretary has no absolute
authority to halt the emergency loan program in those areas designated [**21]
as emergency loan areas.  The language of the regulation is clear that emergency
loans will be made available in the counties so designated. 4 The language in
the regulations is mandatory and the Secretary is directed to consider
applications for emergency loans in designated areas.  The refusal to consider
applications for emergency loans in designated areas is a violation of the
Department's regulations.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

4 "E.M. loans will be made available in counties named by OEP as eligible for
Federal assistance under a major disaster declaration by the President, in
counties designated by the Secretary . . ." Section 1832.3.  37 F.R. 72, page
7294.

"Eligible applicants who are operators of not larger than family farms . . .
whose credit needs are for annual recurring operating expenses which can be
repaid from the year's income, . . . will receive E.M. loans instead of
operating loans." 37 F.R. 72, page 7298.
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

Inasmuch as emergency loans were made available up until December 27, 1972, it
could be argued that the [**22]  Secretary fulfilled his obligation under the
statutes and the regulations. However, in this respect the method of termination
of emergency loan benefits must be considered.  The rights of individuals in so
important a matter as procuring emergency relief to help restore damage caused
by a natural disaster should not be at the mercy of the whims of an
administrator. The unilateral termination of the program without notice to the
Minnesota farmers offends all traditional notions of fair play.  The people have
a right to expect better treatment from their government.  In Gonzalez v.
Freeman, 118 U.S. App. D.C. 180, 334 F.2d 570 (D.C. Cir. 1964), the Secretary of
Agriculture debarred a contractor from doing any further business with the
Department.  The matter was handled in summary fashion.  In defending a
subsequent suit brought by the contractor, the government argued that since a
citizen has no "right" to do business with the government, there is no standing
for this lawsuit.  Judge Burger, now Chief Justice, disposed of this argument:


     Thus,  [HN9] to say that there is no "right" to government contracts
     does not resolve the question of justiciability.  Of course there is
     no such [**23]  right; but that cannot mean that the government can
     act arbitrarily, either substantively or procedurally, against a
     person, or that such person is not entitled to challenge the processes
     and the evidence before he is officially declared ineligible for
     government contracts.   [*153]  An allegation of facts which reveal an
     absence of legal authority or basic fairness in the method of imposing
     debarment presents a justiciable controversy in our view.  334 F.2d at
     574, 575. 5




- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

5 In the instant case, the farmers' position is even stronger inasmuch as there
is a right to have disaster loan applications submitted and considered.  Dubrow
v. Small Business Administration, supra, and Simpkins v. Davidson. supra.
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

In looking to the Secretary's actions it should be pointed out that  [HN10]
although it is provided that the Secretary may specify the period within which
initial loans may be made, nowhere is the Secretary given the authority to
accelerate, or disregard the initial termination date.  Looking to the [**24]
Department's regulations, it is provided:


     When an area is designated by the Secretary, the National Office will
     notify the State Director and Finance Office regarding such area
     designation. The notification will specify the period within which
     initial loans may be made to new applicants as a result of the
     disaster for which the area was designated. State Director will notify
     immediately the county offices involved. . . .  The State Director
     also . . . will make such public announcements as appear appropriate.



On June 26, 1972 and September 20, 1972, in compliance with these regulations,
the National Office of the FHA did inform the State Director of the designation
and did specify that the loans be available until June 30, 1973.  Public notice
was given as to this deadline.  The regulation contemplates that the public will
be informed as to the designation and the specified period for applying for the
loans so as to provide opportunity to take advantage of the loan program.
Nonetheless the Secretary, without prior notice, terminated the program
depriving thousands of disaster victims from applying for emergency loans.

The unilateral termination of the program without [**25]  notice was also a
violation of a rule promulgated by former Secretary of Agriculture Clifford
Hardin which states:


     Notice is hereby given of the policy of the Department of Agriculture
     to give notice of proposed rule making and to invite the public to
     participate in rule making where not required by law.

     5 U.S.C. § 553 provides generally that before rules are issued by
     Government agencies, notice of proposed rule making must be published
     in the FEDERAL REGISTER, and interested persons must be given an
     opportunity to participate in the rule making through submission of
     data, views, or arguments.

     The law exempts from this requirement rules relating to public
     property, loans, grants, benefits, or contracts.

     The Administrative Conference of the United States has recommended
     that Government agencies provide for public participation when
     formulating rules relating to public property, loans, grants,
     benefits, or contracts as a matter of policy.

     The advantages of implementing the Conference's recommendation that
     the public be afforded an opportunity for greater participation in the
     formulation of rules relating to public property, loans, grants,
     benefits, or contracts [**26]  will outweigh any disadvantages such as
     increased costs or delays.

      [HN11] The public participation requirements prescribed by 5 U.S.C. §
     553(b) and(c) will be followed by all agencies of the Department in
     rule making relating to public property, loans, grants, benefits, or
     contracts.  The exemptions permitted from such requirements where an
     agency finds for good cause that compliance would be impracticable,
     unnecessary or contrary to the public interest will be used sparingly,
     that is, only when there is a substantial basis therefor.  Where such
     a finding is made, the finding  [*154]  and a statement of the reasons
     therefore will be published with the rule. 6 Effective date: Upon
     publication in the FEDERAL REGISTER (7-24-71) 36 F.R. 143, p. 13804.




- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

6 No such finding has been published.
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

In essence the Department has adopted the rule making provisions of the
Administrative Procedure Act, 5 U.S.C. § 553, 7 and made them applicable to the
administration of loans.  Basically, the statute requires [**27]  that when a
substantive rule is involved and none of the numerous exemptions applies, then
administrative agencies shall:

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

7  [HN12] That statute provides:


     (a) This section applies, according to the provisions thereof, except
     to the extent that there is involved --

     (1) a military or foreign affairs function of the United States; or

     (2) a matter relating to agency management or personnel or to public
     property, loans, grants, benefits, or contracts.

     (b) General notice of proposed rule making shall be published in the
     Federal Register, unless persons subject thereto are named and either
     personally served or otherwise have actual notice thereof in
     accordance with law.  The notice shall include --

     (1) a statement of the time, place, and nature of public rule making
     proceedings;

     (2) reference to the legal authority under which the rule is proposed;
     and

     (3) either the terms or substance of the proposed rule or a
     description of the subjects and issues involved.

     Except when notice or hearing is required by statute, this subsection
     does not apply --

     (A) to interpretative rules, general statements of policy, or rules of
     agency organization, procedure, or practice; or

     (B) when the agency for good cause finds (and incorporates the finding
     and a brief statement of reasons therefor in the rules issued) that
     notice and public procedure thereon are impracticable, unnecessary, or
     contrary to the public interest.

     [HN13] (c) After notice required by this section, the agency shall
     give interested persons an opportunity to participate in the rule
     making through submission of written data, views, or arguments with or
     without opportunity for oral presentation.  After consideration of the
     relevant matter presented, the agency shall incorporate in the rules
     adopted a concise general statement of their basis and purpose.  When
     rules are required by statute to be made on the record after
     opportunity for an agency hearing, sections 556 and 557 of this title
     apply instead of this subsection.

     (d) the required publication or service of a substantive rule shall be
     made not less than 30 days before its effective date, except --

     (1) a substantive rule which grants or recognizes an exemption or
     relieves a restriction;

     (2) interpretative rules and statements of policy; or

     (3) as otherwise provided by the agency for good cause found and
     published with the rule.

     (e) Each agency shall give an interested person the right to petition
     for the issuance, amendment, or repeal of a rule.  P.L. 89-554, Sept.
     6, 1966, 80 Stat. 383.  (Emphasis added)



- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

 [**28]  1) Give advance notice by publication in the Federal Register of the
proposed rule making.  This notice shall include a statement of the time, place
and nature of the public rule making proceedings, reference to the legal
authority under which the rule is proposed and the terms of the proposed new
rule.

2) After that notice is given, the agency shall give interested persons an
opportunity to participate in the rule making.

3) The agency shall incorporate in the rule adopted a statement of its basis and
purpose.

4) After the substantive rule is adopted, it shall be published in the Federal
Register, not less than thirty days before its effective date.

In adopting the directive of December 27, 1972, defendants did not comply with
even one of these mandatory requirements, despite the fact that the directive
would have a substantial impact on those regulated, and hence is a "rule" as
contemplated in the statute.  See, Pharmaceutical Manufacturers Association v.
Finch, 307 F. Supp. 858 (D. Del. 1970); Texaco Inc. v. FPC, 412 F.2d 740 (3rd
Cir. 1969); National Motor Traffic Association  [*155]  v. United States, 268 F.
Supp. 90 (D.D.C. 1967). See also, A.E. Staley Manufacturing [**29]  Co. v.
United States, 310 F. Supp. 485 (D. Minn. 1970); Housing Authority of the City
of Omaha, Nebraska v. United States Housing Authority, 54 F.R.D. 402 (D. Neb.
1972).

[HN14] The failure to give notice prior to the termination of the loan program
is also in violation of the Administrative Procedure Act, 5 U.S.C. § 551 et seq.
As stated by Judge, now Chief Justice Burger in Gonzalez v. Freeman, supra:


     The command of the Administrative Procedure Act is not a mere
     formality.  Those who are called upon by the government for a
     countless variety of goods and services are entitled to have notice of
     the standards and procedures which regulate these relationships.  334
     F.2d at 578.



 [HN15] Section 3 of the Administrative Procedure Act (5 U.S.C. § 552) provides,
in mandatory language, as follows:


     (a) Each agency shall make available to the public information as
     follows:


          (1) Each agency shall separately state and currently publish
          in the Federal Register for the guidance of the public --

          (A) descriptions of its central and field organization and
          the established places at which, the employees (and in the
          case of a uniformed service, the members, from whom, and the
          methods [**30]  whereby, the public may obtain information,
          make submittals or requests, or obtain decisions;

          (B) statements of the general course and method by which its
          functions are channeled and determined, including the nature
          and requirements of all formal and informal procedures
          available;

          (C) rules of procedure, descriptions of forms available or
          the places at which forms may be obtained, and instructions
          as to the scope and contents of all papers, reports, or
          examinations;

          (D) substantive rules of general applicability adopted as
          authorized by law, and statements of general policy or
          interpretations of general applicability formulated and
          adopted by the agency; and

          (E) each amendment, revision, or repeal of the foregoing.






Inherent in these provisions is the concept that the public is entitled to be
informed as to the procedures and practices of a governmental agency, so as to
be able to govern their actions accordingly.  The termination of the emergency
loan program was without any notice, and was in violation of the provisions of
the statute.  The last paragraph of  [HN16]  5 U.S.C. § 552(a)(1) provides:


     Except to the extent that a person has actual and timely [**31]
     notice of the terms thereof, a person may not in any manner be
     required to resort to, or be adversely affected by, a matter required
     to be published in the Federal Register and not so published . . . .


Notice after the termination of the loan program as was here given can in no way
be considered timely.  Furthermore, the deprivation of the right to file claims
for the loans certainly adversely affected the plaintiffs.

As justification for terminating the loan program in Minnesota, the government
argues that there was a shortage of available funds.   [HN17] The emergency loan
program is funded by a "revolving fund" referred to as the Agriculture Credit
Insurance Fund.  Moneys received in connection with loans procured under the
fund are credited to the fund and are used for making additional loans.  In
order to obtain additional money for the fund the Secretary of Agriculture is
authorized to make and issue notes to the Secretary of Treasury.  7 U.S.C. §
1928. To draw upon the fund, the Secretary of Agriculture must procure an
apportionment from the Office  [*156]  of Management and Budget pursuant to the
Anti-Deficiency Act, 31 U.S.C. § 665. The original apportionment for Emergency
[**32]  Loans was $135 million.  The government argues that agency estimates
indicated that the total commitment of emergency loans would be approximately
$800 million.

It is the opinion of the Court that the government's contentions are not
justified.  It is true that the Secretary is prohibited from spending funds in
excess of the apportionment. However, there is nothing magic in an
apportionment; that is,  [HN18] an original apportionment by the Office of
Management and Budget is subject to change.  In fact, the Office of Management
and Budget is required by law to review each apportionment at least four times
each year in order to make "effective use of the appropriation concerned." 31
U.S.C. § 665(c)(4). 8

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

8 31 U.S.C. § 665(c)(4) provides:

Apportionments shall be reviewed at least four times each year by the officers
designated in subsection (d) of this section to make apportionments and
reapportionments, and such reapportionments made or such reserves established,
modified, or released as may be necessary to further the effective use of the
appropriation concerned, . . . .
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

 [**33]  In appropriating funds for the emergency loan program, Congress set no
monetary limit on the funds that may be apportioned for emergency loans.  The
appropriation reads as follows:


     The following sums are appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury
     not otherwise appropriated, for Agriculture-Environmental and Consumer
     Protection programs for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1973, and for
     other purposes namely: . . .

     AGRICULTURAL CREDIT INSURANCE FUND

     . . . For loans to be insured, or made to be sold and insured, under
     this fund in accordance with and subject to the provisions of 7 U.S.C.
     1928-1929, as follows: real estate loans, $370,000,000, including not
     less than $350,000,000 for farm ownership loans; water and waste
     disposal loans, $300,000,000; and emergency loans in amounts necessary
     to meet the needs resulting from natural disaster. 92 U.S. Code Cong.
     and Admin. News 338, 3397.



In January and again in February of 1973, the Secretary did request and receive
additional apportionments of funds for emergency loans bringing the total
apportionment of funds to $500 million.  The government offers no explanation as
to why the Secretary could not request an apportionment [**34]  that would be
sufficient to cover the claims of the plaintiffs in this case.  The Secretary
has made the determination that there were needs for agricultural credit in the
fifteen Minnesota counties involved, yet the Secretary is apparently unwilling
to take the necessary procedural steps to insure that the financial needs of the
farmers involved are fulfilled in the manner contemplated by Congress.  Congress
has appropriated sufficient funds to carry out the emergency loan program. It is
the Secretary's duty to request an apportionment from the Office of Management
and Budget, that would carry out the directives of Congress.

It may be that the Secretary questions the efficacy of the emergency loan
program.  [HN19] It is not the role of the Courts to pass upon the necessity or
soundness of a duly-promulgated law; likewise, an administrator should not
engage in such a practice.  It is the duty of the Courts to interpret the law
and it is the function of the Administrator to enforce and effectuate the laws
passed by Congress.

Furthermore, although the emergency loan program was terminated in Minnesota
without notice on December 27, 1972, the program was continued in the areas
declared as [**35]  disaster areas by the President.  Since December 27, 1972,
$270 million has been obligated for emergency loans and the Department
anticipates that another $150 million in emergency loans will be approved.  If
[*157]  the government were correct in its claim that there was a shortage of
funds for the program, it is not at all clear as to why this shortage of funds
is evident only in areas designated by the Secretary. The government offers no
rational explanation to this grossly inequitable result.  There is absolutely no
basis in the law to give preference in the administration of emergency loans to
Presidentially declared disaster areas.

The bill that eventually became P.L. 92-385 was originally proposed by the
Administration, solely to benefit victims of Hurricane Agnes in areas designated
by the President.  However, while the bill was being considered in Senate
Committee, word was received of the disastrous weather conditions in West
Central Minnesota.  The report states:


     The Committee notes that there have been 37 Presidentially designated
     disasters and 84 administratively declared disasters since January 1,
     1971, including the disasters associated with Agnes and [**36]  the
     Rapid City flood.  The Committee agrees that the victims of all these
     disasters should be treated in the same manner insofar as disaster
     relief is concerned, and that it would be wrong and unfair to accord
     victims of particular disasters special treatment.

     Moreover, the Committee notes that in the future other disasters may
     occur.  For example, while this legislation is being discussed in the
     Committee, a serious new flood occurred in Central Minnesota
     devastating as many as ten counties and the same number of large
     towns.  The Committee agreed that victims of future disasters, like
     this one in Minnesota, should receive the same measure of relief under
     disaster relief legislation which is accorded to victims of disasters
     which have already been declared.  In no case should people sustaining
     comparable injury be afforded lesser relief because of their location
     in different disaster areas. Senate Report No. 92-1008, U.S. Code
     Cong. & Admin. News, 1972, p. 2952.  (Emphasis added)



The Secretary's actions in giving a preference to Presidentially designated
areas is not in keeping with the Congressional intent in promulgating the
emergency loan program.

It is the opinion [**37]  of the Court that the defendants have a ministerial
duty to implement the emergency loan program as directed by Congress, that the
unilateral termination of the program without notice to the plaintiffs in this
case was in violation of the statutes, the agency's own regulations, and due
process of law.  Furthermore to the extent that the administrators may have some
discretion under the applicable statutes, in terminating the emergency loan
program in Minnesota without prior notice, the administrator acted in an
arbitrary and capricious manner.

Order for Judgment

Based on the reasons as set forth in the attached Memorandum,

It is hereby ordered that:

1. Defendants' action of December 27, 1972, which terminated, without notice,
the FHA Emergency Loan Program in Minnesota, is unlawful and all subsequent
actions taken in implementation or furtherance of that action are unlawful.

2. Defendants' Motion to Dismiss Plaintiffs' Amended Complaint for failure to
state a claim upon which relief may be granted, is denied.

3. Defendants' alternative Motion for Summary Judgment is denied.

4. Persons situated similar to plaintiffs, within the class represented by
plaintiffs, include established [**38]  farmers (a) who suffered loss as the
result of natural disasters; (b) who operate  [*158]  farms in one or more of
the fifteen Minnesota counties designated emergency loan areas by the Secretary
of Agriculture on June 26, 1972, and September 20, 1972; and (3) who did not
file applications for FHA initial emergency loans prior to December 26, 1972.

5. Defendants, their successors and agents shall reinstate the Farmers Home
Administration (FHA) Emergency Loan Program for natural disaster victims in the
fifteen Minnesota counties designated Emergency Loan Areas by the Secretary of
Agriculture on June 26, 1972 and September 20, 1972, which program was
unlawfully terminated by the Secretary of Agriculture on December 27, 1972.  To
accomplish this, it is ordered that the defendants, their successors and agents
shall:


     (a) Accept and file FHA emergency loan applications of plaintiffs and
     others similarly situated, if submitted to County FHA offices on or
     before June 30, 1973; and

     (b) Process said applications as expeditiously as possible, and
     without delay grant emergency loans thereon to applicants found to be
     qualified pursuant to the same lawful eligibility and loan purpose
     [**39]  requirements on the same basis as they were applied by the
     Farmers Home Administration between August 16, 1972, and December 27,
     1972; and

     (c) Pay and deliver the proceeds of approved loans to qualifying
     applicants without delay.



It is further ordered that this Order shall take effect immediately, except that
Subparagraph (c) of this Order, which directs the payment and delivery of loan
proceeds, is stayed for a period of ten days from the date hereof.

It is further ordered that in the event an appeal is taken, because of the
urgency of this matter, the parties are directed to take all possible steps to
procure an expedited appeal.


                              110 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                     Monroe County Appeal (Paris, Missouri)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                January 17, 2013

USDA Highlights 2012 Investments to Build Stronger Rural Communities;
Investment included monies to Ralls County

BYLINE: Monroe County Appeal staff

LENGTH: 932  words


Rural Development helps to invest more than $30 billion to strengthen rural
America

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack recently issued a report highlighting USDA
Rural Development's fiscal year (FY) 2012 investments in job creation,
businesses, infrastructure and housing for Americans living in rural communities
across the nation.

"President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
in rural communities that have made them stronger," Vilsack said. "Thanks to our
loan, grant and technical assistance programs, USDA Rural Development is helping
residents and rural enterprises thrive, and we are laying a strong foundation
for rural America's future."

With an active portfolio of more than $176 billion in loans and loan guarantees,
Rural Development has provided affordable housing, improved utility
infrastructure, and helped businesses and cooperatives create jobs, build rural
economies and increase the quality of life in rural areas. For a full copy of
the 2012 Progress Report, go to http://www.rurdev.usda.
gov/SupportDocuments/RDProgressReport-2012. pdf.

Missouri Rural Development State Director Janie Dunning stated, "The amounts
listed mean a return of taxpayer dollars to the states. In Missouri,
$992,406,000 was returned in the form of grants, loans and loan guarantees. This
is money directly assisting businesses to create or retain jobs and communities
to maintain quality of life for residents and visitors"

For example, in 2012, nearly 64,000 rural residents received new or better
access to broadband Internet service. Under the Rural Utilities Program, Rural
Development provided approximately $4.7 billion in electric loans, $173 million
in telecommunications loans and grants, and $1.4 billion in water and waste
disposal loan and grants.

Through its Community Facilities loan and grant program, Rural Development
provided more than $8.6 million to construct or improve 48 rural libraries, and
provided more than $888 million in assistance for 243 projects to improve the
delivery of health care for rural Americans. All told, Rural Development
provided more than $1.5 billion in community facilities loans and grants to
develop or improve essential facilities like these in rural areas.

In addition to the efforts to support education and health care, another key
aspect of the Community Facilities program is the ability to support emergency
responders. For example, Missouri Rural Development provided $417,680 to 25
entities; ambulance districts, cities, counties and villages; to improve first
responders' and emergency early warning systems' capability. Many of these
communities had no equipment or were without adequate equipment to protect lives
and properties during hazardous situations.

Rural Development is also the lead agency ensuring that rural families have
access to safe, well-built, affordable homes. In 2012, Rural Development helped
7,940 families with low-incomes obtain safe, affordable homes, providing
approximately $900.9 million in single-family direct subsidized loans. Under the
single-family guaranteed loan program, Rural Development helped more than
145,100 moderate-income families purchase single-family homes. More than 7,000
rural individuals or families were able to repair their homes under the home
repair loan and grant program.

In 2012, USDA Rural Development assisted more than 270,000 low- and
very-low-income families, who were able to live in safe, multi-family housing
thanks to $904.7 million in rental assistance to bring their rents to an
affordable level.

Rural Development also helped approximately 1,700 families move into new
apartment units through $122.6 million for low-income rental housing
development, $104.3 million in guaranteed loans for moderate-income rental
housing development, and $5.5 million for multi-family housing for farm workers
and their families.

Through Rural Development's business and cooperative loan, grant and technical
assistance programs, the agency helped about 9,700 rural small business owners
or farmers improve their enterprises in 2012. Business and cooperative program
funding created or saved more than 53,000 rural jobs in 2012. Rural Development
provided slightly more than $1 billion in Business and Industry loan guarantees,
$25.5 million in Rural Business Enterprise grants, $50.3 million in Rural
Economic Development loans and grants, $17.5 million in Intermediary Relending
Program loans, and $40.4 million in Value Added Producer Grants in 2012.

For example, a $1,000,000 Rural Economic Development Loan and $300,000 Rural
Economic Development Grant to Missouri's Ralls County Electric Cooperative is
facilitating the construction of a Higher Education Center in Hannibal, Missouri
by Moberly Area Community College (MACC). MACC is leveraging the Rural Economic
Development funds with a Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) grant of
$1,275,240, a MACC contribution of $1,000,000, a Hannibal community contribution
of $900,918 and a Ralls County Electric Cooperative loan of $60,000.

The 16,890 square feet MACC Higher Education Center will house educational and
administrative space. Included in center will be classrooms, a library, student
lounge, faculty and staff offices and building support. The center will have the
latest in education-. al resources and technology. For additional information on
Rural Development projects, please visit Rural Development's new interactive web
map featuring program funding and success stories for the past four fiscal
years. The data can be found at: http://www.rurdev.
usda.gov/RDSuccessSto-ries.html.

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MCA

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2013 Monroe County Appeal


                              111 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 22, 2016 Thursday

Washington: Klobuchar, Franken, Peterson Announce Over $6 Million for Water,
Sewer, and Storm Systems Improvements for Brownton

LENGTH: 248  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Collin Peterson has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Senators Amy Klobuchar and Al Franken, along with Representative Collin
Peterson, today announced that the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) has
awarded the City of Brownton a loan of $5,309,000 and a grant of $724,000 for
water, sewer, and storm systems improvements.





 "Investing in our water and waste infrastructure is a down payment on the
long-term well-being of our communities," Klobuchar said. "This investment will
benefit the people and businesses of Brownton."



 "Upgrading our rural infrastructure strengthens our economy and improves public
health," Franken said. "And this year, during my 'Rural Infrastructure Listening
Tour' of Minnesota, I've heard from many rural communities about the
infrastructure improvements they need. I'm pleased that Brownton will receive
this new support to strengthen their water, sewer, and storm systems."



 "This funding will help Brownton make important infrastructure improvements,"
Peterson said. "This will ensure the city's residents continued access to safe
drinking water."



 This investment is made through USDA Rural Development's Water and Waste
Disposal Loan and Grant Program, which provides assistance and financing to
develop drinking water and waste disposal systems for communities with 10,000 or
fewer residents.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              112 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 11, 2016 Friday

Washington: Collins, King Announce $3.2 Million Investment for Anson and Madison
Water District

LENGTH: 239  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Senator Angus King has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Senators Susan Collins and Angus King today announced a $3.2 million
investment from the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) to support the work of
the Anson and Madison Water District as it replaces a 12 mile long water
transmission main in Somerset County. The investment is comprised of a $800,000
grant and a $2.4 million loan.





 "Clean and accessible water is essential to the health and safety of our
communities," Senators Collins and King said in a joint statement. "Upgrading
the transmission main for the Anson and Madison Water District will help ensure
a high standard of public health for area residents, and we commend the USDA for
supporting this important investment."



 The Anson and Madison Water District system serves approximately 1,600
households and 105 businesses and public facilities in Somerset County. The 12
mile long transmission main carries both raw and treated water and the project
will replace approximately 19,000 feet of the main. Under the jurisdiction of
the USDA, the Rural Development agency is committed to helping improve the
economy and quality of life in rural America. The Rural Development agency has
awarded the funding through its Water and Waste Disposal Loan and Grant program.




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              113 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 11, 2016 Friday

Washington: Collins, King Announce $3.2 Million Investment for Anson and Madison
Water District

LENGTH: 240  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Senator Susan Collins has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Senators Susan Collins and Angus King today announced a $3.2 million
investment from the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) to support the work of
the Anson and Madison Water District as it replaces a 12 mile long water
transmission main in Somerset County. The investment is comprised of a $800,000
grant and a $2.4 million loan.





 "Clean and accessible water is essential to the health and safety of our
communities," Senators Collins and King said in a joint statement. "Upgrading
the transmission main for the Anson and Madison Water District will help ensure
a high standard of public health for area residents, and we commend the USDA for
supporting this important investment."



 The Anson and Madison Water District system serves approximately 1,600
households and 105 businesses and public facilities in Somerset County. The 12
mile long transmission main carries both raw and treated water and the project
will replace approximately 19,000 feet of the main. Under the jurisdiction of
the USDA, the Rural Development agency is committed to helping improve the
economy and quality of life in rural America. The Rural Development agency has
awarded the funding through its Water and Waste Disposal Loan and Grant program.




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              114 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 28, 2016 Saturday

Washington: Hoeven: USDA Approves Loan, Grant Totaling $5 Million for Water
Infrastructure Improvement

LENGTH: 189  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator John Hoeven has issued the following news
release:



 Senator John Hoeven, a member of the U.S. Senate Agriculture Committee and
Agriculture Appropriations Subcommittee, today announced that the U.S.
Department of Agriculture's (USDA) Rural Development has approved a loan of
$2,771,000 and a grant of $2,229,000 to remove and replace existing sanitary
sewer mains and water mains in the City of New England in Hettinger County. The
loan is made available from USDA's Water and Waste Disposal Loan Program and the
grant is made available through USDA's Water and Waste Disposal Rural Energy for
America Program (REAP).





 "One of the most important ways we can support development in the rural parts
of our state is to invest in infrastructure that will help communities to grow
and thrive," Hoeven said. "Today's USDA funds will do just that by removing and
replacing sanitary sewer and water mains in Hettinger County, which will allow
residents to have safe and reliable sanitation."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              115 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            July 13, 2016 Wednesday

Regulatory update: Indiana Utility Regulatory Commission; OFFICE OF THE UTILITY
CONSUMER COUNSELOR, has issued (44754) Legal filing for Cause #44754-NONE filed
by OFFICE OF THE UTILITY CONSUMER COUNSELOR

LENGTH: 1865  words

DATELINE: New York



 Indianapolis: Indiana Utility Regulatory Commission has issued the following
document :



 STATE OF INDIANA

 INDIANA UTILITY REGULATORY COMMISSION

 PETITION OF SOUTHWESTERN BARTHOLOMEW )

 WATER CORPORATION FOR AUTHORITY TO )

 CHANGE ITS RATES AND TARIFF, AND TO ) CAUSE NO. 44754

 AUTHORIZE THE ISSUANCE OF LONG-TERM )

 DEBT. )



 SETTLEMENT TESTIMONY OF

 EDWARD R. KAUFMAN - PUBLIC'S EXHIBIT NO. 3

 ON BEHALF OF THE

 INDIANA OFFICE OF UTILITY CONSUMER COUNSELOR

 JULY 7, 2016

 Respectfully submitted,

 . Reed

 ey No. 11651-49

 Deputy Consumer Counselor

 Public's Exhibit No. 3

 Cause No. 44754

 Page 1 of 7

 SETTLEMENT TESTIMONY OF OUCC WITNESS

 EDWARD R. KAUFMAN, CRRA

 CAUSE NO. 44754

 SOUTHWESTERN BARTHOLOMEW WATER COMPANY

 I. INTRODUCTION

 Q: Please state your n 1 ame and business address.

 2 A: My name is Edward R. Kaufman, and my business address is 115 W. Washington


 3 St., Suite 1500 South, Indianapolis, IN 46204

 4 Q: By whom are you employed and in what capacity?

 5 A: I am employed by the Indiana Office of Utility Consumer Counselor ("OUCC")
as

 6 a Chief Technical Advisor with the Water-Wastewater Division. My
qualifications

 7 and experience are set forth in Appendix A.

 8 Q: What is the purpose of your testimony?

 9 A: I recommend approval of the Settlement Agreement, and specifically address


 10 Southwest Bartholomew's ("Petitioner" or "SWBWC") proposed debt issuance,

 11 adjustments, reporting requirements and debt service reserve restrictions
included

 12 in the Settlement Agreement.

 13 Q: Do you have any attachments?

 14 A: Yes. Attachment ERK-1 is a copy of a memo from the United States
Department

 15 of Agriculture that provides interest rates for Water and Waste Disposal
loans.

 II. ANNUAL DEBT SERVICE

 16 Q: Please describe Petitioner's proposed debt issuance.

 17 A: Petitioner proposes to borrow $2,230,140 for specified capital projects
through the

 18 United States Department of Agriculture ("USDA"), Rural Development ("RD"),

 Public's Exhibit No. 3

 Cause No. 44754

 Page 2 of 7

 Water & Waste Disposal Loan & Grant Program. 1 The annual debt service on

 2 Petitioner's new debt, as proposed, would be $103,672. Petitioner existing
debt

 3 service is $182,616 is per year. This would lead to a combined debt service
of

 4 $286,288.

 5 Q: How does the Settlement Agreement address Petitioner's proposed

 6 borrowing?

 7 A: The Settlement includes a lower, more current RD loan interest rate of
2.875%

 8 (Attachment ERK 1), but also includes Petitioner's proposed 25 basis point
cushion

 9 as interest rates may increase before Petitioner closes on its proposed loan.


 10 Therefore, the Settlement uses a 3.125% interest rate (2.875 + .25 = 3.125)
to

 11 calculate Petitioner's annual debt service. This produces an annual debt
service of

 12 approximately $97,750 per year, a reduction of $5,922 annually.

 13 Q: Are the proposed interest rates a cap on Petitioner's authority to borrow


 14 funds?

 15 A: No. The OUCC's proposed amortization schedule uses rates that are a more

 16 reasonable match to the anticipated interest rates for Petitioner's proposed
debt.

 17 They are not a cap on Petitioner's proposed authority to borrow funds. The
parties

 18 have a agreed that Petitioner should have Commission authority to borrow its


 19 proposed debt at a maximum interest rate of 4.0% Debt Timing

 20 Q: When does Petitioner anticipate it will issue its proposed debt?

 21 A: According to page 4 of Mr. Mullikin's testimony, Petitioner will not
close on its

 22 Rural Development loan until June 2017.

 Public's Exhibit No. 3

 Cause No. 44754

 Page 3 of 7

 Q: Will there be a gap between the time Petitioner receives 1 an order in this
Cause

 2 and when it issues its proposed debt?

 3 A: Yes. According to Mr. Seever's testimony, Petitioner will use interim
financing to

 4 fund construction costs until it closes on its RD Loan. Moreover, interest
costs

 5 incurred during this time will be capitalized and included as part of the
project costs.

 6 Q: How does the Settlement Agreement address this issue?

 7 A: According to Petitioner's PER Construction will be substantially complete
one

 8 month prior to when Petitioner will close on its proposed loan with RD. Based
on

 9 discussions with RD it is my understanding that "Construction Substantially

 10 Complete" is a term of art used by RD and the water construction industry.

 11 Pursuant to the Settlement Agreement, the Phase 2 rate increase should be

 12 implemented no more than 60 days before the final closing on such RD debt.
This

 13 will ensure that Petitioner's Phase II rates go into effect prior to
closing, but also

 14 minimizes the time that Phase II rates will be in effect prior to Petitioner
incurring

 15 an expense on its proposed debt.

 A. True-up and Other Issues

 16 Q: Does the Settlement Agreement include reporting requirements related to
the

 17 proposed debt issuance?

 18 A: Yes. Petitioner should be allowed to implement Phase 2 rates without
further

 19 hearing if it provides information on the actual amount borrowed from RD,
the final

 20 interest rate required by RD, and any other final terms required by RD for
purposes

 21 of closing the loan. Such information should include any material provided
by RD,

 22 a certificate of Petitioner's financial advisor on the terms agreed to by
Petitioner

 23 and RD, and a final draft tariff reflecting the implementation of the Phase
2 rates

 Public's Exhibit No. 3

 Cause No. 44754

 Page 4 of 7

 for purposes of providing sufficient funds to repay 1 RD over a 40-year period
and

 2 to establish appropriate debt service reserves as required by RD. The OUCC
has

 3 10 business days to review such information before the Phase 2 rates are

 4 implemented. If further proceedings are required in this Cause prior to the

 5 implementation of Phase 2 rates; the OUCC will file a Motion with the
Commission

 6 explaining why further proceedings are necessary within the 10 business-day

 7 period.

 8 Q: Does the Settlement Agreement include other conditions on Petitioner's

 9 proposed debt issuance?

 10 A: Yes. To the extent that the amount of long-term debt authorized by the
maximum

 11 amount described above is not needed for the capital improvement project,
the

 12 remaining amount shall expire within 60 days following the date of closing
with

 13 RD.

 B. Debt Service Reserve

 14 Q: Is Petitioner seeking to recover funds for the debt service reserve on
its

 15 proposed 2016 bonds through rates?

 16 A: Yes. Petitioner's proposed rates include $10,367 per year to fund its
debt service

 17 reserve for its 2017 bonds.

 18 Q: How does the Settlement Agreement address Petitioner's debt service
reserve

 19 calculation?

 20 A: The Settlement Agreement includes annual debt service payment of $97,750
with

 21 annual debt service reserve payments of $9,775. To the extent that
Petitioner needs

 22 to withdraw money from the debt service reserve for payments not associated
with

 23 the repayment of RD or these capital improvement projects, Petitioner will
notify

 Public's Exhibit No. 3

 Cause No. 44754

 Page 5 of 7

 the OUCC within five business days after 1 such funds have been withdrawn,

 2 describing the reason for such withdrawal.

 III. OUCC RECOMMENDATIONS

 3 Q: Please summarize your recommendations to the Commission in this Cause.

 A: I recommend the Commission approve the Settlement Agreement in its entirety.


 Specifically, I recommend Petitioner be authorized to issue up to $2,235,000 in


 long-term at a maximum interest rate of 4.0% and that the Commission include in


 Petitioner's rates $97,750 for the annual debt service on its proposed 2017
Bonds,

 all subject to all terms and conditions included in the Settlement Agreement.

 4 Q: Does this conclude your testimony?

 5 A: Yes.

 Public's Exhibit No. 3

 Cause No. 44754

 Page 6 of 7

 IV. APPENDIX A

 QUALIFICATIONS

 Q: Please describe your educational 1 background and experience.

 2 A: I graduated from Bentley College in Waltham, Massachusetts with a
Bachelors

 3 degree in Economics/Finance and an Associates degree in Accounting. Before

 4 attending graduate school, I worked as an escheatable property accountant at
State

 5 Street Bank and Trust Company in Boston, Massachusetts. I was awarded a

 6 graduate fellowship to attend Purdue University where I earned a Masters of

 7 Science degree in Management with a concentration in finance.

 8 I was hired as a Utility Analyst in the Economics and Finance Division of

 9 the OUCC in October 1990. My primary areas of responsibility have been in
utility

 10 finance, utility cost of capital, and regulatory policy. I was promoted to
Principal

 11 Utility Analyst in August 1993 and to Assistant Chief of Economics and
Finance

 12 in July 1994. As part of an agency wide reorganization in July 1999, my
position

 13 was reclassified as Lead Financial Analyst within the Rates/Water/Sewer
Division.

 14 In October, 2005 I was promoted to Assistant Director of the Water/
Wastewater

 15 Division. In October 2012, I was promoted to Chief Technical Advisor. I have


 16 participated in numerous conferences and seminars regarding utility
regulation and

 17 financial issues. I was awarded the professional designation of Certified
Rate of

 18 Return Analyst ("CRRA") by the Society of Utility and Regulatory Financial

 19 Analysts ("SURFA"). This designation is awarded based upon experience and
the

 20 successful completion of a written examination. In April 2012, I was elected
to

 21 SURFA's Board of Directors.

 Public's Exhibit No. 3

 Cause No. 44754

 Page 7 of 7

 Q: Have you previously testified before the 1 Indiana Utility Regulatory

 2 Commission?

 3 A: Yes. I have testified before the Indiana Utility Regulatory Commission

 4 ("Commission") in a number of different cases and issues. I have testified in
water,

 5 wastewater, natural gas, telecommunication and electric utility cases. While
my

 6 primary areas of responsibility have been in cost of equity, utility
financing, fair

 7 value, utility valuation and regulatory policy, I have also provided
testimony on

 8 trackers, guaranteed performance contracts, declining consumption
adjustments,

 9 and other issues.

 10 Q: Please describe the review and analysis you conducted to prepare your

 11 testimony.

 12 A: I reviewed the Petition, testimony, and exhibits filed by Petitioner in
this Cause. I

 13 participated in conducting discovery, reviewed Petitioner's responses and

 14 discussed case issues with other OUCC staff. Finally, I reviewed
publications

 15 such as Value Line which provide forecasted interest rates.

 AFFIRMATION

 I affirm, under the penalties for perjury, that the foregoing representations
are true.

 July 7, 2016

 Date

 CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE

 This is to certify that a copy of the foregoing OUCC's Settlement Testimony of
Edward

 R. Kaufman has been served upon the following counsel of record in the
captioned proceeding by

 electronic service on July 7, 2016.

 L. Parvin Price

 Bose McKinney & Evans LLP

 111 Monument Circle, Suite 2700

 Indianapolis, IN 46204

 pprice@boselaw.com

 INDIANA OFFICE OF UTILITY CONSUMER COUNSELOR

 115 West Washington Street

 Suite 1500 South

 Indianapolis, IN 46204

 infomgt@oucc.in.gov

 317 /232-2494 - Phone

 317 /232-5923 - Facsimile



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              116 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            July 13, 2016 Wednesday

Regulatory update: Indiana Utility Regulatory Commission;OFFICE OF THE UTILITY
CONSUMER COUNSELOR , has issued (44754) Legal filing for Cause #-NONE filed by
OFFICE OF THE UTILITY CONSUMER COUNSELOR

LENGTH: 1865  words

DATELINE: New York



 Indianapolis: Indiana Utility Regulatory Commission has issued the following
document :



 STATE OF INDIANA

 INDIANA UTILITY REGULATORY COMMISSION

 PETITION OF SOUTHWESTERN BARTHOLOMEW )

 WATER CORPORATION FOR AUTHORITY TO )

 CHANGE ITS RATES AND TARIFF, AND TO ) CAUSE NO. 44754

 AUTHORIZE THE ISSUANCE OF LONG-TERM )

 DEBT. )



 SETTLEMENT TESTIMONY OF

 EDWARD R. KAUFMAN - PUBLIC'S EXHIBIT NO. 3

 ON BEHALF OF THE

 INDIANA OFFICE OF UTILITY CONSUMER COUNSELOR

 JULY 7, 2016

 Respectfully submitted,

 . Reed

 ey No. 11651-49

 Deputy Consumer Counselor

 Public's Exhibit No. 3

 Cause No. 44754

 Page 1 of 7

 SETTLEMENT TESTIMONY OF OUCC WITNESS

 EDWARD R. KAUFMAN, CRRA

 CAUSE NO. 44754

 SOUTHWESTERN BARTHOLOMEW WATER COMPANY

 I. INTRODUCTION

 Q: Please state your n 1 ame and business address.

 2 A: My name is Edward R. Kaufman, and my business address is 115 W. Washington


 3 St., Suite 1500 South, Indianapolis, IN 46204

 4 Q: By whom are you employed and in what capacity?

 5 A: I am employed by the Indiana Office of Utility Consumer Counselor ("OUCC")
as

 6 a Chief Technical Advisor with the Water-Wastewater Division. My
qualifications

 7 and experience are set forth in Appendix A.

 8 Q: What is the purpose of your testimony?

 9 A: I recommend approval of the Settlement Agreement, and specifically address


 10 Southwest Bartholomew's ("Petitioner" or "SWBWC") proposed debt issuance,

 11 adjustments, reporting requirements and debt service reserve restrictions
included

 12 in the Settlement Agreement.

 13 Q: Do you have any attachments?

 14 A: Yes. Attachment ERK-1 is a copy of a memo from the United States
Department

 15 of Agriculture that provides interest rates for Water and Waste Disposal
loans.

 II. ANNUAL DEBT SERVICE

 16 Q: Please describe Petitioner's proposed debt issuance.

 17 A: Petitioner proposes to borrow $2,230,140 for specified capital projects
through the

 18 United States Department of Agriculture ("USDA"), Rural Development ("RD"),

 Public's Exhibit No. 3

 Cause No. 44754

 Page 2 of 7

 Water & Waste Disposal Loan & Grant Program. 1 The annual debt service on

 2 Petitioner's new debt, as proposed, would be $103,672. Petitioner existing
debt

 3 service is $182,616 is per year. This would lead to a combined debt service
of

 4 $286,288.

 5 Q: How does the Settlement Agreement address Petitioner's proposed

 6 borrowing?

 7 A: The Settlement includes a lower, more current RD loan interest rate of
2.875%

 8 (Attachment ERK 1), but also includes Petitioner's proposed 25 basis point
cushion

 9 as interest rates may increase before Petitioner closes on its proposed loan.


 10 Therefore, the Settlement uses a 3.125% interest rate (2.875 + .25 = 3.125)
to

 11 calculate Petitioner's annual debt service. This produces an annual debt
service of

 12 approximately $97,750 per year, a reduction of $5,922 annually.

 13 Q: Are the proposed interest rates a cap on Petitioner's authority to borrow


 14 funds?

 15 A: No. The OUCC's proposed amortization schedule uses rates that are a more

 16 reasonable match to the anticipated interest rates for Petitioner's proposed
debt.

 17 They are not a cap on Petitioner's proposed authority to borrow funds. The
parties

 18 have a agreed that Petitioner should have Commission authority to borrow its


 19 proposed debt at a maximum interest rate of 4.0% Debt Timing

 20 Q: When does Petitioner anticipate it will issue its proposed debt?

 21 A: According to page 4 of Mr. Mullikin's testimony, Petitioner will not
close on its

 22 Rural Development loan until June 2017.

 Public's Exhibit No. 3

 Cause No. 44754

 Page 3 of 7

 Q: Will there be a gap between the time Petitioner receives 1 an order in this
Cause

 2 and when it issues its proposed debt?

 3 A: Yes. According to Mr. Seever's testimony, Petitioner will use interim
financing to

 4 fund construction costs until it closes on its RD Loan. Moreover, interest
costs

 5 incurred during this time will be capitalized and included as part of the
project costs.

 6 Q: How does the Settlement Agreement address this issue?

 7 A: According to Petitioner's PER Construction will be substantially complete
one

 8 month prior to when Petitioner will close on its proposed loan with RD. Based
on

 9 discussions with RD it is my understanding that "Construction Substantially

 10 Complete" is a term of art used by RD and the water construction industry.

 11 Pursuant to the Settlement Agreement, the Phase 2 rate increase should be

 12 implemented no more than 60 days before the final closing on such RD debt.
This

 13 will ensure that Petitioner's Phase II rates go into effect prior to
closing, but also

 14 minimizes the time that Phase II rates will be in effect prior to Petitioner
incurring

 15 an expense on its proposed debt.

 A. True-up and Other Issues

 16 Q: Does the Settlement Agreement include reporting requirements related to
the

 17 proposed debt issuance?

 18 A: Yes. Petitioner should be allowed to implement Phase 2 rates without
further

 19 hearing if it provides information on the actual amount borrowed from RD,
the final

 20 interest rate required by RD, and any other final terms required by RD for
purposes

 21 of closing the loan. Such information should include any material provided
by RD,

 22 a certificate of Petitioner's financial advisor on the terms agreed to by
Petitioner

 23 and RD, and a final draft tariff reflecting the implementation of the Phase
2 rates

 Public's Exhibit No. 3

 Cause No. 44754

 Page 4 of 7

 for purposes of providing sufficient funds to repay 1 RD over a 40-year period
and

 2 to establish appropriate debt service reserves as required by RD. The OUCC
has

 3 10 business days to review such information before the Phase 2 rates are

 4 implemented. If further proceedings are required in this Cause prior to the

 5 implementation of Phase 2 rates; the OUCC will file a Motion with the
Commission

 6 explaining why further proceedings are necessary within the 10 business-day

 7 period.

 8 Q: Does the Settlement Agreement include other conditions on Petitioner's

 9 proposed debt issuance?

 10 A: Yes. To the extent that the amount of long-term debt authorized by the
maximum

 11 amount described above is not needed for the capital improvement project,
the

 12 remaining amount shall expire within 60 days following the date of closing
with

 13 RD.

 B. Debt Service Reserve

 14 Q: Is Petitioner seeking to recover funds for the debt service reserve on
its

 15 proposed 2016 bonds through rates?

 16 A: Yes. Petitioner's proposed rates include $10,367 per year to fund its
debt service

 17 reserve for its 2017 bonds.

 18 Q: How does the Settlement Agreement address Petitioner's debt service
reserve

 19 calculation?

 20 A: The Settlement Agreement includes annual debt service payment of $97,750
with

 21 annual debt service reserve payments of $9,775. To the extent that
Petitioner needs

 22 to withdraw money from the debt service reserve for payments not associated
with

 23 the repayment of RD or these capital improvement projects, Petitioner will
notify

 Public's Exhibit No. 3

 Cause No. 44754

 Page 5 of 7

 the OUCC within five business days after 1 such funds have been withdrawn,

 2 describing the reason for such withdrawal.

 III. OUCC RECOMMENDATIONS

 3 Q: Please summarize your recommendations to the Commission in this Cause.

 A: I recommend the Commission approve the Settlement Agreement in its entirety.


 Specifically, I recommend Petitioner be authorized to issue up to $2,235,000 in


 long-term at a maximum interest rate of 4.0% and that the Commission include in


 Petitioner's rates $97,750 for the annual debt service on its proposed 2017
Bonds,

 all subject to all terms and conditions included in the Settlement Agreement.

 4 Q: Does this conclude your testimony?

 5 A: Yes.

 Public's Exhibit No. 3

 Cause No. 44754

 Page 6 of 7

 IV. APPENDIX A

 QUALIFICATIONS

 Q: Please describe your educational 1 background and experience.

 2 A: I graduated from Bentley College in Waltham, Massachusetts with a
Bachelors

 3 degree in Economics/Finance and an Associates degree in Accounting. Before

 4 attending graduate school, I worked as an escheatable property accountant at
State

 5 Street Bank and Trust Company in Boston, Massachusetts. I was awarded a

 6 graduate fellowship to attend Purdue University where I earned a Masters of

 7 Science degree in Management with a concentration in finance.

 8 I was hired as a Utility Analyst in the Economics and Finance Division of

 9 the OUCC in October 1990. My primary areas of responsibility have been in
utility

 10 finance, utility cost of capital, and regulatory policy. I was promoted to
Principal

 11 Utility Analyst in August 1993 and to Assistant Chief of Economics and
Finance

 12 in July 1994. As part of an agency wide reorganization in July 1999, my
position

 13 was reclassified as Lead Financial Analyst within the Rates/Water/Sewer
Division.

 14 In October, 2005 I was promoted to Assistant Director of the Water/
Wastewater

 15 Division. In October 2012, I was promoted to Chief Technical Advisor. I have


 16 participated in numerous conferences and seminars regarding utility
regulation and

 17 financial issues. I was awarded the professional designation of Certified
Rate of

 18 Return Analyst ("CRRA") by the Society of Utility and Regulatory Financial

 19 Analysts ("SURFA"). This designation is awarded based upon experience and
the

 20 successful completion of a written examination. In April 2012, I was elected
to

 21 SURFA's Board of Directors.

 Public's Exhibit No. 3

 Cause No. 44754

 Page 7 of 7

 Q: Have you previously testified before the 1 Indiana Utility Regulatory

 2 Commission?

 3 A: Yes. I have testified before the Indiana Utility Regulatory Commission

 4 ("Commission") in a number of different cases and issues. I have testified in
water,

 5 wastewater, natural gas, telecommunication and electric utility cases. While
my

 6 primary areas of responsibility have been in cost of equity, utility
financing, fair

 7 value, utility valuation and regulatory policy, I have also provided
testimony on

 8 trackers, guaranteed performance contracts, declining consumption
adjustments,

 9 and other issues.

 10 Q: Please describe the review and analysis you conducted to prepare your

 11 testimony.

 12 A: I reviewed the Petition, testimony, and exhibits filed by Petitioner in
this Cause. I

 13 participated in conducting discovery, reviewed Petitioner's responses and

 14 discussed case issues with other OUCC staff. Finally, I reviewed
publications

 15 such as Value Line which provide forecasted interest rates.

 AFFIRMATION

 I affirm, under the penalties for perjury, that the foregoing representations
are true.

 July 7, 2016

 Date

 CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE

 This is to certify that a copy of the foregoing OUCC's Settlement Testimony of
Edward

 R. Kaufman has been served upon the following counsel of record in the
captioned proceeding by

 electronic service on July 7, 2016.

 L. Parvin Price

 Bose McKinney & Evans LLP

 111 Monument Circle, Suite 2700

 Indianapolis, IN 46204

 pprice@boselaw.com

 INDIANA OFFICE OF UTILITY CONSUMER COUNSELOR

 115 West Washington Street

 Suite 1500 South

 Indianapolis, IN 46204

 infomgt@oucc.in.gov

 317 /232-2494 - Phone

 317 /232-5923 - Facsimile



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              117 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 2, 2014 Wednesday

Agriculture, Rural Housing Service: Loan Specialist (Commercial VT-2014-4919

LENGTH: 3163  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of Personnel Management has issued the following job announcement:

Job Title:Loan Specialist (Commercial)

Department:Department Of Agriculture

Agency:Agriculture, Rural Housing Service

Job Announcement Number:VT-2014-4919
SALARY RANGE:
 $47,488.00 to $89,450.00 / Per Year
OPEN PERIOD:
 Tuesday, July 1, 2014 to Friday, July 11, 2014
SERIES & GRADE:
 GS-1165-09/12
POSITION INFORMATION:
 Full-Time - Permanent
PROMOTION POTENTIAL:
12
DUTY LOCATIONS:
 1 vacancy - Saint Johnsbury, VT View Map
WHO MAY APPLY:
 Current permanent Federal employees with competitive status, reinstatement
eligibles, persons with disabilities, VEOA eligibles, certain military spouses,
30% or more disabled veterans, former Peace Corps or VISTA volunteers,
CTAP/ICTAP eligibles,  Farm Service Agency permanent county employees and those
eligible for other Special Hiring Authorities.
SECURITY CLEARANCE:
 Q - Nonsensitive
SUPERVISORY STATUS:
 No
JOB SUMMARY:

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural Development Agency serves rural
communities throughout the country by investing in their communities through
housing and utility infrastructure, by increasing economic opportunity, and by
improving the quality of life for all rural Americans.  Rural Development
provides over 40 loan and grant programs in the Rural Housing and Community
Facilities Services, Rural Business and Cooperative Services, and Rural
Utilities Service. Rural Development supports a positive work environment and
promotes diversity and inclusion for nearly 5,000 employees.

Rural Development is a dynamic organization recruiting for employees who possess
the energy, compassion, and commitment to serve those in rural communities and
will enjoy working in a fast paced and results driven organization.  Our
commitment is to expand economic opportunity and quality of life in all of rural
America by providing financial programs to support essential public facilities
and services such as water and sewer systems, housing, health clinics, emergency
service facilities and electric and telephone service.  Rural Development offers
a friendly and professional working environment and such excellent benefits as:
a generous salary, alternative work schedules, paid vacation and sick leave,
paid holidays, retirement and supplemental savings plan, a wide array of health,
dental, vision, and life insurance plans, flexible spending accounts, and
long-term care insurance.

Merit Only

TRAVEL REQUIRED

Occasional Travel
    Local travel within VT/NH as required

RELOCATION AUTHORIZED

No

KEY REQUIREMENTS

Must meet time-in-grade requirements

DUTIES:
Back to top

Serves as agency contact on the full range of loan making and servicing actions
and outreach activities for a designated region.
    Primarily serves the Community Facility and Water & Waste Disposal loan and
grant programs to include final recommendation of loan and grant actions.
    Processes and approves or recommends for approval a variety of requests for
special servicing actions including transfers, consolidations and
reamortizations.
    Provides guidance to borrowers, grantees and applicants.
    Develops and presents training to borrowers.
    Provides assistance to other Loan Specialists and support staff when
necessary.
    May be responsible for other agency loan/grant programs in support of the
VT/NH jurisdiction's mission needs.

QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED:
Back to top

For GS-9: Applicants must have 1 year of specialized experience equivalent to at
least the GS-07 level. Specialized experience includes demonstrating a working
knowledge of realty, commercial, community and/or other types of technical
loans, competence in reviewing loan application packages for commercial, bank
and/or mortgage loans and taking action within delegated loan approval
authority; competence servicing a loan portfolio of a bank, rural development or
loan association; or similar work; OR a master's or equivalent graduate degree
in a related study; OR 2 full years of progressively higher level graduate
education leading to such a degree; OR LL.B. or J.D., if related

For GS-11: Applicants must have 1 year of specialized experience equivalent to
at least the GS-09. Specialized experience includes experience that demonstrates
knowledge and understanding of loan making/servicing and credit principles and
practices in order to assess the fundamental soundness of loans and recommend
approval of commercial loans and/or commercial loan servicing actions.
Experience may have been gained in work equivalent to analyzing financial
information provided by loan and/or grant applications, determining eligibility
for loans and/or grants and repayment ability to make approval recommendation to
a senior employee or underwriter for commercial loans; OR Ph.D. or equivalent
doctoral degree or 3 full years of progressively higher level graduate education
leading to such a degree or LL.M., if related OR a combination of education as
described and specialized experience.

For GS-12: Applicants must have 1 year of specialized experience equivalent to
at least the GS-11. Specialized experience includes experience that demonstrates
knowledge and understanding of loan making/servicing and credit principles and
practices in order to assess the fundamental soundness of loans and grants and
approve or recommend approval of commercial loans and/or commercial loan
servicing actions. Experience may have been gained in work equivalent to
analyzing financial information provided by loan and grant applications,
determining eligibility for loans and grants and repayment ability to approve
complex commercial loans. There is no substitution of education for experience
at the GS-12 level.

NOTE: To be considered for this position, you must meet all qualification and
eligibility requirements for the GS-1165 series set forth in the Office of
Personnel Management (OPM) Qualification Standards by the closing date of the
announcement. A copy is available at: www.opm.gov/qualifications/index.asp


See educational requirements under "Qualifications Required."

o  CONFIDENTIAL FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE REPORT: If selected, you will be required
to submit Form OGE-450 within 30 days of your initial appointment date, and
annually thereafter. Selectee is subject to financial Disclosure Requirements in
accordance with 5 CFR, Part 2635, Sub part E regarding business or personal
transactions with applicants, borrowers, or business contacts who have or who
are seeking business with this Agency. Selectee must be able to obtain and
maintain a security clearance. If selected you will be subject to a National
Agency Check and Inquiry (NACI) and a credit report.
o  To be eligible for appointment to this position, the new hire must be cleared
to come on board once the results of the fingerprint check, review of the
OF-306, Declaration for Federal Employment, and the candidate's Electronic
Questionnaires for Investigations Processing (eQIP) entries have been reviewed
and determined to be satisfactory.  This position requires a favorable credit
check as part of the background investigation.
HOW YOU WILL BE EVALUATED:

You will be evaluated based on your qualifications for this position as
evidenced by the education, experience, and training you described in your
application package, as well as the responses to the Occupational Questionnaire
to determine the degree to which you possess the knowledge, skills, abilities
and competencies listed below:
            Knowledge of housing, commercial, community programs loan/grant
making requirements.
            Knowledge of housing, commercial, community programs servicing
requirements.
            Program administration/project management
            Oral Communication
            Written Communication
    We will review your application, including the online Occupational
Questionnaire, to ensure you meet the job requirements and assess your ability
to perform this job. Before any certificate can be issued to the selecting
official, the resume and supporting documents are reviewed by an HR Specialist
to ensure that (a) minimum qualification requirements are met and (b) the resume
supports the answers provided to the job-specific questions. Your answers will
be verified against information provided in your online resume and application.
Be sure that your resume clearly supports your responses to all the questions
addressing experience and education relevant to this position.
    Applicants who meet the basic minimum qualification requirements and are
determined to be among the best qualified candidates will be referred to the
hiring manager for consideration. Non-Competitive candidates need to meet
minimum qualification requirements to be referred.

Note: If, after reviewing your resume and / or supporting documentation, a
determination is made that you have inflated your qualifications and or
experience, your score can / will be lowered to more accurately reflect the
submitted documentation. Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or
omissions may affect your rating. Deliberate attempts to falsify information may
be grounds for not selecting you.

To view the application form, visit:
https://rhs.usda.ntis.gov/cp/?event=jobs.previewApplication&jobid=8c094515-ba0e-
4195-8318-a35600ca6367

BENEFITS:
Back to top

You can review our benefits at:
http://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/healthcare/enrollment/new-federal-employ
ee-enrollment/
The Federal Government offers a comprehensive benefits package.  Explore the
major benefits offered to most Federal employees at:
http://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/healthcare/enrollment/new-federal-employ
ee-enrollment/

OTHER INFORMATION:
o  BACKGROUND INVESTIGATION AND FINGERPRINT CHECK:  Selection and retention in
this position is contingent on a successfully adjudicated FBI National Criminal
History Check (fingerprint check) and a background investigation.
o  If you are selected for a position with further promotion potential, you will
be placed under a career development plan, and may be non-competitively promoted
if you successfully complete the requirements and if recommended by management.
However, promotion is neither implied nor guaranteed.
o  This position is eligible for telework and other flexible work arrangements.
Employee participation is at the discretion of the supervisor.
o  Relocation expenses are not authorized.
HOW TO APPLY:
Back to top

Please read the entire announcement and all the instructions before you begin.
The following instructions outline our application process.

You must complete this application process and submit all required documents
electronically by 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time (ET) on the closing date of this
announcement.
    We are available to assist you during business hours (normally 8:00 a.m. -
4:00 p.m., Monday - Friday). Applying online is highly encouraged. If applying
online poses a hardship, please contact our office during business hours well
before the closing date for an alternate method. All hardship application
packages with supporting documents must be submitted no later than noon on the
closing date of the announcement in order to be entered into the system prior to
its closing.
    This agency provides reasonable accommodation to applicants with
disabilities on a case-by-case basis; contact us if you are requesting this.

Step 1: Create a USAJOBS account (if you do not have one) at www.usajobs.gov. It
is recommended that as part of your profile you set up automatic email
notification to be informed when the status of your application changes. If you
choose not to set up this automatic notification, then you will have to log into
your USAJOBS account to check on the status of your application.


Step 2: Create a resume with USAJOBS or upload a resume into your USAJOBS
account. Customize your resume to ensure it documents duties and accomplishments
you have gained that are directly related to this position in order to verify
that qualifications are met. Your resume must support your responses to the
online questionnaire (you may preview the online questionnaire by clicking on
the link at the end of the How You Will Be Evaluated section of the job
announcement).

Step 3: Click "Apply Online" and follow the prompts to complete the Occupational
Questionnaire and attach any additional documents that may be required.
You can update your application or documents anytime while the announcement is
open. Log into your USAJOBS account and click on "Application Status." Click on
the position title, and then select "Update Application" to continue.
NOTE: Verify that uploaded documents from USAJOBs transfer into the Agency's
staffing system. Once in the Agency's staffing system you will have the
opportunity to upload additional documents. Uploaded documents must be less than
3MB and in one of the following document formats: GIF, JPG, JPEG, PNG, RTF, PDF,
or Word (DOC or DOCX).


REQUIRED DOCUMENTS:

A complete Application Package must be submitted and received prior to 11:59,
ET, on the closing date. The following documents are required for your
application package to be complete. Our office cannot be responsible for
incompatible software, illegible fax transmissions, delays in the mail service,
your system failure or downtime, etc. Failure to submit required, legible
documents may result in loss of consideration.

Resume that includes the following information: 1) personal information; 2)
education; 3) work experience including the work schedule and hours worked per
week as well as dates of employment; and title, series and grade if applicable;
4) supervisor's phone number and e-mail address for each work period listed and
whether or not we may contact them for reference checks; and, 5) other
qualifications.
    College Transcripts if education is required for meeting basic
qualifications and/or used as a substitute for specialized experience. An
unofficial copy is sufficient however, if selected; an official college
transcript will be required prior to entering on duty. Education must have been
successfully completed and obtained from an accredited school, college, or
university. Foreign education must be evaluated by an approved organization. For
additional information, refer to the U.S. Department of Education web site at
http://www.ed.gov. All transcripts must be in English or include an English
translation.

Other required documents as applicable:

Current/Former Career/Career-Conditional: Most recent non-award Notification of
Personnel Action (SF-50 or equivalent) showing that you are/were in the
competitive service, highest grade (or promotion potential) held on a permanent
basis, federal status, position title, series and grade AND most recently
completed performance appraisal (dated within 18 months) showing the official
rating of record, signed by the supervisor, or a statement as to why the
performance appraisal is unavailable. Do not submit a performance plan.
    Veteran Hiring Authorities: (VEOA, VRA, and 30% Disabled Veterans): DD-214
(Member 4 Copy). Disabled veterans must include your VA letter & SF-15 if
claiming 10 pt. preference. Current active duty members must submit a
certification that they are expected to be discharged or released from active
duty under honorable conditions not later than 120 days after the date the
certification is submitted.
    Schedule A, Persons with Disabilities: Schedule A letter from a physician,
local, state or federal rehabilitation office citing eligibility under 5 CFR
213.3102 (u).
    Certain Military Spouses under E.O. 13473: Verification of the marriage to
the service member (i.e., a marriage license or other legal documentation
verifying marriage), plus Permanent Change of Station: PCS orders issued within
the last 2 years, that: lists you as authorized to accompany the military member
to the new duty permanent station; the specific location; and the effective date
of the PCS OR Military disability of 100%: verification of the member's release
or discharge due to 100% disability (DD-214 and VA Letter) OR Death while
serving on active duty: 1) Verification of release or discharge due to death
(DD-214). 2) Verification of the member's death (DD-1300 and Death Certificate.
3) Statement certifying they are un-remarried widow or widower of the service
member.
    Foreign Service: Most recent Foreign Service Notification of Personnel
Action, showing that you were/are serving under an unlimited, career-type
appointment AND have completed at least 1 year of continuous service without a
break of a workday under one or more nontemporary Foreign Service appointments.

    CTAP/ICTAP: Certification of Expected Separation, Reduction-In-Force
Separation Notice, Notice of Proposed Removal, or appropriate OPM/Agency
certification; AND most recent performance evaluation; AND SF-50 demonstrating
your separation or the position from which you will be separated.
    Peace Corps/VISTA Volunteers: Documentation of no less than 24 months (Peace
Corps) or 1 year (VISTA) of continuous service and separated within 1 year of
completing the qualifying service.
    Peace Corps Staff: Documentation of no less than 36 months of continuous
service without a break in service of 3 days or more and separated within the 3
years of completing the qualifying service.
    Certain Family Members under E.O. 12721: Most recent non-award SF-50 and
performance appraisal.
    Interchange Agreement with Other Merit Systems: Documentation of eligibility
as listed in interchange agreement.
    Miscellaneous Authorities Not Regulated by the Office of Personnel
Management: (Postal Career Service Employees, Postal Service Commission
Employees, GAO, US Courts, etc.), Current Notification of Personnel Action (or
equivalent) that reflects your eligibility.
    Other Special Hiring Authorities: If you are claiming eligibility under a
Special Hiring Authority, you must submit supporting documents.

AGENCY CONTACT INFO:
Liz Gariepy
Phone: (413) 253-4313
Fax: (413) 253-4347
Email: liz.gariepy@ma.usda.gov
Agency Information:
USDA, Rural Development
451 West Street, Suite 2
Amherst, MA,
01002
USA
Fax: (413) 253-4347
WHAT TO EXPECT NEXT:
If you set up your USAJOBS account to send automatic email notifications, you
will receive an email acknowledging: 1) the submission of your online
Occupational Questionnaire and resume was successful,  2) if you were referred
to the selecting official for consideration, and  3) if you were selected or not
selected. If you choose not to set up automatic email notifications, you must
check your USAJOBS account for the latest status of your application. Your
application may be reviewed to verify that you meet the qualifications and
eligibility requirements for the position prior to issuing lists to a selecting
official. If further evaluation or interviews are required, you will be
contacted. Normally, a final job offer to the selected candidate is made within
30-60 days after the issuance of the certificate.

For more information please visit: https://www.usajobs.gov/

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              118 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 20, 2013 Thursday

Schumer, Gillibrand Announce $360,000 in Federal Funds to Improve Wastewater
Treatment Plant for Families, Businesses in Antwerp

LENGTH: 336  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Gillibrand, U.S Government has issued the following news
release:

U.S. Senators Charles E. Schumer and Kirsten Gillibrand announced federal
funding worth $360,000 for the Village of Antwerp to help finance a project to
make improvements to the existing wastewater treatment plant. The federal
funding is allocated through the U.S. Department of Agriculture - Rural
Development's Water and Waste Disposal Loan and Grant Program.

"Effectively supporting our rural communities with funding for clean water and
sewer treatment is pivotal for our community and our economy," said Senator
Schumer. "Completing water-quality projects in Antwerp will boost public health
and bring infrastructure jobs to the region, which will spur local economic
development, improving quality of life in the region."

"When we invest in key water infrastructure like this, we can deliver clean
drinking water to more Antwerp families, and help strengthen the local economy,"
Senator Gillibrand said. "Upgrading water infrastructure is an effective way to
attract new businesses and support new local jobs. And by making these
investments at the federal level, we can hold the line on property taxes to help
Antwerp families keep more of what they earn."

"The Federal and State funding we received will ensure the infrastructure of our
village, and will greatly relieve the financial burden that would be placed on
the hardworking taxpayers", said Calvin Jones, Mayor of the Village of Antwerp.
"The village would not have been able to undertake the project alone, but thanks
to the combined efforts of several individuals from Federal and State agencies
we will be able to complete this greatly needed project."

The Village of Antwerp is receiving a federal grant worth $360,000, along with
$2,910,000 in state funding to finance the water project, which will be used to
make improvements to the Village's existing wastewater treatment plant.

For further information please visit: http://www.gillibrand.senate.gov

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              119 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 22, 2016 Thursday

Washington: Klobuchar, Franken, Peterson Announce Over $2.2 Million for Water
and Wastewater Improvements for Echo

LENGTH: 288  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Collin Peterson has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Senators Amy Klobuchar and Al Franken, along with Representative Collin
Peterson, today announced that the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) has
awarded the City of Echo a loan of $1,162,000 and a grant of $1,121,000 for
water and wastewater improvements. The funds will be used to assist in providing
necessary improvements to their sanitary sewer collection lines, water
distribution system, and water tower.





 "Investing in public health not only creates job but it also lays the
groundwork for economic growth," Klobuchar said. "This investment will benefit
the citizens of Echo for years to come."



 "Upgrading our infrastructure strengthens our economy and improves public
health," Franken said. "And that's especially true for our communities in
Greater Minnesota. This year, during my 'Rural Infrastructure Listening Tour,'
I've heard from rural communities across Minnesota about the need to invest in
improvements to water and wastewater systems. I'm pleased that Echo will receive
this new support to do just that."



 "Investing in our communities ensures they stay strong for years to come,"
Peterson said. "This funding will provide Echo with the necessary resources to
make important infrastructure improvements that will benefit the local
community."



 This investment is made through USDA Rural Development's Water and Waste
Disposal Loan and Grant Program, which provides assistance and financing to
develop drinking water and waste disposal systems for communities with 10,000 or
fewer residents.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              120 of 159 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                           November 5, 2015 Thursday

Washington: Reid Announces $13 Million In Federal Wastewater Funding For Storey
County

LENGTH: 279  words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Washington: Office of the Senator Harry Reid has issued the following news
release:



 Nevada Senator Harry Reid announced that the USDA has awarded $9 million in
grant funding and a $4 million loan to Storey County to improve its wastewater
infrastructure. The funding will go toward replacing more than 13 miles of sewer
lines in Virginia City and the failing community septic system in Gold Hill.





 &ldquo;Water and wastewater improvements provide a foundation for a clean
environment and economic growth in rural communities, especially in Nevada. This
funding will provide much-needed improvements for Storey County and play a role
in rural Nevada&rsquo;s continued growth,&rdquo; Reid said. &ldquo;I thank the
USDA and Secretary Vilsak for working with me on projects that improve the lives
of Nevadans. I will continue to ensure that Nevada has the 21st century
infrastructure it needs to expand opportunity throughout the Silver
State.&rdquo;



 In 2014, with the Senate under Democratic control, Senator Reid led the charge
in passing a multi-year Farm Bill, which included critical investments that
helped the USDA continue to fund rural development. The USDA is currently
providing $299 million to 88 projects throughout the United States in the Water
and Waste Disposal Loan and Grant Program and $15 million for 53 grants under
the Emergency Community Water Assistance Grant program. This latest grant and
loan announcement builds on the $7 million in funding the USDA provided to
replace Virginia City&rsquo;s wastewater treatment plant in 2013.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              121 of 159 DOCUMENTS


                 The Daily Record of Rochester (Rochester, NY)

                            January 31, 2012 Tuesday

Sodus receives funding to improve water service

BYLINE: Daily Record Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 173  words


The town of Sodus is set to receive a $1.3 million Water and Waste Disposal Loan
and Grant through the U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural Development.

U.S. Sen. Charles E. Schumer said Monday that USDA Rural Development has
approved a loan of $838,000 and a grant of $500,000 for the installation of a
water main along Podger, Richardson, Tripp, Morse Hill and South Centenary Roads
in the town, an area that has been plagued by poor water quality and seasonal
quantity limitations during dry periods.

"This wise investment is a win-win that will provide cleaner drinking water and
reduce supply problems that have plagued the Sodus area," said Schumer.
"Moreover, it will create jobs in the short term even as it improves the
infrastructure necessary for future economic growth. "

The project will install 26,550 feet of 8-inch PVC water main and tie into the
town of Williamson with a master meter pit at the intersection of Podger and
Tripp Roads. The system will also tie into an existing water main in the town of
Sodus on Ridge Road.

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              122 of 159 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             June 19, 2012 Tuesday

Dexter receives $1.9 million to upgrade century-old water mains

BYLINE: Alex Barber BDN Staff

LENGTH: 263 words


DEXTER, Maine -- The Dexter Utility District has been awarded $1.9 million by
the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Rural Development agency to upgrade its
water mains.


A total of $1.1 million was awarded through a water and waste disposal loan,
while $800,000 came in grant funds, USDA Rural Development State Director
Virginia Manuel said Tuesday.


"This critical funding will assist Dexter Utility District in making necessary
upgrades to its water infrastructure, including the replacement of 100 year-old
water mains," Manuel said in a statement. "This work will help ensure the
reliability of the system for the town's residents, businesses and public
facilities as well as create construction and engineering jobs."


Randy Webber, superintendent of the Dexter Utility District, said the funds came
at the right time.


"We are so pleased to be able to partner with USDA Rural Development on this
important project. This funding will be instrumental in ensuring we can move
forward and complete this project in a timely manner," said Webber.


The Maine Department of Transportation will be doing major road work on Route 7,
the main corridor through town. The district will work on water mains along the
route before DOT begins its work. The main will be relocated under sidewalks.


"Reinvesting in old infrastructure is critical to supporting and maintaining our
rural communities," said U.S. Rep. Mike Michaud, D-Maine, in a statement. "These
USDA funds will ensure quality drinking water and public safety while creating
employment opportunities through engineer and construction jobs."

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Bangor Daily News


                              123 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 19, 2016 Saturday

Washington: Rogers Boasts Federal Support of SOAR

LENGTH: 490 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the MP Rogers Hal has issued the following news release:



 U.S. Rep. Harold "Hal" Rogers (KY-05) highlighted the Eastern Kentucky
grassroots efforts of SOAR - Shaping Our Appalachian Region - this week during
federal budget hearings for fiscal year 2017.





 Despite raising serious concerns with the U.S. Department of Labor's regulatory
agenda, including minimum wage, the fiduciary rule, and overtime regulations,
Rogers praised Labor Secretary Thomas Perez for his support of SOAR initiatives
and for taking time to visit Eastern Kentucky last year.



 "As you are aware, over the last seven years, Eastern Kentucky has been hit
hard with the loss of over 10,000 coal jobs, and more recently, the temporary
shuttering of the AK Steel plant in Ashland," said Rogers, Chairman of the House
Appropriations Committee. "Thank you, Secretary Perez, for speaking at the SOAR
Summit last year and highlighting the importance of education and job training.
As you saw during your visit, SOAR is partnering with workforce development
groups like the Eastern Kentucky Concentrated Employment Program to help create
jobs and opportunities. Important pieces of this initiative include innovation,
workforce development, and job creation, and I appreciate your continued support
of these programs in the budget - as well as your continued interest in SOAR."



 During a budget hearing for the U.S. Department of Agriculture - Rural
Development (USDA-RD), Rogers commended Undersecretary Lisa Mensah for her
recent visit to Bell County. He also showed appreciation for Kentucky State
Director Tom Fern and the Kentucky State Office for Rural Development for their
continued efforts to improve the quality of life in southern and eastern
Kentucky, as well as their support for SOAR at both the state and federal level.




 "Since the beginning of this initiative, USDA Rural Development has been a
partner working alongside myself and both the current and former Governors of
Kentucky to build a strong economy for Appalachia," said Rogers. "I look forward
to continuing this partnership as we continue to strengthen and expand the
economy in that region."



 While applauding the USDA-RD, Rogers said he was troubled by the
Administration's proposed termination of Guaranteed Water and Waste Disposal
Loans, as well as a reduction of nearly $400 million for Direct Water and Waste
Disposal Loans.



 "The water and waste disposal loan and grant program is wildly popular and many
of the communities the program serves have no other alternatives to construct,
improve, or extend their water and waste systems," said Rogers. "Currently,
there is an enormous, well documented backlog in rural water and waste
applications; however, the budget request significantly reduces the lending and
grant levels previously appropriated."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              124 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 10, 2015 Tuesday

SCHUMER, GILLIBRAND ANNOUNCE MORE THAN $800,000 IN FEDERAL FUNDING FOR WATER AND
INFRASTRUCTURE UPGRADES IN THE TOWN OF RICHMOND

LENGTH: 305  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Charles E. Schumer, U.S Government has issued the
following news release:

U.S. Senators Charles Schumer and Kirsten Gillibrand today announced a grant of
$368,000 and a loan of $455,000 for the Town of Richmond in Ontario County. The
federal funding was allocated through the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA)
Rural Development Water and Waste Disposal Loan and Grant program and will be
used to install a new water main, valves, fire hydrants and other items needed
to support the construction of a clean water supply and fire-protection system.

"This federal funding is great news for Ontario County and the Town of
Richmond," said Senator Schumer. "Expanding the water system is a wise
infrastructure investment that will enhance public health, public safety and
economic development. This federal funding will take a tremendous financial
burden off of the county and the Town of Richmond to begin construction right
away on a project that is vital to its long-term health and prosperity."

"This is an important investment for the Town of Richmond," Senator
Gillibrandsaid. "This upgrade to the town's critical water infrastructure will
help protect the health and quality of life of residents by delivering clean
water to more local families. It will also help keep families and businesses
safe with the installation of new fire hydrants."

"The funding will be used to put a water extension on Ashley and White road in
the Town of Richmond," said Ralph Angelo, Town of Richmond Supervisor.  "Without
the Rural Development funding we in the Town of Richmond could not do these
sorts water projects in our community, and are greatly appreciative to USDA for
awarding us this opportunity."

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              125 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 2, 2014 Wednesday

Agriculture, Rural Housing Service: Loan Specialist VT-2014-4926

LENGTH: 2048  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of Personnel Management has issued the following job announcement:

Job Title:Loan Specialist

Department:Department Of Agriculture

Agency:Agriculture, Rural Housing Service

Job Announcement Number:VT-2014-4926
SALARY RANGE:
 $68,809.00 to $97,787.00 / Per Year
OPEN PERIOD:
 Tuesday, July 1, 2014 to Friday, July 11, 2014
SERIES & GRADE:
 GS-1165-12
POSITION INFORMATION:
 Full-Time - Permanent
PROMOTION POTENTIAL:
12
DUTY LOCATIONS:
 1 vacancy - Concord, NH View Map
1 vacancy - Conway, NH View Map
1 vacancy - Brattleboro, VT View Map
WHO MAY APPLY:
 Current permanent USDA, Rural Development Vermont and New Hampshire employees
with competitive status ONLY.
SECURITY CLEARANCE:
 Q - Nonsensitive
SUPERVISORY STATUS:
 No
JOB SUMMARY:

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural Development Agency serves rural
communities throughout the country by investing in their communities through
housing and utility infrastructure, by increasing economic opportunity, and by
improving the quality of life for all rural Americans.  Rural Development
provides over 40 loan and grant programs in the Rural Housing and Community
Facilities Services, Rural Business and Cooperative Services, and Rural
Utilities Service. Rural Development supports a positive work environment and
promotes diversity and inclusion for nearly 5,000 employees.

Rural Development is a dynamic organization recruiting for employees who possess
the energy, compassion, and commitment to serve those in rural communities and
will enjoy working in a fast paced and results driven organization.  Our
commitment is to expand economic opportunity and quality of life in all of rural
America by providing financial programs to support essential public facilities
and services such as water and sewer systems, housing, health clinics, emergency
service facilities and electric and telephone service.  Rural Development offers
a friendly and professional working environment and such excellent benefits as:
a generous salary, alternative work schedules, paid vacation and sick leave,
paid holidays, retirement and supplemental savings plan, a wide array of health,
dental, vision, and life insurance plans, flexible spending accounts, and
long-term care insurance.

Current permanent USDA, Rural Development Vermont and New Hampshire employees
with competitive status ONLY.
TRAVEL REQUIRED

Occasional Travel
    Local travel within VT/NH as required

RELOCATION AUTHORIZED

No

KEY REQUIREMENTS

Must meet time-in-grade requirements

DUTIES:
Back to top

Serves as agency contact on the full range of loan making and servicing actions
and outreach activities for a designated region.
    Primarily serves the Community Facility and Water & Waste Disposal loan and
grant programs to include final recommendation of loan and grant actions.
    Processes and approves or recommends for approval a variety of requests for
special servicing actions including transfers, consolidations and
reamortizations.
    Provides guidance to borrowers, grantees and applicants.
    Develops and presents training to borrowers.
    Provides assistance to other Loan Specialists and support staff when
necessary.
    May be responsible for other agency loan/grant programs in support of the
VT/NH jurisdiction's mission needs.

QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED:
Back to top

For GS-12: Applicants must have 1 year of specialized experience equivalent to
at least the GS-11. Specialized experience includes experience that demonstrates
knowledge and understanding of loan making/servicing and credit principles and
practices in order to assess the fundamental soundness of loans and grants and
approve or recommend approval of commercial loans and/or commercial loan
servicing actions. Experience may have been gained in work equivalent to
analyzing financial information provided by loan and grant applications,
determining eligibility for loans and grants and repayment ability to approve
complex commercial loans. There is no substitution of education for experience
at the GS-12 level.


o  CONFIDENTIAL FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE REPORT: If selected, you will be required
to submit Form OGE-450 within 30 days of your initial appointment date, and
annually thereafter. Selectee is subject to financial Disclosure Requirements in
accordance with 5 CFR, Part 2635, Sub part E regarding business or personal
transactions with applicants, borrowers, or business contacts who have or who
are seeking business with this Agency. Selectee must be able to obtain and
maintain a security clearance. If selected you will be subject to a National
Agency Check and Inquiry (NACI) and a credit report.
HOW YOU WILL BE EVALUATED:

You will be evaluated based on your qualifications for this position as
evidenced by the education, experience, and training you described in your
application package, as well as the responses to the Occupational Questionnaire
to determine the degree to which you possess the knowledge, skills, abilities
and competencies listed below:
            Knowledge of housing, commercial, community programs loan/grant
making requirements.
            Knowledge of housing, commercial, community programs servicing
requirements.
            Program administration/project management
            Oral Communication
            Written Communication
    We will review your application, including the online Occupational
Questionnaire, to ensure you meet the job requirements and assess your ability
to perform this job. Before any certificate can be issued to the selecting
official, the resume and supporting documents are reviewed by an HR Specialist
to ensure that (a) minimum qualification requirements are met and (b) the resume
supports the answers provided to the job-specific questions. Your answers will
be verified against information provided in your online resume and application.
Be sure that your resume clearly supports your responses to all the questions
addressing experience and education relevant to this position.
    Applicants who meet the basic minimum qualification requirements and are
determined to be among the best qualified candidates will be referred to the
hiring manager for consideration. Non-Competitive candidates need to meet
minimum qualification requirements to be referred.

Note: If, after reviewing your resume and / or supporting documentation, a
determination is made that you have inflated your qualifications and or
experience, your score can / will be lowered to more accurately reflect the
submitted documentation. Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or
omissions may affect your rating. Deliberate attempts to falsify information may
be grounds for not selecting you.

To view the application form, visit:
https://rhs.usda.ntis.gov/cp/?event=jobs.previewApplication&jobid=8ec9bf93-72cf-
4738-81c5-a35600fa1b1e

BENEFITS:
Back to top

You can review our benefits at:
http://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/healthcare/enrollment/new-federal-employ
ee-enrollment/
The Federal Government offers a comprehensive benefits package.  Explore the
major benefits offered to most Federal employees at:
http://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/healthcare/enrollment/new-federal-employ
ee-enrollment/

OTHER INFORMATION:

o  This position is eligible for telework and other flexible work arrangements.
Employee participation is at the discretion of the supervisor.
HOW TO APPLY:
Back to top

Please read the entire announcement and all the instructions before you begin.
The following instructions outline our application process.

You must complete this application process and submit all required documents
electronically by 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time (ET) on the closing date of this
announcement.
    We are available to assist you during business hours (normally 8:00 a.m. -
4:00 p.m., Monday - Friday). Applying online is highly encouraged. If applying
online poses a hardship, please contact our office during business hours well
before the closing date for an alternate method. All hardship application
packages with supporting documents must be submitted no later than noon on the
closing date of the announcement in order to be entered into the system prior to
its closing.
    This agency provides reasonable accommodation to applicants with
disabilities on a case-by-case basis; contact us if you are requesting this.

Step 1: Create a USAJOBS account (if you do not have one) at www.usajobs.gov. It
is recommended that as part of your profile you set up automatic email
notification to be informed when the status of your application changes. If you
choose not to set up this automatic notification, then you will have to log into
your USAJOBS account to check on the status of your application.


Step 2: Create a resume with USAJOBS or upload a resume into your USAJOBS
account. Customize your resume to ensure it documents duties and accomplishments
you have gained that are directly related to this position in order to verify
that qualifications are met. Your resume must support your responses to the
online questionnaire (you may preview the online questionnaire by clicking on
the link at the end of the How You Will Be Evaluated section of the job
announcement).

Step 3: Click "Apply Online" and follow the prompts to complete the Occupational
Questionnaire and attach any additional documents that may be required.
You can update your application or documents anytime while the announcement is
open. Log into your USAJOBS account and click on "Application Status." Click on
the position title, and then select "Update Application" to continue.
NOTE: Verify that uploaded documents from USAJOBs transfer into the Agency's
staffing system. Once in the Agency's staffing system you will have the
opportunity to upload additional documents. Uploaded documents must be less than
3MB and in one of the following document formats: GIF, JPG, JPEG, PNG, RTF, PDF,
or Word (DOC or DOCX).


REQUIRED DOCUMENTS:

A complete Application Package must be submitted and received prior to 11:59,
ET, on the closing date. The following documents are required for your
application package to be complete. Our office cannot be responsible for
incompatible software, illegible fax transmissions, delays in the mail service,
your system failure or downtime, etc. Failure to submit required, legible
documents may result in loss of consideration.

Resume that includes the following information: 1) personal information; 2)
education; 3) work experience including the work schedule and hours worked per
week as well as dates of employment; and title, series and grade if applicable;
4) supervisor's phone number and e-mail address for each work period listed and
whether or not we may contact them for reference checks; and, 5) other
qualifications.
    Current/Career/Career-Conditional: Most recent non-award Notification of
Personnel Action (SF-50 or equivalent) showing that you are/were in the
competitive service, highest grade (or promotion potential) held on a permanent
basis, federal status, position title, series and grade AND most recently
completed performance appraisal (dated within 18 months) showing the official
rating of record, signed by the supervisor, or a statement as to why the
performance appraisal is unavailable. Do not submit a performance plan.

AGENCY CONTACT INFO:
Liz Gariepy
Phone: (413) 253-4313
Fax: (413) 253-4347
Email: liz.gariepy@ma.usda.gov
Agency Information:
USDA, Rural Development
451 West Street, Suite 2
Amherst, MA,
01002
USA
Fax: (413) 253-4347
WHAT TO EXPECT NEXT:
If you set up your USAJOBS account to send automatic email notifications, you
will receive an email acknowledging: 1) the submission of your online
Occupational Questionnaire and resume was successful,  2) if you were referred
to the selecting official for consideration, and  3) if you were selected or not
selected. If you choose not to set up automatic email notifications, you must
check your USAJOBS account for the latest status of your application. Your
application may be reviewed to verify that you meet the qualifications and
eligibility requirements for the position prior to issuing lists to a selecting
official. If further evaluation or interviews are required, you will be
contacted. Normally, a final job offer to the selected candidate is made within
30-60 days after the issuance of the certificate.

For more information please visit: https://www.usajobs.gov/

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              126 of 159 DOCUMENTS


                       The Dickinson Press (North Dakota)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             May 26, 2016 Thursday

BRIEF: New England receives $5 million in federal funding for water project

BYLINE: Kalsey Stults, The Dickinson Press, N.D.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 191 words


May 26--News Dickinson,North Dakota 58602
http://www.thedickinsonpress.com/sites/all/themes/thedickinsonpress_theme/images
/social_default_image.png

Kalsey Stults

The Dickinson Press

(701) 225-4205 customer support http://www.thedickinsonpress.com

http://www.thedickinsonpress.com

New England receives $5 million in federal funding for water project

Dickinson North Dakota 1815 1st Street West 58602

WASHINGTON -- The North Dakota congressional delegation announced Thursday that
New England will receive more than $5 million in federal funding to continue
removing and replacing existing sewer system infrastructure.

The money was made available through the U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural
Development's Water & Waste Disposal Loan & Grant Program. The total funding is
made up of a $2.29 million federal grant and a federal loan to the city of New
England for $2.77 million.

The city in the midst of a multi-year project to replace outdated water and
sewer lines beneath its streets.

___ (c)2016 the Dickinson Press (Dickinson, N.D.) Visit the Dickinson Press
(Dickinson, N.D.) at www.thedickinsonpress.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160526-QX-BRF-New-England-receives-5-million-in-federal-funding-for-
water-project-0526-20160526

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QX


                       Copyright 2016 The Dickinson Press


                              127 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 17, 2014 Wednesday

U.S. REP. RON BARBER ANNOUNCES $7.1 MILLION IN FEDERAL GRANTS, LOANS FOR WILLCOX
WASTEWATER TREATMENT PLANT

LENGTH: 224  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the House of Representative Ron Barber, U.S Government has issued the
following news release:

U.S. Rep. Ron Barber today announced that the city of Willcox has received more
than $7.1 million in federal funds to build a new wastewater treatment facility.

"The city of Willcox, like many smaller cities, has had challenges in operating
a wastewater treatment facility that meets current federal standards," Barber
said. "With this funding, Willcox can move forward with a state-of-the art plant
that will protect the people and the environment in this area of Cochise
County."

The U.S. Department of Agriculture today awarded two grants and one loan to
Willcox which is building a $13.15 million wastewater plant.

A $2,005,000 USDA Rural Development Water and Waste Disposal loan that will be
repaid over 30 years with an annual interest rate of 2.375 percent.
    A $2,066,168 grant from the USDA Rural Development Water and Waste Disposal
Grant program.
    A $3,080,000 grant from the USDA Rural Development Water and Waste Disposal
grant program.

With previously announced funding, the city now has enough money to build the
plant. Willcox also has received $6 million in funding from the North American
Development Bank.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              128 of 159 DOCUMENTS


                      Mt. Vernon Register-News (Illinois)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 24, 2009 Tuesday

BRIEF: Wayne City to receive USDA grant and loan

BYLINE: Mt. Vernon Register-News, Ill.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 255 words


Mar. 24--WASHINGTON, D.C. -- Congressman John Shimkus (R, Illinois-19) has
announced the Village of Wayne City is the recipient of a grant and a loan
through the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Rural Development program. Wayne
City will be receiving a $189,000 grant and a $250,000 loan through the Water
and Waste Disposal Loan and Grant program.

The funds will be used to repair and improve the village's wastewater treatment
plant lagoons. The collection and treatment facility needs these updates to meet
Illinois EPA requirements.

"Keeping rural water and sewer facilities updated is important for the health of
our communities," Shimkus said. "These funds will allow the village to make the
necessary improvements to the treatment facility, which hasn't seen major
updates since the 1970s.

"I want to also applaud Rural Development. This is one of the best government
programs, as far as assistance to the rural areas in my district," Shimkus
added.

Shimkus office can assist with Rural Development and other federal grant
programs. Contact his Springfield office at 217-492-5090 for more information.

To see more of Mt. Vernon Register-News or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.register-news.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, Mt. Vernon Register-News,
Ill. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090324-VR-BRF-Wayne-City-to-receive-USDA-grant-and-loan-0324

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VR


                                 Copyright 2009


                              129 of 159 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    August 7, 1982, Saturday, Final Edition

Rural Development Being Neglected Under Reagan, Hill Critics Assert

BYLINE: By Ward Sinclair, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: First Section; A11

LENGTH: 1170 words


Chairman Mark Andrews (R-N.D.) knew the answer without asking the question, but
he went ahead and convened his Senate Agriculture subcommittee the other day to
find out what the Reagan administration is doing about rural development policy.

The administration's rural development policy director didn't make it--he was at
a meeting in Chicago. But the real reason for his absence, according to Sen.
Patrick J. Leahy (D-Vt.), was that he had "nothing to contribute."

"This administration, through budget cuts, regulatory actions and noncompliance
with the mandate of the Rural Development Policy Act of 1980, has shown itself
to be plainly and simply anti-rural," Leahy said.

Andrews sternly agreed. "I was concerned when Democrats were in the White House
and I am concerned now," he lectured the U.S. Department of Agriculture
officials who did show up. "Rural America is suffering from bipartisan neglect."

It's not yet at open rebellion stage, but congressional patience is waning and
tempers are growing short over the administration's policies toward rural
America, where low income, inadequate housing, health care, and water and sewer
systems are endemic problems.

The administration's smorgasbord of budget cuts, fewer loans, higher interest
rates, abolition of some traditional rural assistance programs plus curtailment
and tougher qualifying standards for those that remain are stirring a wave of
resentment on Capitol Hill.

"I'm bitter about it," said Rep. Wes Watkins (D-Okla.), chairman of the
150-member Congressional Rural Caucus. "It's either intentional or it's
ignorance. This administration's policies are policies of full destruction for
the rural part of this country . . . . All we're getting is cheap rhetoric."

Much of the congressional criticism is directed at USDA's Farmers Home
Administration (FmHA), which does more than provide operating loans to farmers.
FmHA for years has been the principal federal provider of rural-support
assistance, from business development and housing to water and sewer
construction.

FmHA administrator Charles W. Shuman and his boss, Undersecretary of Agriculture
Frank W. Naylor, vigorously defended their work at Andrews' hearing, but the
senator wasn't buying it. Andrews told them USDA's "hokey-pokey" programs made
it "difficult to know where this pea is under the shells."

These are some of the major changes in rural development programs:

* The president's fiscal 1983 budget proposes cutting FmHA housing assistance by
67 percent from this year's $4.1 billion. And this year's FmHA lending is way
down--three quarters of the way through the year, the agency has half of its
loan money and nearly a third of its rural rental aid money left.

* With administration backing, the Senate Banking Committee has approved
legislation by Sen. Harrison H. Schmitt (R-N.M.) that would replace all of
FmHA's rural housing aid with block grants to the states totaling no more than
$850 million. Thirty-five senators, led by Thad Cochran (R-Miss.) and Alan
Cranston (D-Calif.), have proposed an alternative that would keep FmHA in the
housing business and continue spending at 1982 levels.

* Although a recent federal report said that more than 60 percent of rural
residents are drinking contaminated water, the administration in its first 18
months has cut the rural water and waste disposal loan program by 60 percent.

* Tighter regulations and higher interest rates for these programs, although
ostensibly geared to helping the poorest communities, have had a reverse effect,
according to Leahy and Andrews. Leahy said that no community in Vermont, one of
the most rural states, can now qualify for the loans. The same thing is
happening in North Dakota, Andrews said.

* The community facility loan program, which provides for police and
fire-fighting equipment, has been cut in half. Small grants for technical
assistance on development schemes and planning grants have been wiped out. Among
the first USDA employes to be furloughed were FmHA development strategists who
worked at the state level.

* FmHA's once-active business and industrial loan program and its alcohol-fuel
development program have slowed to a crawl. Andrews noted that only one alcohol
loan has been approved this year, although Congress appropriated $250 million
for the program.

While these cuts and changes are taking shots from Capitol Hill, there is more
criticism of USDA's handling of the 1980 congressional directive to draw up a
rural development policy. Secretary John R. Block did not create a rural policy
development office until last October and he didn't name a full-time director,
Willard (Bill) Phillips Jr., until several weeks ago.

Phillips is supervising the work of a Block-appointed advisory council that is
supposed to come up with new development strategies after it pinpoints the needs
of rural America.

Block, Naylor and Deputy Secretary Richard E. Lyng already have given a hint of
things to come. They talk about reducing government spending in rural America,
encouraging rural residents to more "voluntarism" and prodding private
enterprise to take over development work traditionally handled by FmHA.

"The 1980 policy act was written with the enthusiasm of both parties," Leahy
said in an interview. "It set broad goals and it relied on the judgment and
honest commitment of the administration in power . . . but this administration
has not followed through. There is no development initiative and we surely can't
rely on voluntarism."

Phillips disputes Leahy's charge. He said recently, "We are trying to develop a
strategy that really addresses what people are concerned about. They may want
federal programs or they may not . . . maybe they want better delivery and
management. I keep hearing of a number of regulations that rural people have to
comply with that were primarily written for urban America . . . . We want to be
able to go to the administration and say here are some things that can be done."

Rep. Watkins says that's "a false front, just a shadow of something they can
point to. We're tired of reports and more reports and if that's all they've got,
they can cram it. I'm not buying it. We know what the problems are and what the
solutions are."

The administration's budgetary assault on development programs, meanwhile, has
left once-muscular public interest and rural technical assistance organizations
dazed and dismayed. Most of their federal grant money has dried up; several have
closed their doors, others are scaling back their work.

"This administration is as bad as we thought it would be," said Robert Rapoza of
the National Rural Housing Coalition. "The needs of rural America have been well
documented, but you cannot have a rural policy without money. You can't have a
rural policy when you don't want to do anything.

"They take congressional directives as suggestions. And every time you think
they have nickled and dimed a program to the limit, they come back for more.
These guys are very tough."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture 1, SEN. MARK ANDREWS . . . "Rural America is suffering";
Picture 2, SEN. PATRICK J. LEAHY . . . administration "simply anti-rural"

                       Copyright 1982 The Washington Post


                              130 of 159 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                              July 1, 2012 Sunday

Montgomery

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 503 words


HUBER HEIGHTS

Committee to discuss signage, farm animals

The Huber Heights public services and safety committee will meet at 4:30 p.m.
Monday in the City Council's conference room, 6131 Taylorsville Road.

Items expected to be discussed include: city buildings signage and street
numbers; farm animals in residential areas; vicious dogs; and the Fourth of July
Parade report.

The administration committee also will meet at 6 p.m. in executive session to
interview Tracy Dudley for the Ward 5 City Council vacancy. Dudley is the fourth
and final applicant to be interviewed. STEVEN MATTHEWS

GERMANTOWN

Valley View officials, teachers, parents meet

Parents and teachers at Valley View Local School discussed safety, education,
budget cuts, savings, lack of information and the possibility of the school's
failed levy in August during a community meeting last week with the board of
education.

The meeting comes after Valley View officials announced in May that it will
eliminate two full-time teaching positions, and reduce three teaching positions
through retirements and resignations. In addition, decrease classes offered, cut
instructional aides, office and library aides, bus drivers, assistant varsity
positions and custodians. The reductions are expected to generate $3 million for
Valley View Schools next year, which has close to 2,000 students, who live in
either Germantown or Farmersville. The next meeting will be held on July 11 at 6
p.m. in the cafeteria.

TALYA FLOWERS

WASHINGTON TWP.

Beautification panelists named

Township trustees have appointed five members to its Visual Improvement Program
board, which oversees flower plantings, visual improvement awards, holiday
decorations and beautification activities.

Amy Bartz, Alex Pearl, Kathryn Antonelli, Walter Davidson and Marlene Tiernan
will serve four-year terms ending June 17, 2016. TERRY MORRIS

CENTERVILLE

Grants to improve access sought

City Council has approved applying to the Montgomery County commissioners for
two community development block grants. One would finance replacement of the
current elevator in the municipal building at 100 W. Spring Valley Road with one
that is handicapped accessible.

The city is seeking a grant of $78,000 of the total $105,000 cost.

The other seeks a $40,000 grant for handicapped-accessibility improvements at
the city's Stubbs Park as part of an effort to pave additional paths, replace
bridges and install access doors.

Total cost is estimated at $50,000. TERRY MORRIS

PHILLIPSBURG

Village gets grant for wastewater system

U.S. Sen. Sherrod Brown announced last week that the Montgomery County Board of
Commissioners was awarded a $2,482,000 loan and a $2,128,000 grant to construct
a new wastewater collection system for the Village of Phillips-burg.

The grant, from the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Water and Waste Disposal
Loan and Grant Program, will help the village of Phillipsburg make long-overdue
updates and maintain a modern sewage system, said Brown.

For more information, contact (202) 224-3978. TALYA FLOWERS

LOAD-DATE: July 1, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              131 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 28, 2016 Saturday

Washington: Warner, Kaine, Griffith Announce Bland County Service Authority
Awarded More Than $2.4 Million in Rural Development Loan, Grant

LENGTH: 176  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Mark R. Warner has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Senators Mark Warner and Tim Kaine and U.S. Representative Morgan Griffith
today announced that the U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) Office of Rural
Development has approved a water and waste disposal loan of $1,463,000 and grant
of $1,000,000 for the Bland County Service Authority.





 Warner, Kaine, and Griffith said, "We are pleased by news of this funding, and
are proud that local and federal agencies are working together to support Bland
County's water system.  We also applaud Bland County Service Authority for its
efforts to improve the county's water infrastructure and protect public health."




 According to the USDA project announcement, these funds will be used to make
needed improvements to the Bland County Service Authority's existing water
system, which serves approximately 535 residential and 55 commercial customers.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              132 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 28, 2016 Saturday

Washington: Warner, Kaine, Griffith Announce Bland County Service Authority
Awarded More Than $2.4 Million In Rural Development Loan, Grant

LENGTH: 175  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Tim Kain has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Senators Mark Warner and Tim Kaine and U.S. Representative Morgan Griffith
today announced that the U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) Office of Rural
Development has approved a water and waste disposal loan of $1,463,000 and grant
of $1,000,000 for the Bland County Service Authority.





 Warner, Kaine, and Griffith said, "We are pleased by news of this funding, and
are proud that local and federal agencies are working together to support Bland
County's water system.  We also applaud Bland County Service Authority for its
efforts to improve the county's water infrastructure and protect public health."




 According to the USDA project announcement, these funds will be used to make
needed improvements to the Bland County Service Authority's existing water
system, which serves approximately 535 residential and 55 commercial customers.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              133 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 25, 2014 Saturday

Schumer, Gillibrand, Owens Announce $325,000 In USDA Funding For The Village Of
Castorland

LENGTH: 312  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Gillibrand, U.S Government has issued the following news
release:

U.S. Senators Charles E. Schumer and Kirsten Gillibrand and Representative Bill
Owens today announced $325,000 in federal funding for the Village of Castorland
in Lewis County. The funding was allocated through the U.S. Department of
Agriculture (USDA) Water and Waste Disposal Loan and Grant program and will be
used to upgrade the sewer collection system and to construct a sewer treatment
plant.

"It is difficult to attract new residents and businesses with a faulty sewer
system. That is why this funding, and the sewer repairs that will get underway
as a result, is so important for the future of the Village of Castorland," said
Senator Schumer. "This federal funding will take a tremendous financial burden
off of the Village and allow Castorland to begin construction right away on a
project that is vital to its long-term prosperity."

"This is a much needed investment for the Village of Castorland," Senator
Gillibrand said. "Upgrading water infrastructure is an effective way to support
local businesses and attract new jobs. This critical funding will help enhance
resident's quality of life by delivering clean water to more local families."

"This funding supports critical improvements to infrastructure that will help
ensure the community has access to basic water services. These investments
improve quality of life for residents, support tourism and encourage local
businesses to grow and create jobs here. I applaud the U.S.D.A. for funding this
project," said Representative Bill Owens.

"This USDA funding is appreciated and will help the Village of Castorland to
meet the infrastructure needs of our community", said Mark Moshier, Mayor of
Castorland.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              134 of 159 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                           August 15, 2012 Wednesday

Canning workshop at Millinocket VFW Hall

LENGTH: 960 words

DATELINE: MILLINOCKET


- University of Maine Cooperative Extension has announced that a Canning
Workshop will be held at 6 p.m. Wednesday, Aug. 22, at the VFW Hall, 40 Oxford
St.


Learn the basics behind home food preservation and food safety. The course will
cover how canning and freezing function as preservation methods. This is a
hands-on workshop. A registration fee of $15 must be paid in full before the
night of the class.


For more information, to register or to request special accommodations, call
Theresa Tilton at 942-7396 or 800-287-1485 (in Maine), or email
Theresa.tilton@maine.edu Payment should be made to UMaine and mailed to UMCE
Attn: Theresa, 307 Maine Ave., Bangor, ME 04401.


Payments will not be accepted the night of class.Bridge work planned in Saint
Albans


SAINT ALBANS -- Construction will begin on the so-called Indian Bridge between
Big and Little Indian Lake on the Ripley Road on or about Wednesday, Sept. 5.


In order to prevent the bridge from becoming a public danger, the road must be
closed and the bridge replaced. Construction will take approximately two weeks
from start to finish.


Traffic will be detoured on Routes 23 and 154, and there will be no through
traffic. The dam on Big Indian Lake will be opened to lower the water level to
better assist the construction crew.


This will affect the water level around the camps and homes on the
lake.Springfield Fair on Labor Day weekend


SPRINGFIELD -- The 162nd Springfield Fair will be held Friday, Aug. 31, through
Monday, Sept. 3, at 91 Park Street, Route 169.


Friday is military night. No charge for all active-duty members and veterans.
Bring military identification or DD form 214. Gates open at 5 p.m. for the
general public.


Saturday is Children's Day. Gates open at 8 a.m.


Sunday is 4-H Demonstration Day (4-H members get in free by showing an official
4-H membership card). Gates open at 8 a.m.


Monday is Ware's Outdoor Power Equipment and Husqvarna Day. Gates open at 8 a.m.


Admission, which includes all carnival rides, is $10 per person at the gate or
$25 per carload. Admission is $7 for seniors 62 and older.


For more information, visit www.thespringfield fair.com.Gravel road maintenance
workshop in Dover-Foxcroft


DOVER-FOXCROFT -- The Piscataquis County Soil and Water Conservation District
will hold their annual gravel roads maintenance workshop from 9 a.m. to noon
Wednesday, Sept. 5, on the Law Farm land located on the Milo Road and the Lee
Cemetery Road.


The gravel roads workshop provides informative sessions on protecting Maine's
water quality during the process of building and maintaining gravel-surfaced
roads while implementing Best Management Practices. This workshop is formulated
to help contractors, municipalities and road associations. The general public is
welcome.


To learn more or to register, call the district office at 564-2321, ext. 3, or
email questions to info@piscataquisswcd.org.Penquis offers free Business 101
workshops


BANGOR -- MaineStream Finance, a subsidiary of Penquis, is offering a free
Business 101 workshop for anyone interested in knowing more about starting a
business.


The two-hour workshop will be offered at 6 p.m. Wednesday, Aug. 22, and
Thursday, Sept. 6, at Penquis, 50 North St., Dover-Foxcroft. It also is being
offered at 6 p.m. Tuesday, Aug. 21, and Wednesday, Sept. 5, at Penquis, 262
Harlow St., Bangor.


The workshop provides an overview of the pros and cons of operating a small
business, including the basics of a business plan, the importance of networking,
creating and managing a budget, available resources for business development and
understanding credit.


To register for the Business 101 workshop visit www.mainestreamfinance.org and
click on "Workshops and Trainings," then complete the registration form, call
1-800-215-4942, ext. 2476, or email jmacomber@penquis.org.Bangor hires downtown
coordinator


BANGOR -- The City of Bangor has announced the appointment of Jason Bird of
Glenburn as the business development officer/downtown coordinator in the City of
Bangor's Department of Community and Economic Development.


Bird has a Masters of Public Administration degree and his Bachelor's degree in
Political Science, both from the University of Maine at Orono. He served as the
community and business development specialist for Eastern Maine Development
Corporation from 2007 to 2010 and has been a senior program director for the
Midcoast Economic Development District in Damariscotta since August 2010.


He will begin his official duties on Monday, Aug. 27.Dexter receives $1 million
to upgrade wastewater treatment facility


DEXTER -- USDA Rural Development has selected the Dexter Utility District to
receive a Water and Waste Disposal Loan of $600,000 and Grant of $420,000.


The $1 million in funds will be used to upgrade the Dexter Utility District's
wastewater treatment facility. The project will improve operating efficiencies
and help provide safe and reliable wastewater treatment services for the
residential, business and public facility customers on the system. The project
also will provide economic benefits by preserving the quality of the Sebasticook
Watershead.


"This project will provide upgrades to the wastewater aeration treatment system
to improve the efficiency of the facility's treatment process and will remove
and properly dispose of the 25 years of accumulated treated solids from the
lagoons," said Dexter Utility District Superintendant Randy Webber.


USDA Rural Development has provided $2.9 million in fiscal year 2012 through its
water and wastewater programs to assist Dexter Utility District in providing
reliable utilities to its users.


Further information on rural programs is available at a local USDA Rural
Development office or by visiting USDA Rural Development's website at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/me.

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Bangor Daily News


                              135 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 22, 2015 Monday

Arizona: USDA Announces $1.97 Million for New Community Center on Pine Ridge
Indian Reservation

LENGTH: 676  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Agriculture has issued the following news release:

Investment Part of Obama Administration's Commitment to Indian Country and
Promise Zone Initiative

Pine Ridge Indian Reservation, SD, June 22, 2015 - Today, Leslie Wheelock,
Director of the United States Department of Agriculture's (USDA) Office of
Tribal Relations joined other federal, state, and Tribal leaders to announce
$1.97 million to Thunder Valley Community Development Corporation (CDC) for a
community center serving the Oglala Lakota community on the Pine Ridge Indian
Reservation. The announcement was made at the groundbreaking ceremony for the
Regenerative Community which plans to build additional housing, a small farm, an
aquaponics greenhouse, a grocery store, powwow grounds and a youth center on the
Reservation. Today's funding announcement is for Phase One of the project.

"The lack of affordable housing and non-existent or crumbling infrastructure has
locked too many tribal communities in a cycle that makes economic opportunity
nearly impossible." said Wheelock. "With creative public-private partnerships
and smart investments like the Regenerative Community and critical housing and
supporting infrastructure, we can break that cycle. This will be another example
of how targeted, place-based, community economic development can work and
another demonstration of the Obama Administration's commitment to the future of
Indian Country."

USDA financing for this project comes from USDA Rural Development and includes:

Rural Housing Site loan for $489,000 to assist with the development of the
streets and utilities for 23 lots;
    Self-Help Housing Technical Assistance grant for $300,000 to establish and
develop a self-help program that will start with the construction of 12 new
homes;
    Water and Waste Disposal loan funds of $30,000 and Water and Waste Disposal
Native American Set-Aside grant of $672,000 for drinking water and sanitary
sewer systems; and
    Water and Waste Disposal loan of $271,000 and a grant of $209,000 for the
storm drainage project.

In addition to USDA Rural Development, other investment partners include the
Sustainable Home Ownership Project, USDA Rural Development, Enterprise Community
Partners, the Northwest Area Foundation, and the Bush Foundation.

Thunder Valley CDC will manage the Regenerative Community under the direction of
Executive Director Nick Tilsen and in cooperation with other community partners
and key local, tribal and regional organizations, and will take a holistic
approach to addressing the area's most challenging issues.

In April 2015, Pine Ridge Indian Reservation of the Oglala Sioux Tribe, South
Dakota was one of eight newly designated Promise Zones by the Obama
Administration. Promise Zones are high poverty communities where the federal
government partners with local leaders to increase economic activity, improve
educational opportunities, leverage private investment, reduce violent crime,
enhance public health and address other community identified priorities.

Today's event is part of USDA's celebration of the National Homeownership Month
and the 50th anniversary of USDA's Mutual Self-Help Housing program which has
built 50,000 homes for new homeowners.

USDA Rural Development in South Dakota has offices in Aberdeen, Huron, Mitchell,
Pierre, Rapid City, Sioux Falls, Watertown, and Yankton. For more information,
visit the USDA Rural Development website at http://www.rd.usda.gov/sd.

The Administration's plan for rural America has brought about historic
investment and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's
leadership, these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities. USDA's
investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that stands as
the backbone of our American values.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              136 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 23, 2015 Tuesday

Washington: USDA Announces $1.97 Million for New Community Center on Pine Ridge
Indian Reservation

LENGTH: 504  words

DATELINE: Washington


United States Department of Agriculture, Food safety and Inspection Services has
issued the following news release:

Today, Leslie Wheelock, Director of the United States Department of
Agriculture's (USDA) Office of Tribal Relations joined other federal, state, and
Tribal leaders to announce $1.97 million to Thunder Valley Community Development
Corporation (CDC) for a community center serving the Oglala Lakota community on
the Pine Ridge Indian Reservation. The announcement was made at the
groundbreaking ceremony for the Regenerative Community which plans to build
additional housing, a small farm, an aquaponics greenhouse, a grocery store,
powwow grounds and a youth center on the Reservation. Today's funding
announcement is for Phase One of the project.

"The lack of affordable housing and non-existent or crumbling infrastructure has
locked too many tribal communities in a cycle that makes economic opportunity
nearly impossible." said Wheelock. "With creative public-private partnerships
and smart investments like the Regenerative Community and critical housing and
supporting infrastructure, we can break that cycle. This will be another example
of how targeted, place-based, community economic development can work and
another demonstration of the Obama Administration's commitment to the future of
Indian Country."

USDA financing for this project comes from USDA Rural Development and includes:

Rural Housing Site loan for $489,000 to assist with the development of the
streets and utilities for 23 lots;
 Self-Help Housing Technical Assistance grant for $300,000 to establish and
develop a self-help program that will start with the construction of 12 new
homes;
 Water and Waste Disposal loan funds of $30,000 and Water and Waste Disposal
Native American Set-Aside grant of $672,000 for drinking water and sanitary
sewer systems; and
 Water and Waste Disposal loan of $271,000 and a grant of $209,000 for the storm
drainage project.

In addition to USDA Rural Development, other investment partners include the
Sustainable Home Ownership Project, USDA Rural Development, Enterprise Community
Partners, the Northwest Area Foundation, and the Bush Foundation.

Thunder Valley CDC will manage the Regenerative Community under the direction of
Executive Director Nick Tilsen and in cooperation with other community partners
and key local, tribal and regional organizations, and will take a holistic
approach to addressing the area's most challenging issues.

In April 2015, Pine Ridge Indian Reservation of the Oglala Sioux Tribe, South
Dakota was one of eight newly designated Promise Zones by the Obama
Administration. Promise Zones are high poverty communities where the federal
government partners with local leaders to increase economic activity, improve
educational opportunities, leverage private investment, reduce violent crime,
enhance public health and address other community identified priorities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              137 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 23, 2015 Tuesday

Arkansas: USDA Announces $1.97 Million for New Community Center on Pine Ridge
Indian Reservation

LENGTH: 652  words

DATELINE: Little Rock


Arkansas Agriculture Department has issued the following news release:

Today, Leslie Wheelock, Director of the United States Department of
Agriculture's (USDA) Office of Tribal Relations joined other federal, state, and
Tribal leaders to announce $1.97 million to Thunder Valley Community Development
Corporation (CDC) for a community center serving the Oglala Lakota community on
the Pine Ridge Indian Reservation. The announcement was made at the
groundbreaking ceremony for the Regenerative Community which plans to build
additional housing, a small farm, an aquaponics greenhouse, a grocery store,
powwow grounds and a youth center on the Reservation. Today's funding
announcement is for Phase One of the project.

"The lack of affordable housing and non-existent or crumbling infrastructure has
locked too many tribal communities in a cycle that makes economic opportunity
nearly impossible." said Wheelock. "With creative public-private partnerships
and smart investments like the Regenerative Community and critical housing and
supporting infrastructure, we can break that cycle. This will be another example
of how targeted, place-based, community economic development can work and
another demonstration of the Obama Administration's commitment to the future of
Indian Country."

USDA financing for this project comes from USDA Rural Development and includes:

Rural Housing Site loan for $489,000 to assist with the development of the
streets and utilities for 23 lots;
    Self-Help Housing Technical Assistance grant for $300,000 to establish and
develop a self-help program that will start with the construction of 12 new
homes;
    Water and Waste Disposal loan funds of $30,000 and Water and Waste Disposal
Native American Set-Aside grant of $672,000 for drinking water and sanitary
sewer systems; and
    Water and Waste Disposal loan of $271,000 and a grant of $209,000 for the
storm drainage project.

In addition to USDA Rural Development, other investment partners include the
Sustainable Home Ownership Project, USDA Rural Development, Enterprise Community
Partners, the Northwest Area Foundation, and the Bush Foundation.

Thunder Valley CDC will manage the Regenerative Community under the direction of
Executive Director Nick Tilsen and in cooperation with other community partners
and key local, tribal and regional organizations, and will take a holistic
approach to addressing the area's most challenging issues.

In April 2015, Pine Ridge Indian Reservation of the Oglala Sioux Tribe, South
Dakota was one of eight newly designated Promise Zones by the Obama
Administration. Promise Zones are high poverty communities where the federal
government partners with local leaders to increase economic activity, improve
educational opportunities, leverage private investment, reduce violent crime,
enhance public health and address other community identified priorities.

Today's event is part of USDA's celebration of the National Homeownership Month
and the 50th anniversary of USDA's Mutual Self-Help Housing program which has
built 50,000 homes for new homeowners.

USDA Rural Development in South Dakota has offices in Aberdeen, Huron, Mitchell,
Pierre, Rapid City, Sioux Falls, Watertown, and Yankton. For more information,
visit the USDA Rural Development website at http://www.rd.usda.gov/sd.

The Administration's plan for rural America has brought about historic
investment and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's
leadership, these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities. USDA's
investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that stands as
the backbone of our American values.

#

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              138 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            June 24, 2015 Wednesday

WASHINGTON:USDA Announces $1.97 Million for New Community Center on Pine Ridge
Indian Reservation

LENGTH: 661  words

DATELINE: Palouse Grain Growers


Palouse Grain Growers, The State of Washington has issued the following news
release:

Pine Ridge Indian Reservation, SD, June 22, 2015 - Today, Leslie Wheelock,
Director of the United States Department of Agriculture's (USDA) Office of
Tribal Relations joined other federal, state, and Tribal leaders to announce
$1.97 million to Thunder Valley Community Development Corporation (CDC) for a
community center serving the Oglala Lakota community on the Pine Ridge Indian
Reservation. The announcement was made at the groundbreaking ceremony for the
Regenerative Community which plans to build additional housing, a small farm, an
aquaponics greenhouse, a grocery store, powwow grounds and a youth center on the
Reservation. Today's funding announcement is for Phase One of the project.

"The lack of affordable housing and non-existent or crumbling infrastructure has
locked too many tribal communities in a cycle that makes economic opportunity
nearly impossible." said Wheelock. "With creative public-private partnerships
and smart investments like the Regenerative Community and critical housing and
supporting infrastructure, we can break that cycle. This will be another example
of how targeted, place-based, community economic development can work and
another demonstration of the Obama Administration's commitment to the future of
Indian Country."

USDA financing for this project comes from USDA Rural Development and includes:

Rural Housing Site loan for $489,000 to assist with the development of the
streets and utilities for 23 lots;
    Self-Help Housing Technical Assistance grant for $300,000 to establish and
develop a self-help program that will start with the construction of 12 new
homes;
    Water and Waste Disposal loan funds of $30,000 and Water and Waste Disposal
Native American Set-Aside grant of $672,000 for drinking water and sanitary
sewer systems; and
    Water and Waste Disposal loan of $271,000 and a grant of $209,000 for the
storm drainage project.

In addition to USDA Rural Development, other investment partners include the
Sustainable Home Ownership Project, USDA Rural Development, Enterprise Community
Partners, the Northwest Area Foundation, and the Bush Foundation.

Thunder Valley CDC will manage the Regenerative Community under the direction of
Executive Director Nick Tilsen and in cooperation with other community partners
and key local, tribal and regional organizations, and will take a holistic
approach to addressing the area's most challenging issues.

In April 2015, Pine Ridge Indian Reservation of the Oglala Sioux Tribe, South
Dakota was one of eight newly designated Promise Zones by the Obama
Administration. Promise Zones are high poverty communities where the federal
government partners with local leaders to increase economic activity, improve
educational opportunities, leverage private investment, reduce violent crime,
enhance public health and address other community identified priorities.

Today's event is part of USDA's celebration of the National Homeownership Month
and the 50th anniversary of USDA's Mutual Self-Help Housing program which has
built 50,000 homes for new homeowners.

USDA Rural Development in South Dakota has offices in Aberdeen, Huron, Mitchell,
Pierre, Rapid City, Sioux Falls, Watertown, and Yankton. For more information,
visit the USDA Rural Development website at http://www.rd.usda.gov/sd.

The Administration's plan for rural America has brought about historic
investment and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's
leadership, these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities. USDA's
investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that stands as
the backbone of our American values.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:
editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              139 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 13, 2013 Friday

Schumer, Gillibrand Announces $3,495,000 Loan and $350,000 Grant Coming to
Cortlandville Through USDA Rural Development Program Funding Will Bring Existing
System Up to Health Code

LENGTH: 229  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Gillibrand, U.S Government has issued the following news
release:

Today, U.S. Senators Charles E. Schumer and Kirsten Gillibrand announced that
the Town of Cortlandville  has received a Water and Waste Disposal Loan and
Grant totaling $3,845,000 from the U.S. Department of Agriculture - Rural
Development. The award is comprised of a $3,495,000 loan and a $350,000 grant.
The funding will be used to repair the existing sewer system to bring the sewer
into compliance with the Cortland County Health Department codes.

"Efficiently supporting our rural communities with funding for clean water and
sanitary sewers is pivotal for our community and our economy," said Schumer.
"Funding sewer renewal projects in Cortlandville will boost public health and
bring infrastructure jobs to the region, which will spur local economic
development."

"This is an important investment for Cortlandville," Senator Gillibrand said.
"These federal resources to upgrade Cortlandville's sewer system will help
improve water services for families and businesses. Investing in this kind of
key infrastructure can help attract new businesses and support new jobs to help
strengthen our local economy. And when these investments are made at the federal
level, that helps reduce the burden on local taxpayers."

For further information please visit: http://www.gillibrand.senate.gov

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              140 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 14, 2014 Monday

Information Collection Activity; Comment Request

LENGTH: 688  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:


Action

Notice And Request For Comments.
Summary

In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 (44 U.S.C. chapter 35, as
amended), the Rural Utilities Service (RUS) invites comments on the following
information collection for which RUS intends to request approval from the Office
of Management and Budget (OMB).

Table of Contents Back to Top

DATES:
    FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT:
    SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:

DATES: Back to Top

Comments on this notice must be received by September 12, 2014.
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Back to Top

Michele L. Brooks, Director, Program Development and Regulatory Analysis, Rural
Utilities Service, 1400 Independence Ave. SW., STOP 1522, Room 5162, South
Building, Washington, DC 20250-1522. Telephone: (202) 690-1078. Fax: (202)
720-8435 or email Michele.brooks@wdc.usda.gov
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Back to Top

The Office of Management and Budget's (OMB) regulation (5 CFR part 1320)
implementing provisions of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 (Pub. L. 104-13)
requires that interested members of the public and affected agencies have an
opportunity to comment on information collection and recordkeeping activities
(see 5 CFR 1320.8(d)). This notice identifies an information collection that RUS
is submitting to OMB for revision.

Comments are invited on: (a) Whether the proposed collection of information is
necessary for the proper performance of the functions of the Agency, including
whether the information will have practical utility; (b) the accuracy of the
Agency's estimate of the burden of the collection of information including the
validity of the methodology and assumptions used; (c) ways to enhance the
quality, utility, and clarity of the information to be collected; and (d) ways
to minimize the burden of the collection of information on respondents,
including through the use of appropriate automated, electronic, mechanical or
other technological collection techniques or other forms of information
technology. Comments may be sent to: Michele L. Brooks, Director, Program
Development and Regulatory Analysis, Rural Utilities Service, U.S. Department of
Agriculture, STOP 1522, 1400 Independence Ave. SW., Washington, DC 20250-1522.
Telephone: (202) 690-1078, Fax: (202) 720-8435 or email:
Michele.brooks@wdc.usda.gov

Title: Water and Waste Loan and Grant Program.

OMB Control Number: 0572-0121.

Type of Request: Revision of a currently approved collection.

Abstract: USDA Rural Development, through the Rural Utilities Service, is
authorized by Section 306 of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7
U.S.C. 1926) to make loans to public agencies, nonprofit corporations, and
Indian Tribes to fund water and waste disposal projects serving the most
financially needy rural communities through the Water and Waste Disposal loan
and grant program. Financial assistance should result in reasonable user costs
for rural residents, rural businesses, and other rural users.The program is
limited to rural areas and small towns with a population of 10,000 or less. The
Water and Waste loan and grant program is administered through 7 CFR part 1780.
The items covered by this collection include forms and related documentation to
support a loan application.

Estimate of Burden: Public reporting burden for this collection of information
is estimated to average 3 hours per response.

Respondents: Not-for-profit institutions; State, Local or Tribal Government.

Estimated Number of Respondents: 862.

Estimated Number of Responses per Respondent: 8.

Estimated Total Annual Burden on Respondents: 107,868 hours.

Copies of this information collection can be obtained from Rebecca Hunt, Program
Development and Regulatory Analysis, at (202) 205-3660, Fax: (202) 720-8435 or
email: Rebecca.hunt@wdc.usda.gov All responses to this notice will be summarized
and included in the request for OMB approval. All comments will also become a
matter of public record.

Dated: July 3, 2014.

John Charles Padalino,

Administrator, Rural Utilities Service.


For more information please visit: https://www.federalregister.gov/

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              141 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 28, 2015 Saturday

Durbin Announces Federal Funding For Rural Development Projects In Northern
Illinois

LENGTH: 355  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Dick Durbin, U.S Government has issued the following news
release:

U.S. Senator Dick Durbin (D-IL) today announced that the U.S. Department of
Agriculture's (USDA) Rural Development division has awarded funding to two
Illinois organizations - Resthave Home in Whiteside County, Illinois and the
Village of Carbon Hill, Illinois - through the Water and Waste Disposal Loan
Program.

"This federal investment will help create local, good-paying jobs in Northern
Illinois, in addition to helping protect the public health, safety and welfare
of their residents," Durbin said.

Under today's announcement, USDA has awarded a loan of $400,000 to the Resthave
Home of Whiteside County in Morrison, Illinois. The funds will be used to
address increased renovation costs following last year's unusually harsh winter.
The ongoing renovation will include the addition of twenty-one skilled nursing
beds and sixteen assisted living units, as well as upgrades to the mechanical,
electrical and plumbing systems.

Under the same announcement, USDA has awarded a loan of $1,500,000 and a grant
of $1,193,500 to the Village of Carbon Hill, Illinois. The funds will be used to
construct a new centralized sewer system. This project will alleviate public
health concerns regarding the existing private septic systems, and will bring
the system into compliance with the Illinois Environmental Protection Agency
standards. Carbon Hill is home to approximately 345 residents who will benefit
from this project.

USDA Rural Water and Waste Disposal Loans are used to develop drinking water and
waste disposal systems, including solid waste disposal and storm drainage
systems in rural areas and towns with populations under 10,000. Funds are
available to public entities such as municipalities, counties, special-purpose
districts, Indian tribes, and corporations not operated for profit.
Additionally, Water and Waste Disposal Grants seek to reduce water and waste
disposal costs to a reasonable level for rural areas.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              142 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            March 16, 2017 Thursday
                                 Met 2 Edition

Discretionary spending could fall by $4.7 billion

BYLINE: Jose A. DelReal

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A15

LENGTH: 379 words


The Trump administration is seeking to cut $4.7 billion from the U.S. Department
of Agriculture's discretionary spending budget, according to a budget outline
obtained by The Washington Post, but the administration so far has provided
little information about how it will carry out the cuts.

The White House Office of Management and Budget's 2018 spending blueprint
requests $17.9 billion in funding for the USDA, down $4.7 billion from its 2017
funding level, or a reduction of about 21 percent. The programs facing cuts fall
under "discretionary" spending, which includes food safety, rural development
and conservation funding, research grants and international food aid. The cuts
will not affect mandatory spending programs such as the Supplemental Nutrition
Assistance Program - SNAP, also known as "food stamps" - and crop subsidies for
farmers.

The administration plans to eliminate its water and waste-disposal loan and
grant program, which helps with rural water and waste infrastructure, for a
savings of nearly $500 million. It also will seek to eliminate aspects of the
Rural Business-Cooperative Service, which supports business development and job
opportunities, because the administration called it "duplicative." That cut
would save $95 million.

"Rural communities can be served by private sector financing or other Federal
investments in rural water infrastructure, such as the Environmental Protection
Agency's State Revolving Funds," the budget document states.

The administration plans to spend $6.2 billion on the Special Supplemental
Nutrition Program for Women, Infants, and Children, down from $6.4 billion in
2017.

The document says funding for the National Forest System will be reduced, but it
does not indicate by how much; the administration is focused on "maintaining
existing forests and grasslands" rather than pursuing new land purchases.

The Agricultural Research Service might also face cuts to focus departmental
research on "the highest priority agriculture and food issues, such as
increasing farm productivity, sustaining natural resources ... and addressing
food safety and nutrition priorities," the document says. The budget also says
the USDA will reduce staffing by an unspecified number at various service
centers.

jose.delreal@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2017 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              143 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 11, 2015 Friday

Washington: Heitkamp Announces Federal Funding to Support Infrastructure in
Finley

LENGTH: 196 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Senator Heidi Heitkamp has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Senator Heidi Heitkamp announced $51,000 in federal funding to support
infrastructure development for the water tower project in Finley, ND.





 &ldquo;Rural communities across North Dakota play an important role in
supporting our state' economy, families, and way of life. Having grown up in a
small, rural town, I understand how local communities work together to keep the
water flowing and our electricity running. And this federal grant will make sure
Finely has the infrastructure funding required to provide its community with the
safe drinking water residents need.&rdquo; Said Heitkamp.



 The funds are made available through the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA)
Rural Development's Water & Waste Disposal Loan & Grant Program. A federal loan
of $64,000 was also made available for this project. Senator Heitkamp is the
Ranking Member of the Senate Agriculture Committee Subcommittee on Rural
Development and Energy which oversees USDA Rural Development.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              144 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 5, 2016 Friday

Washington: Tornillo Awarded Over $3M in Federal Loan, Grant

LENGTH: 170  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the MP Will Hurd has issued the following news release:



 A grant of $1,692,000 and a water and waste disposal loan of $1,576,000 was
announced for the Tornillo Water Improvement District by the U.S. Department of
Agriculture.





 "I am proud that local and federal agencies were able to work together to
support the community's needs. This is a huge win for the local community," said
U.S. Representative Will Hurd, whose district covers the Tornillo area.



 According to the USDA Project Announcement, these funds will be used to improve
the existing Tornillo water system with the construction of a new 40,000 gallon
water storage tank, a new well, and increasing several transmission mains. These
improvements will maintain regulatory compliance with Texas Commission on
Environmental Quality and allow the District to have sufficient capacity to
convey the water from the wells.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              145 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 21, 2017 Tuesday

Washington: Nolan's Statement on Trump's Proposed Budget

LENGTH: 589  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Rick Nolan has issued the following news release:



 U.S. Rep. Rick Nolan today responded to President Trump's proposed budget:





 "I'm gravely concerned by President Trump's drastic proposed cuts to vital
programs that Minnesotans value and depend on," Nolan said. "The simple truth is
these massive cuts to funding for environmental protection, education,
transportation and housing is bad for our national economy and national
security."



 Nolan also noted the vague nature of President Trump's Budget Blueprint to Make
America Great Again: "The President's budget does not provide the specificity
necessary to justify the massive cuts he proposes in his budget."



 Nolan cited several specific concerns in the proposed budget:



     Funding for the National Institutes of Health (NIH) suffers a $5.8 billion
cut, making it one of the hardest-hit research agencies. This funding level,
adjusting for inflation, would set cancer and other vital health research back
to levels last seen in Fiscal Year 1999.

     Funding for the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative (GLRI) is eliminated
entirely. Nolan has led the charge in Congress to secure authorized funding
through 2021 at $300 million per year.

     Funding for the Essential Air Service (EAS) is eliminated entirely. EAS
provides more than $5 million annually to airports in Brainerd, Bemidji,
Hibbing/Chisholm, and International Falls in northeastern Minnesota, and Thief
River Falls in northwestern Minnesota. President Trump's proposal claims that
"several EAS-eligible communities are relatively close to major airports, and
communities that have EAS could be served by other existing modes of
transportation." This slap in the face to rural residents demonstrates a severe
lack of knowledge about our Nation's rural communities. In Minnesota's Eighth
District, constituents rely on small airports to travel as they are 4 hours, or
more, away from a major airport.

     Funding for the Coast Guard faces a $1.3 billion cut, severely damaging the
Coast Guard's ability to protect our borders. The Coast Guard's maritime safety
work and ice breaking on the Great Lakes supports commerce, creating good-paying
jobs in Minnesota.

     Funding for the Transportation Investment Generating Economic Recovery
(TIGER) grant program is eliminated. This program awards grants to projects that
are generally eligible for funding under existing surface transportation formula
programs. Nolan helped secure $10 million in TIGER grant funding for the new
Intermodal project at the Port of Duluth, which will allow for more commerce to
travel in and out of the port of Duluth, creating good-paying jobs across the
region.

     Funding for the USDA water and waste-disposal loan and grant program is
eliminated. This program helps with water and waste infrastructure in rural
areas.

     Funding for the National Forest System is significantly reduced.

     Funding for Community Development Block Grants is eliminated, which funds,
among other things, Meals on Wheels - which, for many seniors, is the only
nutritious meal, and the only visit, they get every day.

     Funding for federal student aid programs face significant cuts.

     Funding for Federal TRIO Programs is cut by 10%. These programs provide
services to help low-income students attend and complete college.

     President Trump's proposal undermines the strength of our public school
system. by funneling hundreds of millions of dollars in public school funds to
boost charter schools and private schools.

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              146 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                       The Pennsboro News (West Virginia)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                August 28, 2013

Harrisville gets loan, grant to extend water service

BYLINE: The Pennsboro News staff

LENGTH: 223  words


State Director Bobby Lewis announced that USDA Rural Development approved a
Water and Waste Disposal Loan of $538,000 and Grant of $432,300 for the Town of
Harrisville.

The United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) remains focused on carrying
out its mission, despite a time of significant budget uncertainty. Today's
announcement is one part of the Department's efforts to strengthen the rural
economy.

"Rural Development funds will be used to extend public water service to 34
additional households that currently must rely on private wells and cisterns as
their only source of water," stated Lewis. These sources are known to produce
water of poor quality and often run dry in the summer months.

Construction will include approximately eight miles of new waterline and
necessary appurtenances.

USD Anas made a concerted effort to deliver results for the American people,
even as USDA implements sequestration, the across-the-board budget reductions
mandated under terms of the Budget Control Act. USDA has already undertaken
historic efforts since 2009 to save more than $700 million in taxpayer funds
through targeted, common-sense budget reductions. These reductions have put USDA
in a better position to cany out its mission, while implementing sequester
budget reductions in a fair manner that causes as little disruption as possible.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PEN

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2013 The Pennsboro News


                              147 of 159 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            September 7, 2007 Friday
                                 State Edition

USDA funding targets County;
$25 million given in grants, loans

BYLINE: JEN LYNDS OF THE NEWS STAFF

SECTION: Pg. A8

LENGTH: 463 words

DATELINE: CARIBOU


The last leg of a trip through Aroostook County this week by staff from the U.S.
Department of Agriculture's Rural Development agency brought checks worth more
than $12 million to businesses and organizations in Caribou and Fort Fairfield.

Officials from USDA Rural Development spent two days in The County earlier this
week handing out a total of $25 million worth of grants and loans to
beneficiaries in central Aroostook and the St. John Valley.

In Caribou on Wednesday, staff from USDA Rural Development - including Michael
Aube, state director for the agency - joined officials from the Northern Maine
Development Commission and representatives from the state's congressional
delegation to hand over a $199,000 Rural Business Enterprise Grant to NMDC.

Some of that money will help in delivering technical assistance and other
support to area manufacturers, Bob Clark, NMDC's executive director, said
Thursday.

"This could be money to help provide training to employees or maybe there is a
trade show that a manufacturer wants to attend to sell their products," Clark
said. "We will provide them with a small grant to assist them, probably a
maximum of $5,000, which they will have to match."

The grant also will provide skill building and sector awareness services for the
region's tourism industry.

Northern Maine Development Commission's Northern Maine Finance Corp. also
benefited from a $387,000 Rural Business Enterprise Grant. The money was used to
buy a building in Caribou that is geared toward helping facilitate the
development of small and emerging private businesses.

Clark said the building allows NMFC to provide affordable space for emerging
businesses to establish themselves and eventually grow. Half of the building is
being occupied and officials hope to have the remainder filled in the next
several months.

Before the day ended, the Tri-Community Recycling and Sanitary Landfill in Fort
Fairfield was handed a $12 million Water and Waste Disposal Loan.

Mark Draper, solid waste director for the landfill, said Thursday that the money
will help finance a number of projects at the site that will be completed in the
next few years.

The loan will help finance work that will allow the overall landfill to expand
vertically.

"We are going to make the landfill higher to use space more efficiently," he
said, adding that the increased capacity is projected to expand the useful life
of the landfill by 15 years.

The loan also will help with environmental remediation projects and pay for the
construction of 3,100 feet of pipeline to transport leachate from the landfill
site to the wastewater treatment plant in Caribou for treatment and disposal.

"Our intent is to have these projects completed in 2010," Draper said. "We hope
to begin work within the next two weeks."

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2007 Bangor Daily News


                              148 of 159 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                           December 17, 2011 Saturday

Loan, grant awarded for Leisure Lake sewer system

BYLINE: Telegraph Herald

SECTION: A; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 115 words


The Eastern Iowa Regional Utility Service and Systems Commission has been
awarded a Water and Waste Disposal loan and grant from the U.S. Department of
Agriculture's Rural Development Program. The funding award consists of a $1
million grant and $2,265,000 loan, which will be used to construct a new sewer
discharge and collection system for the unincorporated community of Leisure
Lake. "I am pleased that this funding is going toward building a healthier,
cleaner water system for Leisure Lake," said Sen. Tom Harkin, D-Iowa. "While
this funding is being put to good use, the project will also increase jobs in
the area, which makes it a win-win for Dubuque and the surrounding community."

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2011 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              149 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 13, 2013 Friday

SCHUMER, GILLIBRAND ANNOUNCES OVER $3.8 MILLION FOR TOWN OF CORTLANDVILLE -
FEDERAL FUNDING FOR REPAIRS TO SEWER SYSTEM

LENGTH: 230  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Charles E. Schumer, U.S Government has issued the
following news release:

Today, U.S. Senators Charles E. Schumer and Kirsten Gillibrand announced that
the Town of Cortlandville  has received a Water and Waste Disposal Loan and
Grant totaling $3,845,000 from the U.S. Department of Agriculture - Rural
Development. The award is comprised of a $3,495,000 loan and a $350,000 grant.
The funding will be used to repair the existing sewer system to bring the sewer
into compliance with the Cortland County Health Department codes.

"Efficiently supporting our rural communities with funding for clean water and
sanitary sewers is pivotal for our community and our economy," said Schumer.
"Funding sewer renewal projects in Cortlandville will boost public health and
bring infrastructure jobs to the region, which will spur local economic
development."

"This is an important investment for Cortlandville," Senator Gillibrand said.
"These federal resources to upgrade Cortlandville's sewer system will help
improve water services for families and businesses. Investing in this kind of
key infrastructure can help attract new businesses and support new jobs to help
strengthen our local economy. And when these investments are made at the federal
level, that helps reduce the burden on local taxpayers."

For further information please visit: http://www.schumer.senate.gov

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              150 of 159 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                           December 27, 2005 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

LOCAL NEWS BRIEFS

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 478 words


>Five lawmakers ready to leave by year's end

BATAVIA -- Batavia and Genesee County will lose the services of five elected
officials, four of whom have a combined tenure of nearly 70 years.

Michael T. Welsh, D-Le Roy, a county legislator for 21 years, lost a re-election
bid to a newcomer, Jerome J. Grasso. That turned the political balance on the
Legislature from 7-2 to 8-1 for the GOP.

Another legislator, Republican Richard M. Rudolph, who represented the towns of
Pembroke and Darien for 18 years, retired. Annie M. Lawrence, a member of the
Pembroke Town Board, was elected.

Another 18-year office-holder who retired was Batavia Town Supervisor June C.
Vukman. Elected to succeed her was former Town Highway Superintendent Gregory H.
Post.

The Batavia City Council will have two newcomers. Democrats Charles L. Mallow
Jr. and Timothy E. Buckley were chosen for at-large seats. Defeated was
Christine M. Fix, a Council member for 12 years and president for the past two.
Richard A. DiFilippo retired from his seat. The election narrowed the GOP
majority on the Council from 7-2 to 5-4.

-----

>Audit panel formed to review records

YORKSHIRE -- A three-member Pioneer School District audit committee to review
district records was approved last week.

The move follows an independent audit, which recently confirmed that Pioneer
Central was fiscally sound during the 2004-05 school year.

On the committee are School Board members Robert Landahl, the Rev. Neil
Kattermann and Dr. Heinke Lillenstein.

Members will serve without compensation but will be reimbursed for any
expenditures by the district, school officials said. The panel will meet
quarterly.

-----

>Town gets $455,300 for rural development

RIPLEY -- The town has been awarded $455,300 in rural development funding from
the U.S. Department of Agriculture to establish a water district, Rep. Brian M.
Higgins has announced.

Ripley also will receive a $371,000 loan through the Agriculture Department's
Water and Waste Disposal Loan and Grant Program, Higgins said. The funds will be
used for new water lines along 2.5 miles of Route 5.

-----

>Host families sought for visiting teenagers

The World Heritage Student Exchange program, a public benefit organization, is
seeking local host families for high school students from Spain, France,
Germany, Thailand, Japan, Mexico, Switzerland, Denmark and Italy.

According to agency officials, host families provide room, board and guidance
for a teenager. Couples, single parents and families with and without children
at home may apply.

The exchange students will arrive shortly before school begins in fall 2006.
Each World Heritage student is fully insured, has spending money and expects to
bear a share of household responsibilities, as well as being included in family
activities.

For information, call Diane Steiner at (800) 888-9040 or visit the Web site
www.world-heritage.org.

LOAD-DATE: December 29, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Briefs

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2005 The Buffalo News


                              151 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 4, 2014 Thursday

SCHUMER: TOWN OF KINGSBURY SEWER SYSTEM DOES NOT EXTEND TO LOCAL COMMERCIAL
DISTRICT, FORCING STORES TO CLOSE & DEVELOPMENT PROJECTS TO BE PUT ON HOLD; TOWN
IN DESPERATE NEED OF FUNDS TO EXPAND SEWER, BUT THEY HAVE BEEN CUT OFF FROM FED
PROGRAMS

LENGTH: 1751  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Charles E. Schumer, U.S Government has issued the
following news release:


Today, at Kingsbury Town Hall in Hudson Falls, U.S. Senator Charles E. Schumer
launched his push to secure funding that will help the Town of Kingsbury begin a
critical expansion of its sewer system to include the town's commercial district
along Route 32. Currently, Kingsbury's sewer system does not reach the main
commercial corridor, and businesses in that area are forced to use septic
systems or smaller sewage lines that are much more expensive than the main
Kingsbury lines. This has slowed development projects in the area and forced at
least one store to close. Ordinarily, a rural town like Kingsbury would be
eligible for USDA rural development funds to help them undertake a large sewer
expansion, but Kingsbury is one of a handful of rural towns in New York State
that are unfairly cut off from accessing these USDA funds since the town is not
technically considered rural due to having a population over 10,000. Schumer
said that the White House has created a new fund, called the Rural
Infrastructure Opportunity Fund, which has brought together private investors to
invest in rural infrastructure projects. Schumer urged the USDA and the private
investors involved in the fund to prioritize infrastructure projects in
communities like Kingsbury, who are cut off from USDA's rural development funds
due to population limits despite being rural in character, and he specifically
called on USDA and CoBank, the fund's anchor investor, to meet with Kingsbury
officials to discuss the sewer expansion.


"There is so much potential for economic development right here in the Town of
Kingsbury that has remained untapped because of a lack of sufficient sewer
infrastructure, and it is time for that to change," said Schumer. "There is a
simple solution, and it is something that the town is willing to do - extend the
Town's main sewer lines to the commercial corridor along Route 32. It just needs
to find the funding to make the project a reality, but unfortunately it has been
cut off from one its main potential funding sources, USDA rural development
funds, due to its population being too large. But there is a new USDA-supported
rural infrastructure fund that could be a great avenue for the Town to access
the funding it needs, and I am calling on the White USDA and the private
investors involved in the fund to meet with Kingsbury officials to determine
what can be done to get this project underway, and to prioritize projects in
towns like Kingsbury that are cut off from traditional federal funding streams."

Kingsbury's commercial district is centered on State Route 32, however, even
though it is a main commercial hub, the area is not part of Washington County's
Sewer District #2, which serves the majority of Kingsbury.  Rather, residents
and businesses located along Route 32 are either forced to use private septic
systems or one of the four small "out-of-district" sewage lines, which are very
expensive.

This lack of adequate sewer infrastructure has significantly hindered
development in the commercial corridor. Specifically, it has forced at least one
store - a laundromat - out of business and stalled many other development
projects in the area. For example, according to the Town, there is one local
restaurant in the area that wishes to expand, as well as numerous other
businesses that would like to take over vacant storefronts, however these
businesses are finding that expanding or relocating is not economically viable
if the area is not part of the Town's main sewer district. Additionally, there
are two proposed mixed residential and commercial developments, which would add
a combined 300 units to the Town, that are currently on hold due to this sewer
issue, further stalling economic development.

Schumer said that many of these economic development projects could get underway
if the commercial corridor were linked to the Town's primary sewer district. The
Town of Kingsbury currently has plans in place to expand its main sewer district
- Sewer District #2 - to include the commercial corridor but, like many rural
towns on a tight budget, it is unable to shoulder the costs. Rural towns like
Kingsbury would ordinarily be able to apply for funds for this type of
infrastructure project through the USDA's rural development program, but, in
Kingsbury's case, its population is too large for it to be eligible. The Town
has nearly 12,000 people, which puts it just over the 10,000-person population
limit that a town needs to be under in order to be considered "rural" by the
USDA to access wastewater infrastructure loans and grants.

Schumer said that this strict population cut-off unfairly impacts Kingsbury and
many upstate towns like it by putting critical rural development funds out of
reach. Schumer, however, pointed to a new potential funding stream for Kingsbury
and other towns like it to undertake major rural infrastructure projects, the
recently-created White House Rural Infrastructure Opportunity Fund. This fund is
supported by private capital, and investors will work with the USDA to invest in
job-creating rural infrastructure projects across the country. Most importantly
for Kingsbury, this fund does not have any sort of population limit to be
eligible, and Schumer said that this fund could be the perfect avenue for
Kingsbury and other towns that are rural in nature, but not technically rural
according to USDA standards, to access the capital they need to undertake major
infrastructure projects.

Therefore, Schumer is urging the USDA and the private investors involved in the
fund to prioritize projects in towns like Kingsbury that are cut off from
traditional USDA rural development funds. He is also urging those involved in
the Fund to specifically consider the sewer expansion in Kingsbury for funding,
and he is asking the USDA and CoBank - the lead bank in the fund - to meet with
Kingsbury officials to discuss the sewer expansion and discuss funding options.
In Kingsbury's case, their sewer expansion is estimated to cost approximately
$25 million, with $5-$10 million needed for phase 1, which will connect the
commercial district to the main Kingsbury sewer lines. A loan through the Rural
Infrastructure Opportunity Fund would allow Kingsbury to get this project
underway, which it is ready to do within the year, and pay back the costs over
time at a reasonable rate.

Schumer was joined by James Lindsay, Supervisor for the Town of Kingsbury; Mitch
Suprenant, Supervisor for the Town of Fort Edward; Joe Brilling Executive
Director of Washington County Sewer District #2; Matt Fuller, ESQ, Counsel for
the Town of Kingsbury.

"We have been looking to extend our sewer into our commercial district for quite
some time in order to stimulate economic development and job growth, but our
size has prohibited us from accessing traditional federal funding programs,"
said James Lindsay, Supervisor for the Town of Kingsbury. "This new fund looks
like it could be a great avenue for us to finally get our sewer expansion
underway, and I greatly appreciate Senator Schumer's efforts to get this project
moving forward."

The new Rural Infrastructure Opportunity Fund is a private fund that is anchored
by CoBank, a national cooperative bank, and managed by Capitol Peek Asset
Management, which will work to recruit additional private companies to
participate in the investment fund. The goal of this fund is to provide rural
towns and communities with access to private capital to undertake major
infrastructure projects that are traditionally hard to fund. This fund will
complement the USDA's continual efforts to identify potential investment
opportunities in rural towns and communities for public-private partnerships to
fund. While the USDA will not contribute capital to this fund, the Rural
Infrastructure Opportunity Fund is meant to become yet another tool that allows
the USDA to match potential investors with rural projects in communities that
need funding.

A copy of Senator Schumer's letter to the USDA appears below:

Dear Secretary Vilsack:

I am writing you today to urge you to utilize the newly announced U.S. Rural
Infrastructure Opportunity Fund to assist communities that have long been
ineligible for USDA Rural Development Funds due to strict population limits.
Many rural communities across New York State have significant infrastructure
needs, but do not have access to USDA grants and loans for infrastructure
because of program limitations. I encourage you to employ the resources of the
Rural Infrastructure Opportunity Fund to provide capital for this unique group
of rural communities that have for too long have not had access to traditional
USDA funding.

As you know, the Rural Infrastructure Opportunity Fund is a privately
capitalized fund structured to complement existing USDA rural development
programs. This new and creative approach offers a fresh source of funding for
rural infrastructure projects such as water and wastewater systems, energy
projects, hospitals, schools, and broadband. It is critical that USDA uses its
vast network and existing relationships with rural communities across rural New
York to identify and bring together private investors and communities that have
in the past not been able to access USDA's existing rural infrastructure
programs.

As Rural America continues to transform in order to meet the needs of a twenty
first century economy, it is critical that progress is not inhibited by
inadequate infrastructure. For example, in New York over sixty rural communities
with populations under fifty thousand are ineligible to apply for USDA's Water
and Waste Disposal Loans, Loan Guarantees or the Community Facilities Loans,
Loan Guarantees, and Grants programs due to population limits. Innovative
businesses in these rural communities are seeking to make investments in
industries that feed America and drive our bio-based economy, but cannot do so
without adequate infrastructure.

I commend you on your innovative efforts to expand access to capital for rural
communities across the country, however I encourage you to take this unique
opportunity to bridge the funding gap for many of our nation's rural communities
that fall outside of USDA's current rural infrastructure programs. Thank you for
your attention to this important matter.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              152 of 159 DOCUMENTS


                     The Chronicle (Centralia, Washington)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 7, 2014 Friday

Audit Reveals Financial Troubles in Tenino

BYLINE: Lisa Broadt, The Chronicle, Centralia, Wash.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 833 words


Feb. 07--Tenino faces increasing debt and stagnant expenditures, according to
its 2012 state audit.

The audit has two findings: the city must improve its work process to ensure
reliable financial reporting, and the city's financial condition puts it at risk
of not being able to pay its debts.

Financial trouble in Tenino began about four years ago.

The city's general fund cash balance in 2008 and 2009 remained steady at about
$190,000.

But, in 2010, the city's expenditures outpaced its revenues by $177,000, and by
the year's end, the fund balance had plummeted to $19,000.

It fell further in 2011, this time into the red, with a -$27,000 balance.

In 2012 the balance came back up to $44,000.

There are, however, some questions about how the financials were handled in
2012, a year that saw staff changes with the mayor, two city council members,
the clerk/treasurer, the police chief and the city attorney.

The rapid changes, particularly of the clerk/treasurer -- the role was held by
four different people in 2012 -- hindered the city council's access to the
timely and accurate information needed to track the city's finances, according
to the audit.

Also, the city does not track whether restricted funds are used to cover
negative fund balances.

Because it could make unauthorized inter-fund loans, Tenino is at risk for
permanent diversion of funds with one fund benefitting another if inter-fund
loans are used and not able to be repaid.

According to Tenino Mayor Bret Brodersen, this borrowing, while not ideal, is
needed to get by.

"Because the city relies largely on state shared revenues and tax revenues which
are not distributed equally each month, the city does find itself under and over
recovering on a month-to-month basis in the general fund," Brodersen wrote in
response to the audit. "Typically, this is not problematic in times when cities
are able to carry forward substantial fund balances, unfortunately ... this has
not been a luxury for Tenino for many years."

Right now, the city is struggling.

In 2013, the city's unaudited general fund balances ranged from -$4,811 in
January to -$31,041 in April. As of Sept. 30, the city's balance was $26,689.

General fund expenditures exceeded revenues in two of the prior three years.

Tenino must, according to the Auditor's Office, find more ways to cut costs.

"The city's revenues have not kept up with expenditures," the auditor wrote.
"The city council has been resistant to cut services or increase utility rates."

The city has taken some steps to increase revenue.

It raised rates for the quarry pool and dog license fees and instituted hiring,
travel and wage freezes to reduce expenditures. However, those moves generated
minimal revenue increases, according to the audit.

But, Brodersen said, the city's recently adopted business and occupation tax
will help offset expenses.

"In order to address the chronic situation of not having sufficient resources to
cover the on-going cost of maintaining the city, the city council has passed the
collection of Business and Occupation Taxes beginning (fiscal year) 2014,"
Brodersen said. "This should help with sustaining current services to the
citizens of Tenino."

The biggest problem comes with paying off debt service.

Looming repayments for the water and sewer system threaten to take the city from
unstable to bankrupt.

In 2008, Tenino secured the money needed to build its first wastewater treatment
plant and collection facility.

The project was funded by a $2.5 million United States Department of Agriculture
water and waste disposal loan, a $1.4 million USDA water and waste disposal
grant, a contribution from Tenino for about $500,000, an $8 million Washington
Public Works Board Trust Fund loan, a $4.4 million state appropriations grant,
$2.5 million in capacity fees and $30,000 in tap fees.

Each home in the district also paid to hook-up, install a grinder pump and
upgrade their electrical panels to accommodate the new system.

The new wastewater treatment plant was finished in 2011, and Tenino now meets
federal and state water quality standards.

The capacity of the wastewater treatment facilities is estimated to accommodate
population growth through 2026.

Meanwhile, the city has scheduled debt service payments ranging from $458,000 to
$583,000 over the next 15 years.

According to the auditor, the city's revenue may not be enough to repay its
loans.

But, according to Brodersen, last year the city contracted a rate study to
assist the council in determining the fee adjustments needed to ensure the sewer
has enough money to cover its daily operations and maintenance, debt reduction
and reserves for future needs.

"As a temporary stop gap action," Brodersen said, "the council will put forward
a rate adjustment in early 2014 while waiting for the results of the rate
study."

The council made its first rate adjustment at its last meeting.

___ (c)2014 The Chronicle (Centralia, Wash.) Visit The Chronicle (Centralia,
Wash.) at www.chronline.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140207-1CE-Audit-Reveals-Financial-Troubles-in-Tenino-0207-20140207

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1CE


                          Copyright 2014 The Chronicle


                              153 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 20, 2015 Tuesday

Agency Information Collection Activities; Proposals, Submissions, and Approvals

LENGTH: 667 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington, DC:  This Notice document was issued by the Rural Business
Cooperative Service (RBS)



  The Department of Agriculture has submitted the following information
collection requirement(s) to OMB for review and clearance under the Paperwork
Reduction Act of 1995, Public Law 104-13. Comments regarding (a) whether the
collection of information is necessary for the proper performance of the
functions of the agency, including whether the information will have practical
utility; (b) the accuracy of the agency's estimate of burden including the
validity of the methodology and assumptions used; (c) ways to enhance the
quality, utility and clarity of the information to be collected; (d) ways to
minimize the burden of the collection of information on those who are to
respond, including through the use of appropriate automated, electronic,
mechanical, or other technological collection techniques or other forms of
information technology should be addressed to: Desk Officer for Agriculture,
Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs, Office of Management and Budget
(OMB), New Executive Office Building, 725 17th Street NW., Washington, DC 20502.
Commenters are encouraged to submit their comments to OMB via email to:

OIRA_Submission@omb.eop.gov or fax (202) 395-5806 and to Departmental Clearance
Office, USDA, OCIO, Mail Stop 7602, Washington, DC 20250-7602. Comments
regarding these information collections are best assured of having their full
effect if received by November 19, 2015. Copies of the submission(s) may be
obtained by calling (202) 720-8681.



 An agency may not conduct or sponsor a collection of information unless the
collection of information displays a currently valid OMB control number and the
agency informs potential persons who are to respond to the collection of
information that such persons are not required to respond to the collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB control number.

 Rural Business-Cooperative Service



 Title: Strategic Economic and Community Development.



 OMB Control Number: 0570-0068.



 Summary of Collection: As authorized under the Agricultural Act of 2014 (2014
Farm Bill), Section 6025, Strategic Economic and Community Development enables
the Secretary of Agriculture to provide priority to projects that support
Strategic Economic and Community Development plans. The Agency will reserve up
to 10 percent of the funds appropriated to the following seven Rural Development
programs (which are referred to as the &ldquo;underlying programs&rdquo;):
Community Facility Grants; Community Facility Guaranteed Loans; Community
Facility Direct Loans; Water and Waste Disposal Loans and Grants; Water and
Waste Disposal Guaranteed Loans; Business and Industry Guaranteed Loans and
Rural Business Development Grants each fiscal year.



 Need and use of the Information: To be eligible for the reserved funds a
project must meet three criteria: Projects must first be eligible for funding
under the underlying program from which funds are reserved; carried out solely
in rural areas and that the project support the implementation of a strategic
economic development or community development plan on a multi-jurisdictional
basis as defined in 7 CFR 1980.1005. Applicants will submit information on the
Application Form 1980-88, the Plan that the project supports, and the project's
measures, metrics and outcome. The collection of information is necessary for
the Agency to identify projects eligible for the reserved funding under the
Section 6025 program and to prioritize eligible applications.



 Description of Respondents: Business or other for-profit.



 Number of Respondents: 374.



 Frequency of Responses: Reporting: On occasion.



 Total Burden Hours: 3,348.

 Charlene Parker,

 Departmental Information Collection Clearance Officer.

 [FR Doc. 2015-26528 Filed 10-19-15; 8:45 am]

 BILLING CODE 3410-XY-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              154 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 20, 2015 Tuesday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Submission for OMB Review; Comment Request

LENGTH: 681 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



   DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Business Cooperative Service Submission for
OMB Review; Comment Request October 14, 2015. The Department of Agriculture has
submitted the following information collection requirement(s) to OMB for review
and clearance under the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, Public Law 104-13.
Comments regarding (a) whether the collection of information is necessary for
the proper performance of the functions of the agency, including whether the
information will have practical utility; (b) the accuracy of the agency's
estimate of burden including the validity of the methodology and assumptions
used; (c) ways to enhance the quality, utility and clarity of the information to
be collected; (d) ways to minimize the burden of the collection of information
on those who are to respond, including through the use of appropriate automated,
electronic, mechanical, or other technological collection techniques or other
forms of information technology should be addressed to: Desk Officer for
Agriculture, Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs, Office of Management
and Budget (OMB), New Executive Office Building, 725 17th Street NW.,
Washington, DC 20502. Commenters are encouraged to submit their comments to OMB
via email to:

OIRA_Submission@omb.eop.gov or fax (202) 395-5806 and to Departmental Clearance
Office, USDA, OCIO, Mail Stop 7602, Washington, DC 20250-7602. Comments
regarding these information collections are best assured of having their full
effect if received by November 19, 2015. Copies of the submission(s) may be
obtained by calling (202) 720-8681. An agency may not conduct or sponsor a
collection of information unless the collection of information displays a
currently valid OMB control number and the agency informs potential persons who
are to respond to the collection of information that such persons are not
required to respond to the collection of information unless it displays a
currently valid OMB control number. Rural Business-Cooperative Service Title:
Strategic Economic and Community Development. OMB Control Number: 0570-0068.
Summary of Collection: As authorized under the Agricultural Act of 2014 (2014
Farm Bill), Section 6025, Strategic Economic and Community Development enables
the Secretary of Agriculture to provide priority to projects that support
Strategic Economic and Community Development plans. The Agency will reserve up
to 10 percent of the funds appropriated to the following seven Rural Development
programs (which are referred to as the ``underlying programs''): Community
Facility Grants; Community Facility Guaranteed Loans; Community Facility Direct
Loans; Water and Waste Disposal Loans and Grants; Water and Waste Disposal
Guaranteed Loans; Business and Industry Guaranteed Loans and Rural Business
Development Grants each fiscal year. Need and use of the Information: To be
eligible for the reserved funds a project must meet three criteria: Projects
must first be eligible for funding under the underlying program from which funds
are reserved; carried out solely in rural areas and that the project support the
implementation of a strategic economic development or community development plan
on a multi-jurisdictional basis as defined in 7 CFR 1980.1005. Applicants will
submit information on the Application Form 1980-88, the Plan that the project
supports, and the project's measures, metrics and outcome. The collection of
information is necessary for the Agency to identify projects eligible for the
reserved funding under the Section 6025 program and to prioritize eligible
applications. Description of Respondents: Business or other for-profit. Number
of Respondents: 374. Frequency of Responses: Reporting: On occasion. Total
Burden Hours: 3,348. Charlene Parker, Departmental Information Collection
Clearance Officer. [FR Doc. 2015-26528 Filed 10-19-15; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE
3410-XY-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              155 of 159 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                              June 22, 2012 Friday

3rd briefs for Saturday, June 23, 2012

LENGTH: 1098 words


Super Duper Mini Chefs event


BANGOR -- The Super Duper Mini Chefs event will take place at 10 a.m. Saturday,
June 23, Center Court, Bangor Mall.


Young cooks and little foodies can explore the creativity of cuisine through
demonstrations and activities. Kids can learn to play Nickelodeon's new "iCarly:
Groovy Foodie!" game, based on the television series "iCarly."


Ruby Tuesday will provide a build your own salad bar; Sbarro's will teach the
art of dough stretching; Uno's will have pizza shells with pizza toppings and
Dairy Queen will prepare smoothies. Hannaford will provide cupcakes to decorate
and Bugaboo Creek will have make your own yogurt parfaits. Moxie Moose will stop
in for a visit.


Event attendees will receive a recipe card for spaghetti tacos and a Simon
Kidgits Club plate. Children are encouraged to bring in a nonperishable food
item to the mall to be donated to their local food bank.


For information about the Simon Kidgits Club and Super Duper Mini Chefs events,
visit www.simon.com/kidgets, www.facebook.com/BangorMallMaine or
twitter.com/BangorMall.Camp CaPella Opens


DEDHAM -- Monday, June 25, will be the official opening of the Camp CaPella
summer season for campers ages 5-13 with physical and developmental
disabilities.


For families who may be concerned about the costs involved in sending their
child to camp, Dana Mosher notes that no campers or families have been turned
away from Camp CaPella due to financial problems.


Applications are available online at the Camp CaPella website at
www.campcapella.org or by calling the camp office at 843-5104.Alzheimer's and
dementia caregiver program


BANGOR -- Dementia Care Strategies Inc. will hold two sessions of the six-week
Maine Savvy Caregiver Program for family caregivers caring for an individual
with Alzheimer's disease or a related dementia at home starting in July.


Both sessions will run on Wednesdays starting July 11 and run through August 15.
The first session will be held 2-4 p.m. at Colonial Healthcare in Lincoln. The
second session will be held 5:15-7:15 p.m. at Winterberry Heights in Bangor.
There is no cost to attend.


Program participants will learn what dementia is and how it affects personality
and behavior; develop a sense of confidence in caring for a person with
dementia, gain skill in how to care for themselves and reduce the stress of
caregiving, and learn proven techniques for how to effectively interact with
their family member and manage challenging behaviors.


The program is sponsored by the Maine Department of Health and Human Services,
Office of Aging and Disability Services with funding from the U.S.
Administration on Aging. Space is limited and preregistration is required.


For information or to register, call Kathryn Pears at 751-8183 or email
dementiacare@gwi.net.JD Foundation to hold yard sale


ABBOT -- The JD Foundation will hold its 4th Annual Yard Sale from 8 a.m. to 4
p.m. Friday through Sunday, June 29-July 1, at J.D. Foundation Headquarters,
corner of Route 15 and 16.


The organization is a nonprofit serving as an educational tool for the state of
Maine to help reduce the rates of suicide through awareness, education and
eliminating the causes around suicide and depression.


As many as 30-40 volunteers are making this event possible. Some activities
include a four-wheeler which has been donated will be auctioned, a snowmobile
helmet will be raffled. Many companies have come forward to support the
Foundation and to ensure the yard sale is a huge success.


For information about the Foundation, call 876-2295 or
www.thejdfoundation.org.Funding for Dexter water infrastructure


DEXTER -- Sen. Debra Plowman, R-Hampden, and Rep. Ray Wallace, R-Dexter,
announced today that they have been informed by USDA Rural Development State
Director Virginia Manuel that Dexter Utility District will receive funds
totaling $1.9 million through the agency's Water and Waste Programs.


The funding consists of $1.1 million in Water and Waste Disposal Loan and
$800,000 in Water and Waste Disposal Grant funds.


The project is significant to Dexter and is necessary for completion before the
Maine Department of Transportation implements plans for major road work on Route
7, the main corridor through the town. Dexter Utility District hopes to complete
the necessary upgrades to the water mains before the MDOT work begins.


The mains will be relocated to under sidewalks to make future access easier
should future repair work be needed.Bangor Band to perform at Fairmount Park


BANGOR -- The Bangor Band will offer the third concert of its 2012 Summer
Concert Series with a concert at 7 p.m. Tuesday, June 26, at Fairmount Park.


This concert is free to the public, although donations are welcomed. This is the
only concert in Fairmount Park during this summer.


Various locations are being considered this summer for the Bangor Band's new
summer location. Input from the community will be welcomed, and there will be a
short survey available at all concerts this summer for people to provide their
opinions.


The Band's ongoing sponsor is Bangor Parks and Rec. The summer concert schedule
is listed online at www.bangorband.org.


For information on becoming a cosponsor of the Bangor Band, contact either Sue
McKay at info@bangorband.org or by phone at 945-939 or Valerie Carter at
valerie.carter@umit.maine.edu or 947-0607.CISV hosts students from 12 countries


HOLDEN -- The Maine Chapter of CISV will host 48 11-year-olds from 12 countries,
including the United States, in a four-week camp beginning Friday, June 29,
through Sunday, July 29, at the Holbrook School, 202 Kidder Hill Road.


This is the ninth multinational village hosted by the Maine chapter since 1987.
Delegations of four youngsters, two boys and two girls, will arrive from
Argentina, Australia, Brazil, Canada, Denmark, Finland, Germany, Guatemala,
Italy, Norway, Sweden and the U.S. Each of the delegations travels with an adult
leader. Valerie Maurais of Old Town, a nationally recognized CISV leader, will
direct the village, dubbed "Artists of the World: Creating a MasterPeace."


Summer Villages are designed to encourage peace education, creative expression
and cross-cultural friendship. Participants also learn about Maine and the
United States during field trips and a weekend with area host families.


The public is invited to visit the village on Open Day at 2 p.m. Friday, July
13. Members of the international delegations, dressed in native costumes, will
give short performances representing their countries.


For information, contact Penny Lamhut, 951-0538.


For information about CISV Maine, visit maine.cisvusa.org.

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Bangor Daily News


                              156 of 159 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                              March 7, 2008 Friday
                         State Edition; Coastal Edition

North Haven wins aid for sewer-water project

SECTION: Pg. B2

LENGTH: 98 words

DATELINE: NORTH HAVEN


The town will receive a water and waste disposal loan and grant from the U.S.
Department of Agriculture's Rural Development Program, U.S. Sens. Olympia J.
Snowe and Susan Collins have announced.

The town will receive a loan for $500,000 and a grant for $200,000 to help the
community "to update and modernize its wastewater and sewer system ... to
replace about 1,500 feet of old clay sewer pipe, address environmental concerns
and ... help ensure that the town is able to provide the quality service its
residents depend on," according to a press release from Maine's Republican
senators.

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2008 Bangor Daily News


                              157 of 159 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            February 19, 2010 Friday
                                 State Edition

USDA state director: Recovery Act aids County

BYLINE: JEN LYNDS OF THE NEWS STAFF

SECTION: Pg. B3

LENGTH: 856 words

DATELINE: EAGLE LAKE


While there are critics who say President Barack Obama's American Recovery and
Reinvestment Act has been too costly and has not delivered on the promise of job
creation, Virginia Manuel is not one of them.

Manuel, the U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural Development state director,
said Thursday the $787 billion Recovery Act has "definitely" helped the state,
including assisting with the financing of significant projects in Aroostook
County.

"There is no doubt in my mind that Recovery Act funds have made a difference in
Maine," she said during a telephone interview from Washington, D.C., where she
is meeting with other state directors and federal officials. "To date, USDA
Rural Development has invested $233 million in Maine communities through the
Recovery Act, assisting local businesses, water and waste infrastructure,
community facilities, and homeowners across the state."

The result is that jobs are being saved and created, keeping and putting
citizens back to work during a difficult economic period, she said.

USDA Rural Development works to increase economic opportunity and improve the
quality of life for rural residents. Its programs are designed to enhance the
economic stability of rural communities, businesses, residents and farmers, and
improve the quality of life in rural Maine.

The Recovery Act Obama signed into law on Feb. 17, 2009, provides $787 billion
nationwide for a wide range of federal programs, including measures to modernize
infrastructure, enhance energy independence, expand educational opportunities,
preserve and improve affordable health care and provide tax relief.

Obama lauded the first anniversary of the economic stimulus law on Wednesday,
calling it a major accomplishment, and saying that it staved off even tougher
economic times by keeping up to 2 million people on the job.

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack agreed.

"President Obama's Recovery Act has helped create jobs and lay a new foundation
for economic growth during the greatest economic crisis since the Great
Depression," he said. "USDA has used Recovery Act funding to create badly needed
jobs and stimulate local economies, help farmers and rural businesses make it
through tough times, ensure that struggling families can put food on the table,
and build and revitalize critical infrastructure in rural communities across
America."

Critics have pegged the act as too costly and have remained skeptical about how
many jobs have been created as a result of the relief measure.

While Manuel acknowledged that some of the jobs created are temporary, she said,
"You can't invest $233 million in communities across the state without seeing an
impact."

Manuel touched on a number of USDA Rural Development projects in The County that
have benefited from Recovery Act funding.

In Eagle Lake, Northern Maine General Hospital received $1 million through a
community facility direct loan to construct a new office building.

Among other problems, the current office building does not meet some safety
codes and is not compliant with standards set forth by the federal Americans
With Disabilities Act. The two-story structure also is more than 60 years old
and originally was a residential facility. It was not set up to handle the
electrical needs of a busy office building. There have been two electrical fires
in the building in the last few years, raising additional safety concerns.

Construction on the new building is approximately 50 percent complete. The
building will house a business office as well as service program offices that
will ensure an uninterrupted continuum of care for the clients the hospital
serves.

Hospital CEO Reynold Raymond said the project would not have become a reality
without Recovery Act funds. He said the funding helped assure that 20 people
would keep their jobs, and the additional space will make it possible for the
facility to increase its program staff by adding 10 new employees.

"The funds also added a boost to our community's economy by providing jobs
during what is usually the slowest season for carpenters, electricians,
plumbers, and distributors," he said. The facility is set to open June 1.

In Fort Kent, USDA Rural Development assisted the community with a Water and
Waste Disposal Loan of $531,000 and grant of $2.6 million to replace water and
wastewater infrastructure that was severely damaged by flooding in April 2008.
The damage left the infrastructure unable to meet health and safety codes.

Work on the project began last November and included installation of a bypass
piping system to minimize the effect of floodwaters. Work will resume in April
2010. The second phase of the project is in the bid phase, a contract expected
to be awarded in March. Construction could begin in April, and the work should
be completed this year.

"The Recovery Act has helped to save jobs, and I believe that Maine will
continue to benefit from the act," said Manuel. "We are not the only agency
getting money; we are just a part of it. I believe that every bit we get is
going to help the state and the people in it."


The Associated Press


contributed to this report.

jlynds@bangordailynews.net

538-6567

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Bangor Daily News


                              158 of 159 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 23, 2015 Thursday

CONGRESSMAN THOMPSON ANNOUNCES $995,870 AWARDED TO THE G. T. & Y. Utility
District

LENGTH: 163  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the House of Representative Bennie G. Thompson, U.S Government has
issued the following news release:

Today, United States Representative Bennie G. Thompson (D-MS) announced The
United States Department of Agriculture Rural Development has approved a loan of
$559,000 and a grant of $436,870 through the Water and Waste Disposal Loan and
Grant Program to the G. T. & Y. Utility District in Grenada County.

The Rural Development funds will be used to paint and repair the system's
storage tanks; install new distribution line upgrades in Grenada County, install
1,300 radio read meters with the appropriate computer hardware and software,
install 20 fire hydrants and install two (2) standby generators at two (2) of
the well sites. The project is located in Grenada and Tallahatchie Counties
which are both Persistent Poverty and Strike Force Counties.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              159 of 159 DOCUMENTS


                              The Lima News (Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                               May 7, 2010 Friday

BRIEF:

BYLINE: The Lima News, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 175 words


May 7--RAWSON -- Tony Logan, state director for USDA Rural Development announced
Wednesday approval of $407,000 in financing to the Village of Rawson. The
funding will be used to finance expansion of the wastewater treatment plant and
comes from Rural Development's Water and Waste Disposal Loan and Grant Program.

The expansion will increase capacity and accommodate the village's future
growth, as well as provide service to neighboring communities of Mount Cory and
Benton Ridge. Additionally, the village contributed $100,000 to the project
while the Ohio Public Works Commission added $14,000. Those efforts brought the
project costs to $521,000.

To see more of The Lima News or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.limanews.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Lima News, Ohio Distributed by
McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100507-LM-BRF-0507

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LM


                          Copyright 2010 The Lima News
