
                              501 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Daily Telegraph (LONDON)

                           February 23, 2008 Saturday

Corser in pole position for season opener

BYLINE: Dave Fern in Qatar

SECTION: SPORT; MOTORCYCLING; Pg. 27

LENGTH: 354 words


TROY CORSER'S confidence was boosted as he scorched to Superpole start for
today's opening round of the World Superbike Championship, negotiating the
Losail circuit inside his own lap record.

The Australian, who won the first race at this desert circuit three years ago,
has been consistently fast throughout qualifying as he prepares for what he
intends to be a winning start to a campaign that could bring him the title for a
third time.

"I really love this track and the bike works pretty well around here,'' said the
Yamaha Italia rider after he clocked 1min 58.053sec around the 3.343-mile
circuit - half a second faster than the rest.

"I'm a bit more relaxed now and my confidence is up,'' added Corser as he sensed
the opportunity to open a points lead over his fellow Australian Troy Bayliss,
who is regarded by many as the favourite to take the title, also for a third
time.

Bayliss, 38, is still recovering from a heavy crash six weeks ago at his home
Philip Island circuit in which he broke both a collarbone and sternum but he
provided a battling performance in the windy conditions to run seventh best on
the factory Ducati 1098R, which is making a racing debut here, although his lap
time was more than a second down on Corser.

Bayliss, starting what is expected to be his last season in motorcycle racing,
was somewhat embarrassed by both Ruben Xaus and Max Biaggi, who put their
privateer Ducatis on to a front row which was completed by the young German
rider Max Nuekirchner riding Suzuki.

Biaggi, a winner in the corresponding round last year, will again be in the
running for the title, but the rider most likely to upset the duel between the
two Troys over the 15-round series is Noriyuki Haga, who despite taking a heavy
tumble and bashing his head on Thursday, still managed a starting slot for his
Yamaha alongside Bayliss.

For the first time there are no British riders on the Superbike grid, but, in
the World Supersport Championship which runs on the same billing, there is a
strong contingent, with Craig Jones and Jonathan Rea both title candidates.

They secured front-row starts for their respective Hondas.

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 Telegraph Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              502 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

                           December 27, 2007 Thursday

Stunts are not allowed, says circuit manager;
Malaysian police and circuit management are investigating Sunday's accident

BYLINE: Carolyn Quek

LENGTH: 468  words


THE body of a 28-year-old amateur motorcycle racer was cremated yesterday, three
days after he died in a freak collision on the Johor Racing Circuit in Pasir
Gudang.

Mr Marcus Tan, a technician, was ending a practice run on Sunday afternoon when
his Ducati motorcycle collided into a Suzuki motorbike ridden by another
Singaporean.

Witnesses say that 31-year-old Mr Effendy Rahim had just performed a racing
stunt in which the back wheel is lifted off the ground and the motorbike
balances on the front.

Mr Tan - an experienced rider and regular face at the circuit - braked but was
unable to avoid hitting the Suzuki. He was thrown off his motorcycle and died
almost two hours later in hospital from internal bleeding.

Mr Effendy escaped with minor injuries. On Monday night, he went to Mr Tan's
wake to apologise to the dead man's family.

When contacted by The Straits Times yesterday, Johor Racing Circuit manager Avin
Virick said that motorcycle stunts are not allowed on the track. 'It's a track
just for riding,' Mr Virick said.

Built in 1986, the 3.8km circuit is used by about 300 motorbike riders - half of
whom are Singaporean - every month. There were about 50 riders using it on
Sunday as there was a discount on the fee.

A medical officer at the track attended to Mr Tan almost immediately and tried
to stabilise him, said Mr Virick.

An ambulance arrived within five to seven minutes to take him to a nearby
hospital.

All riders must have their attire checked to make sure they are wearing helmets
and leather apparel before they are allowed on the circuit.

'However, once they are out on the track, it is very hard for us to control the
riders and their vehicles,' said Mr Virick.

It is 'very common' to have riders fall off their motorcycles and suffer cuts
and bruises, but serious accidents on the race track are rare, he said.

'We are very shocked by the accident,' he added.

The Malaysian police and the racing circuit management are investigating the
incident.

If he is found to be responsible for the accident, Mr Effendy may be suspended
or banned from riding at the racing circuit, Mr Virick said.

While saddened by the loss of the elder of his two sons, Mr Tan Kok Hiong said:
'We've told Marcus' friends to continue to pursue their passion in riding, but
to practise extreme caution.'

Asked what Mr Effendy had said to his family at the wake, Mr Tan declined to
reveal the content, saying he would rather keep it private.

carolynq@sph.com.sg

HARD TO CONTROL BIKERS

'Once they are out on the track, it is very hard for us to control the riders
and their vehicles.'

JOHOR RACING CIRCUIT MANAGER AVIN VIRICK

RIDE ON, BUT BE CAREFUL

'We've told Marcus' friends to continue to pursue their passion in riding, but
to practise extreme caution.'

MR TAN KOK HIONG, father of Mr Marcus Tan, who died in a freak crash

LOAD-DATE: December 26, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2007 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              503 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                   Daily Star

                             July 21, 2007 Saturday
                                U.K. 1st Edition

Bike ace Ollie dies in crash

BYLINE: by DAVE FERN

SECTION: SPORT; 51

LENGTH: 339 words


THE world of motorcycling was in mourning last night after young British rider
Ollie Bridewell was killed during practice for tomorrow's Bennetts British
Superbike Championship round at Mallory Park.

Bridewell, 21, suffered head and neck injuries when he crashed after completing
a handful of laps during a rain-hit session.

He was powering out of the Esses section of the Leicestershire circuit when his
bike swerved out of line.

Bridewell, in his second full season of Superbike action, was thrown off the
machine and landed heavily on the track.

The action was stopped immediately as the championship and circuit medical teams
were scrambled to the aid of the injured rider.

Bridewell was treated at the scene and then moved to the circuit medical centre
where he was pronounced dead.

Bridewell's younger brother Tommy - who also rides for the NB Suzuki team - and
his father Marcus were watching the action at trackside when they learned of the
crash.

No other rider was involved. Race organisers MCRCB are investigating the
incident.

Race director Stuart Higgs said: "Initial evidence shows that he lost control
and fell from his machine, making a heavy impact with the surface and then the
protective barrier.

"He sustained critical head and neck injuries.

"He was treated initially at trackside and then at the circuit medical centre by
the BSB medical team, where he succumbed to his injuries.

"On behalf of MCRCB Events and the BSB community we extend our profound
sympathies."

Top rider Michael Rutter paid tribute to Bridewell, from Devizes, Wiltshire.

Rutter said: "Ollie was highly talented and a very popular young lad who
everyone knew and got on with.

"It is tragic when something like this happens.

"Our thoughts are with his mum and dad, Tommy, and the rest of the family."

At the time of the stoppage, Shane Byrne - riding the Stobart Honda - was
running fastest.

But with heavy rain setting in, it was decided to suspend the session.

All practice and qualifying will take place this morning, with tomorrow's races
going ahead as planned.

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: BRIDEWELL: Fatal fall
FASTEST: Shane Byrne in practice yesterday

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 EXPRESS NEWSPAPERS
                              All Rights Reserved


                              504 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                   Daily Star

                             July 21, 2007 Saturday
                                U.K. 1st Edition

Bike ace Ollie dies in crash

BYLINE: by DAVE FERN

SECTION: SPORT; 51

LENGTH: 339 words


THE world of motorcycling was in mourning last night after young British rider
Ollie Bridewell was killed during practice for tomorrow's Bennetts British
Superbike Championship round at Mallory Park.

Bridewell, 21, suffered head and neck injuries when he crashed after completing
a handful of laps during a rain-hit session.

He was powering out of the Esses section of the Leicestershire circuit when his
bike swerved out of line.

Bridewell, in his second full season of Superbike action, was thrown off the
machine and landed heavily on the track.

The action was stopped immediately as the championship and circuit medical teams
were scrambled to the aid of the injured rider.

Bridewell was treated at the scene and then moved to the circuit medical centre
where he was pronounced dead.

Bridewell's younger brother Tommy - who also rides for the NB Suzuki team - and
his father Marcus were watching the action at trackside when they learned of the
crash.

No other rider was involved. Race organisers MCRCB are investigating the
incident.

Race director Stuart Higgs said: "Initial evidence shows that he lost control
and fell from his machine, making a heavy impact with the surface and then the
protective barrier.

"He sustained critical head and neck injuries.

"He was treated initially at trackside and then at the circuit medical centre by
the BSB medical team, where he succumbed to his injuries.

"On behalf of MCRCB Events and the BSB community we extend our profound
sympathies."

Top rider Michael Rutter paid tribute to Bridewell, from Devizes, Wiltshire.

Rutter said: "Ollie was highly talented and a very popular young lad who
everyone knew and got on with.

"It is tragic when something like this happens.

"Our thoughts are with his mum and dad, Tommy, and the rest of the family."

At the time of the stoppage, Shane Byrne - riding the Stobart Honda - was
running fastest.

But with heavy rain setting in, it was decided to suspend the session.

All practice and qualifying will take place this morning, with tomorrow's races
going ahead as planned.

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: BRIDEWELL: Fatal fall
FASTEST: Shane Byrne in practice yesterday

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 EXPRESS NEWSPAPERS
                              All Rights Reserved


                              505 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                            The Independent (London)

                              June 5, 2007 Tuesday
                                 First Edition

'The Blade' returns once more to brave deadly duel between Man and machine;
Michael Rutter, the father of two young daughters, is going back to an event
that has claimed 220 lives. Gary James hears why;
TT's heady mix of speed and danger

BYLINE: Gary James

LENGTH: 1082 words


It is now seven years since Michael Rutter last competed in the Isle of Man TT
races. So what makes a man, now 34 and with two delightful daughters, return to
a circuit that has claimed the lives of more than 220 riders?

"Yes, you can run off a list of people who have died there," Rutter says. "But
this sport that we're in, it happens. And you get such satisfaction from racing
at the TT that you try not to think about it."

Rutter is a major figure in the British Superbike Championship, where he has
twice finished runner-up, but it is clear that skimming between the walls and
trees of the 37-mile Mountain Circuit on the Isle of Man stirs something in his
soul that Druids Hill Bend at Brands Hatch will never reach. "You can't ever
forget the TT - it's imprinted on your mind," he says. "I used to love doing it
so much and I've missed it greatly. To sit on the grid again, just to be there
and have a go - it'll be wonderful." Rutter won the 1998 Junior TT, and has
finished on the rostrum on eight other occasions on the island. So the return of
the rider they call "The Blade" is a major coup for an event celebrating its
centenary.

Rem Fowler, on a Norton, set the fastest lap of 42.91mph on a 16-mile course in
the inaugural TT races in 1907. In 1911 the event moved to the formidable
Mountain circuit, with its 200-plus corners and the 1,300-foot climb to the
summit of Snaefell. Today the lap record stands at 129.45mph - far faster than
on any MotoGP circuit - and fans are hoping to see the 130mph barrier shattered
this week. But over the race's century of action the culling of riders has
continued remorselessly. Tap the numbers into a calculator and the average comes
out at 2.23 per year. With around 250 competitors starting this year's six TT
races, the term Russian roulette inevitably comes to mind.

So has being a parent - Rutter's eldest daughter Juliette, aged seven, was a
newborn when he last raced in the Isle of Man - changed his attitude? "Yes, it
definitely alters what you're thinking," Rutter says. "But racing motorcycles is
my job. It might seem selfish, but I want to do it, I enjoy doing it, and I can
make good money there." He admits, though, that his decision to return has
disturbed his sleep.

"As soon as I knew I was going back, I started waking up in the middle of the
night," he says. "You start thinking about it and going over each section in
your head - which parts of the circuit you like and don't like. You think, God,
I remember that bump, or that hedge or kerb."

Rutter raced a 1,000cc Kawasaki ZX-10R in the superbike race yesterday and will
be aboard it again in the senior TT, switching to a 600cc Kawasaki ZX-6R in the
supersport race, all for the MSS Discovery racing team. The big bike thumps out
more than 200 horsepower - around four times the output of a Ford Fiesta - and
will touch around 200mph along the Sulby Straight, although it failed to
complete the first lap yesterday.

So what does it actually feel like to muscle a superbike around the TT circuit
at full throttle? "You start to smile when people ask about it," Rutter says.
"It's got every kind of corner, really twisty bits, then it goes into villages,
then you're doing over 170mph with the front wheel coming up. It sounds mad and
while you're out there you think, 'Why am I doing this?' But when you finish an
Isle of Man TT race you feel such satisfaction."

No wonder, because in an age when a passion for "extreme sports" has exploded,
racing at the TT surely has to be the biggest test of courage of any sporting
event anywhere. A rider's first mistake on the Mountain Circuit could well be
their only one.

Riders take the plunge down Bray Hill, a normally quiet suburban street in
Douglas with a 30mph limit, and a kink to the right at the bottom before the
road starts climbing again. Participants approach the drop almost flat out after
passing through the start and finish area. Then they ride off the side of the
earth as the bike careers down the hill at 180mph before the suspension
collapses as the road levels out, just at the point where the rider has to force
the bike to the right.

"It's over that quick and you're travelling that fast that you're up the top of
the next hill before you've almost got time to think about it," Rutter says.
"You just have to shut it off at the bottom to get the bike turned."

Not even the steeliest of TT bravehearts can get through Bray without knocking
off the throttle for a split second, it seems. If they attempted to go through
flat out, and it went wrong, it could be fatal. High-speed accidents at the TT
can be gruesome when the human body slams into street furniture at the speeds
achieved by modern superbikes.

"It does take courage," Rutter says. "Some parts of the track you have to be
brave and try to calculate the risk. It's not as simple as just opening the
throttle."

In the move towards safer circuits, the TT was dropped from the grand prix
calendar after 1976 because of its dangers. Now, the only riders who go there
are the ones that want to. Even so, the relationship between team manager and
rider changes when they get to the island.

"You have to have an affinity with your rider and try to take care of him," says
Nick Morgan, head of the MSS Discovery team. "It isn't just, 'Get out there and
get on with it.' At a British superbike meeting you sometimes give your rider a
dig and a push. But I don't put Michael under any pressure at the TT." Even the
bikes get special treatment to withstand the Mountain circuit, where the major
races last 226 miles - three times the distance that Valentino Rossi covers in a
typical MotoGP event. Morgan replaces the titanium bolts and the carbon-fibre
seat frame on Rutter's Kawasakis with steel components. "Titanium can sheer, and
steel is more versatile," he says.

The back wheel often bounces clear of the road, so Morgan's technicians soften
the engine power and the suspension to enable the bike to last the race. An
engine lasts only 600 miles because of the dust and grit sucked through the
vents in the fairing.

Rutter will have covered about 1,250 miles in practice and racing by the time he
has finished his three events. He managed only about 15 laps of practice before
he started his first race yesterday, so did he ever consider driving around the
circuit in a car to familiarise himself with it? "It isn't worth it," he laughs.
"The only time you find out where the bumps are is when you're doing 190mph. You
can't find that out in a Ford Fiesta."

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IA


                      Copyright 2007 Independent Print Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              506 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                            August 9, 2006 Wednesday

Elly calls for an all-Malaysian podium

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 88

LENGTH: 223 words


AS the riders gear up for Round 3 (Underbone 115cc) of the FIM Asia Road Racing
Championship at Sepang International Circuit this weekend, Elly Idzlianizar
wants his compatriots to put personal rivalries aside and work together for a
Malaysian victory.

Elly is second overall in the standings after two rounds while 17-year-old
Indonesian Gilang Pranata Sukma of Yamaha Pertamina Enduro 4T ART is the leader
after four consecutive wins on his home circuit.

Since it is a two-race format. Elly feels that the Malaysian riders have a
fighting chance of overtaking Gilang

"Not only do we know the circuit better, but we will have numbers on our side,"
said the Yamaha Racing Malaysia rider.

"In Round 2, we tag-teamed our way to our best results. I finished second in
both races and Rosnizam Md Noor third in the second race.

"If we continue this spirit of cooperation, I am convinced our rivals will not
stand a chance. After all, these are the same tactics that the Indonesians used
to great advantage over the past two years.

"Let's work towards an all-Malaysian podium. I hope motorsports fans from
Selangor, Negri Sembilan and Kuala Lumpur will come to Sepang this weekend to
support us.

"We promise not to disappoint them and I believe it is going to be an exciting
affair," said Elly.

For details. contact Safe Aim Mutual Sdn Bhd at 03-87348787.

LOAD-DATE: June 9, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2006 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad
                              All Rights Reserved


                              507 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                   Daily Star

                             July 1, 2006 Saturday
                                U.K. 1st Edition

NICK ON GLORY TRAIL;
DONINGTON CRUNCH: Hayden out to take Rossi s crown

BYLINE: by DAVE FERN

SECTION: SPORT; 51

LENGTH: 490 words


NICKY HAYDEN is hot on the charge for the World MotoGP title.

And victory in tomorrow's British round at Donington Park would bring it that
little bit closer.

The Kentucky rider is brimming with confidence as he goes into the ninth round
at a circuit that has traditionally favoured five-times champion Valentino
Rossi.

But the 27-year-old Italian is hampered by the painful wrist and ankle injuries
he sustained in a crash during last Saturday's Dutch TT race.

Hayden won at Assen and he is keen on an action replay to extend the 46 points
advantage he has over Rossi, who is now languishing in fourth place.

It's the ideal time for the Repsol Honda rider to pile on the points - and the
agony.

He said: "I'm feeling confident and have gone good in the last few weeks but I
am still hungry for it as there are a lot of races to go.

"But I'm feeling good about the way that things are going and I'm excited."

He has proved consistent, only once finishing outside the top three when he ran
fifth in France.

But before his success in Holland he had only won his home race, last year at
California's Laguna Seca track.

"Winning your home race is a great feeling, there is nothing like it. But the
win at Assen was huge for me. It was super important for me and for the team, "
added Hayden.

That confidence booster, which was also Honda's 200th success in the top flight,
came at the right time.

Hayden said: "It was real cool. I had not been so far ahead all weekend until
the race and now we are having more fun.

"There is always pressure from myself. Like all riders I live for my racing and
take it real serious. But now, maybe, having won away from home instead of
finishing second or third, there is less pressure.

"No-one expected me to be leading the championship at this point. It is good and
I have to keep it rolling on."

The Donington circuit is not one of the easiest in the championship and Hayden
said:

"It's a tricky track. The first little bit is fine. The Craner Curves are
exciting. To take them well takes a lot of guts.

You have to be brave. Smart."

That flowing section does not pose the problems for Hayden but it is the slower
Melbourne section on which he is concentrating his efforts, and replanning his
strategy.

"I have struggled over the last two corners. I need to take them more cleanly, "
he said.

Hayden is ready for that challenge but he will leaving nothing to chance,
adding: "The important thing now is not do anything stupid. These races coming
together so quickly are a grind.

"But I feel in a good position and have an awesome team. A lot of hard work is
paying off."

That shows. Dani Pedrosa, riding the team's second bike, has moved into second
place in the title stakes, 42 points down and still in contention to add the
sport's top title to the 125cc and two 250cc crowns he collected in the past
three years.

The 20-year-old Spaniard won at the circuit two years ago in the 250cc race and
he will be pressing Hayden hard.

LOAD-DATE: July 1, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: HAYDEN'S IN GOOD NICK: Nicky salutes the fans after his win last week
in Assen

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 EXPRESS NEWSPAPERS
                              All Rights Reserved


                              508 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               Lincolnshire Echo

                              May 2, 2006 Tuesday

Grand prix to feature Commonwealth games medallists

SECTION: Pg. 44

LENGTH: 409 words


Commonwealth Games medallists are expected to be among the cycling stars lining
up for the 51st Lincoln Grand Prix to be held in and around historic Lincoln on
Sunday.

Having celebrated its 50th year in 2005, the Grand Prix moves forward with a
slightly different character.

The hard slog around the eight-mile circuit, where time and distance takes
effect on the riders, particularly in the later stages, is lessened as the 2006
event will reduce to 11 laps of the circuit and a race distance of 86 miles.

This should produce an equally exciting, but probably even faster event than the
25mph average speed of last year, when recycling.com brothers Russell and Dean
Downing claimed the first and second places on the podium. The 1983 winner,
Malcolm Elliott, third for the second year running.

The now classic circuit featuring the climb of the one-in-six cobbled
Michaelgate stays unchanged with the fast sweeping descent through picturesque
Burton Village providing the link back to the city centre via the A57 and Long
Leys Road.

The race will again start at Yarborough Leisure Centre, to the north of the
city, leaving at 11.45am with the finish expected in Castle Square at around
3pm. Entries for the race continue with a field of around 150 riders expected to
start.

The Mayor of Lincoln will present the winner with his £600 first prize from a
total of £3,000 on the prize list.

The first East Midlands rider will also receive the JB Harvey Trophy and a prize
of £50.

The prestige of the event has once more attracted the television cameras to the
city and again the race will feature on Eurosport a week after the race. The
2005 coverage lasted for 52 minutes and received many excellent comments both on
its coverage of the race and the views of the city. Coverage will also be
available on the internet via the popular cycling.tv web site which also covers
all the major international classic events.

The race is again supported by Lincoln City Council with additional sponsorship
confirmed from PKF Accountants, NatWest Bank, Chattertons Solicitors, James
Oliver Conservatories, Jackson Building Centres, Lincolnshire Co-Operative, The
Lindum Group and Impsport.

Sponsorship opportunities are still available and any companies interested
should contact race organiser Ian Emmerson on 01522 750000 for details.

Radio Lincolnshire will be present in Castle Square with their outside broadcast
bus to present regular updates and interviews as the race unfolds.

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2006 Lincolnshire Echo
                              All Rights Reserved


                              509 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                  Sunday Life

                              April 2, 2006 Sunday

Motorcycling: Bush for the road

BYLINE: By Harold Crooks

LENGTH: 307 words


ROADS around the Bush area of Tyrone, just outside Dungannon, will reverberate
to the sound of racing motorcycles, for the first time in almost 80 years this
summer.

Saturday, June 24 will see Dungannon & District Motorcycle Club promote the Bush
Road Races over a new 3.4 mile circuit.

The new event on the Ulster racing calendar was launched yesterday as club
officials joined forces with sponsors, local politicians and riders to show off
the circuit and highlight the potential of the meeting.

It means a revival of an age-old racimg tradition in the Dungannon area. During
the 1920s the original club ran a 100 mile road race, the first being in 1924
and the last in 1927, which was won by Captain T E Oliver on a 574 Scott.

One of the driving forces behind the new races is local star Ryan Farquhar, who
took me on a conducted tour of the circuit pointing out all the places where
work has already been carried out, and what he hopes to see done before race
day.

He told me: "I see this course as a very challenging circuit with a wide variety
of bends and straights to make it demanding for all the riders.

"It is different from any of the existing ciruits, which seem to made up of a
number of tight corners.

"It reminds me more of the old Cookstown course at Sherrygroom, with a bit of
everything, fast and slow corners, exciting jumps for both riders and
spectators, who should have plenty of good viewing areas."

Main race sponsors will be the Donnelly motors group. Others include Northland
MCC from Dungannon, Cohannon Inn, Two Stroke Supporters' Club, McAvoy Group,
Trevor Haddock of Bush and Linen Green, Moygashel.

Farquhar's 77 Supporters' Club are holding a riders' Chat Show in Davidson's
Bar, Castlecaulfield next Saturday, April 8 at 8.00pm when Ryan will be joined
by John Burrows, Yarno Holland, Davy Clarke, Phil Archer and Con Law.

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 Belfast Telegraph Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              510 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                           November 9, 2005 Wednesday

Minister worked as mechanic to raise family

BYLINE: Jerry Vondas

LENGTH: 550 words


Like the circuit riders of the country's frontier days, John Ali would travel
far and wide to preach the Christian message of salvation.

"My father truly believed that any person is worthy of hearing the message of
Jesus Christ," said his daughter, Linda Morle. "And Dad was willing to travel
and tell as many people as he could."

Mr. Ali, of Glassport, an ordained minister of The Church of Jesus Christ, based
in Monongahela, Washington County, died of kidney failure on Monday, Nov. 7,
2005, at Select Specialties of Mercy Hospital, Uptown. He was 73.

"Dad would regularly travel to Bridgeport and Elkins, West Virginia, to minister
to small groups of people, including those who had left our church in Glassport
and moved to West Virginia," his daughter said. "He'd give communion, and on
occasion he would baptize. My father baptized my brother, Larry, and myself."

Mr. Ali also spent time as a volunteer at the Three Rivers American Indian
Council in Dorseyville, Indiana Township, where he enjoyed taking part in
powwows.

His ministry had its roots in his upbringing in McKeesport, where his parents --
Italian immigrants Ilario and Angeline LaVela Ali -- attended The Church of
Jesus Christ.

One of eight children, Mr. Ali dropped out of school in the eighth grade to help
his family financially. He received his General Equivalency Diploma when he was
39.

An incident during his service as an Army mechanic solidified his desire to
serve his church. "Dad was a member of a group of men that were preparing to be
shipped to Korea," Morle said. "At the last minute, Dad received orders to stay
behind.

"He learned later that many of the men in that group were killed in action. We
truly believe that God spared him in order to do his work."

Upon his discharge from the military, Mr. Ali returned to Glassport and worked
as an auto mechanic for John Naretto Buick in White Oak. "Dad's was an unpaid
ministry, and that's one of the reasons he worked as a mechanic to raise us,"
his daughter said.

In 1959, Mr. Ali married Rosemarie Intrieri, of Glassport, who through the years
supported him in his ministry, Morle said. "My mother was a great help to my
father, while at the same time caring for her parents and my father's parents
through the years."

She said her father's ministry was a family affair. "My sister, Jo Ann, plays
the organ for the services. My brother, Larry, who is also an ordained minister,
serves The Church of Christ in Greensburg, and I'm active in The Church of Jesus
Christ in Texas.

"My parents never forced religion on us. But religion is an important part of
our family."

Mr. Ali is survived by his wife, Rosemarie Intrieri Ali; a son, Larry Ali, of
Hempfield, Westmoreland County; two daughters, Jo Ann Niehl, of Glassport, and
Linda Morle, of Bedford, Texas; five grandchildren; two sisters, Magdalene
Barrett and Grace Hutcheson, both of Michigan; and a brother, James Ali, of
Glassport.

Mr. Ali was predeceased by four siblings, Julio Ali, Frank Ali, Mary Morris and
Gloria Kuzin.

Friends will be received from 7 to 9 p.m. today and from 2 to 4 and 7 to 9 p.m.
Thursday at the E.E. Wojciechowski Funeral Home, 640 Vermont Ave., Glassport.

Funeral services will be held at 10 a.m. Friday at The Church of Jesus Christ in
Glassport, where Mr. Ali was a minister.

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2005 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              511 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                           January 24, 1998 Saturday
                                  Late Edition

A rough ride for the stars but rodeo ropes in the fans;
Travel

BYLINE: story & pictures Philip Gostelow

SECTION: THE FIN; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 788 words


The opening chords of Neil Diamond's Hot August Night mark the beginning of the
Wingham rodeo and resound through the closing dusk, drawing people around the
arena to the front of their seats. Minutes later, Kevin Cooper bursts out of the
chute, doing all that is humanly possible to stay in the saddle of a wildly
bucking bronco. His hat flies off and his spurs flail high as he is tossed to
the ground with a heavy thud, just short of the magic eight seconds needed to
score points and win.

In the past few years, the rodeo circuit has become the fastest-growing
spectator sport in Australia. It draws crowds with its excitement, colour and
the potent promise of seeing man battle unpredictable beast. With recession
still affecting many rural areas so badly that farmers are drifting off the
land, the rodeo has become a powerful force in binding country communities.

Gloucester, a lush pastoral and timber milling town 350km north of Sydney, and
another stop on the rodeo circuit, is a buzz of expectation as the first event
draws near. Weather permitting, the town's population of 2,500 will double.

Behind the scenes, the day's comp-etitors are lacing up their leather chaps
(flared leather leggings), heads shaded from the sun by stetsons and sporting
belt buckles big enough to eat your lunch off.

Beyond the crowd, among the horse trailers, trucks and homes-on-wheels that fill
one end of the Gloucester Showground, are a breed of people that live for the
rodeo. Cooper, 35, and seven times national saddle bronc champion, is one such
cowboy. His home is a blue diesel truck with a customised living area in the
back - the most affordable way for a professional to get around on the circuit.

It is a cheap and cheerful existence. Prize money has multiplied in recent
years, but not enough to satisfy the riders. Most rodeos have a prize pool of
about $9,000. Spread over eight main events, it's small reward after expenses
are covered.

The big prizes are on offer at the $50,000 National Finals rodeo held in
Tamworth this month but riders need to earn points to enter, requiring a lot of
them to travel to as many as three different rodeos in the same weekend,
entering multiple events

to cover costs.

There are no fortunes to be made, even for top guns, but riders like Cooper are
not deterred: "I do it because I love it. It's a way of life." He supplements
winnings with casual mustering and breaking-in horses but devotes all he has to
the rodeo. While he does get recognised in many towns, fame and fortune are far
from his door. Had he competed in the US, things might have been different.
Bolstered by TV coverage and corporate sponsorship, the rodeo is reportedly the
third-largest sport in the US behind baseball and football. With as much as
$30,000 in prize money for winning an event, the US circuit is luring more and
more young Australians. Recently one NSW rider won more than $200,000 in a
single season.

Back in Gloucester, it's clear that the preferred dress code among competitors
is also American. Influenced by compatriots who return from the US circuit and
country & western stars whose music provides the soundtrack to rodeos
everywhere, folk are decked out in stetsons and Wranglers. Aussie Akubras and
drizabones just don't cut it anymore.

In Australia, as in the US, the rodeo developed out of touring shows where
cowboys would perform tricks and death-defying feats. Bill Fotheringham, who
spent 28 years as president of Wingham's rodeo committee, is the third
generation of his family to be involved with rodeo. Now 67, he recalls the
formative years of the 1930s and 1940s when rodeos toured the countryside.
"Before, it was all amateur. Cowboys did it for a kick - as a lark," he says.
"Things are a lot more competitive now. There's more money involved."

The days of boozing, brawls and bad behaviour have gone. There are more rodeos,
more competitors and higher standards. And cowgirls have also caught the
public's imagination and now stake out their territory in this male-dominated
sport. With all the crowd-drawing ingredients in place, riders maintain that big
corporate dollars are not far down the track. For now they must relay on backing
from small local businesses.

Rodeo's failure to entice large sponsors hasn't dampened the spirits of riders.
As 24-year-old bull-riding champion Shane Griffith says: "It's a bonus to be
able to make a living out of something you love doing." He's quick to point out
that regardless of the prize money, and because of the real risk involved in the
sport, a camaraderie exists between contestants on the circuit.

Money and fame might help the sport to prosper, but for competitors young and
old, the sheer love of the rough ride of rodeo is all that counts.

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Five illus: Cowboys shoot the breeze before their events at the Wingham
rodeo while a lone competitor practises roping techniques on a less threatening
facsimile. The fashions may have a touch of the Hollywood western but the risks
of riding at the rodeo are all too real.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 1998 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              512 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                      Northern Territory News (Australia)

                              May 28, 2013 Tuesday
                                  1 - Edition

Cyclists in dark duel

BYLINE: CYCLING

SECTION: Pg. 35

LENGTH: 201 words


THE second race of the 2013 Darwin Off-Road Cyclists (DORC) season is set for
the Howard Springs Pine Forest circuit on Saturday.

The three-hour race on a 10km circuit begins at 4pm and DORC committeeman Ian
Symonds said the plan was for two hours of daylight riding and one in the dark.

``Huge improvements have been made in LED light technology for cyclists, which
makes it possible to ride in the dark -- the serious riders usually have one on
the handlebars and another in their helmet,'' Symonds said.

``For those without proper lighting, we have a one-hour and two-hour race
option, so all participants are catered for.

``This is traditionally the event that attracts most racers because it is a flat
course.

``The technical challenge for the riders is to take the flat corners at speed in
the dark.''

Several riders took to the track last weekend for a leisurely warm-up.

``We normally hold a trial event at each venue for beginners and those who want
to refresh themselves with the circuit,'' said Symonds.

Noted unicyclist Josh Ingrames is also considered a likely starter.

Race registration for the event at the new Howard Springs Pine Forest, between
Howard Springs Rd and Old Gunn Point Rd, is at 3.15pm.

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NTN


                   Copyright 2013 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              513 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         Illawarra Mercury (Australia)

                          September 20, 2012 Thursday
                                 First Edition

Superbike race offers Carr a breakthrough;
MOTORCYCLE RACING

BYLINE: SAM HALL

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 44

LENGTH: 425 words


OAK FLATS motorcycle racer Mitchell Carr can be excused for playing Playstation
or watching videos on Youtube ahead of the biggest test of his career next
month.

The 24-year-old has been selected to ride the final round of the World Superbike
Championship at the iconic Magny-Cours circuit in France, after receiving a
one-race offer from a factory Honda team in Holland.

Faced with the expectation of performing at a circuit he's never been to, and on
a bike he's never ridden, Carr has reverted to unconventional training to
prepare himself for the event.

"I've been racing the Magny Cours circuit on the World Superbike game on
Playstation 3 over and over to get an idea of the track and it's layout, as well
as watching guys ride the track on Youtube," he explained yesterday.

"The game's not completely realistic, but at least it gives me a good idea."

The call-up to the world stage culminates a remarkable breakthrough season for
Carr.

Last weekend, the Triumph-mounted rider secured the Australian Supersport
championship in the final round in Queensland.

He clinched the title from rivals Brodie Waters and Josh Hook after carrying a
slender 0.5 lead into the final round.

Carr is the first rider on a non-Japanese bike to seal the crown, and the first
privateer to win since 2002.

"I was leading the first race for most of the way and then with three laps
remaining Waters and Hook didn't finish due to mechanical problems, and that
opened it up so I only needed one point in the last race to get the
championship," he said.

"I was actually leading the championship last year on a family-run privateer
setup and we had an engine failure which took us out of the second-last round
... so it was nice to get the win."

A solid performance at the race in France could earn Carr a full-time ride in
the World Supersport category (600cc) next year.

It would be a huge leap forward for the Oak Flats rider, who has juggled racing
with a part-time job instructing learner riders how to be safe on the road.

Joining the professional circuit would pave the way for Carr to follow-Illawarra
product Troy Corser's footsteps - a realisation he takes immense pride in.

"I've been a Wollongong boy since I was seven years old and I would love to fly
the flag for the region overseas, that's for sure," Carr said.

"To have the opportunity is really beneficial for me. It's big ask but I'm sure
everyone around will take that into consideration.

"If we can come out in the points and get our foot in the door for next year,
then we will have accomplished what we set out to do."

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2012 Illawarra Newspapers Holdings Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              514 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                             Herald Sun (Australia)

                           February 25, 2010 Thursday
                               1 - FIRST Edition

Bikers reach new heights

BYLINE: Chris de Kretser and Daryl Timms

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 89

LENGTH: 229  words


THE World Superbike riders will provide plenty of thrills and spills at Phillip
Island this weekend.

But yesterday six of the best in the world were given a thrill of their own when
they ventured out on to the Skydeck at Melbourne's Eureka Tower.

Australia's dual world champion Troy Corser thought it was a spectacular place
for the media launch of the opening round of this year's championship.

``I never realised we had such a tall building in Melbourne,'' Corser said.

British champion James Toseland said the Skydeck experience was ``awesome''.

But he was glad he had experienced something similar in Las Vegas before
venturing out yesterday.

Come this weekend, however, it will be the Island circuit that will provide the
excitement.

British Suzuki rider Leon Haslam said it was one of his favourite circuits.

Corser said the weekend was always special.

``Every year I look forward to the annual `Corser weekend' at the track,'' the
Wollongong rider said. ``My family, friends and a lot of guys from back in New
South Wales come along to support me. The atmosphere's great.''

Britain's Honda racer Jonathan Rea, a newcomer to Phillip Island, said it took
him about 170 laps to get used to the circuit in testing this week.

``As a kid I watched the fantastic racing here,'' he said.

``I've had a search through my DVD collection to see how to race here.''

Rough ride for Troy, Page 87

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DHS


                   Copyright 2010 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              515 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         Geelong Advertiser (Australia)

                           December 15, 2009 Tuesday
                                1 - Main Edition

BIKE SHORTS

BYLINE: SOPHIE SMITH

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 43

LENGTH: 339 words


Season ends with Christmas bash

TED Kearney won the final Geelong Vets race of the year in emphatic style on
Sunday. Kearney averaged 29.5km/h to stay clear of the chasing peloton all day
and win the handicap in 70 minutes. Len Bent was the best of a three man bunch,
finishing one minute behind in second with Peter Dickson in third and Gordon
McColl in fourth. The main field was another 30 seconds adrift, sprinting in for
fifth place. The scratch men were never in the hunt after missing the start time
by almost a minute but still held their ground in a race over three laps of the
35km circuit The event comprised the final race of the Ray Aldridge Aggregate,
which Steve Young won with 41 points. Jeff Miller came in second with Neil
Maurer rounding out the top three.

Aussie stars in town

AIS women's road coach Martin Barass is putting Australia's elite female
cyclists through their paces in Geelong this week.

Bridie O'Donnell, Vicki Whitelaw, Amber Halliday and Tiffany Cromwell are among
the national team riders who arrived in the region on Saturday. As well as
familiarising themselves with the 2010 world road championship time trial
circuit the girls will also meet with AIS scientists for testing during the
four-day trip. O'Donnell will base the second half of her season around the
world titles here in Geelong. ``It's a really interesting course. It's a real
change of pace course -- there's not really an opportunity to settle in,'' she
said of the TT circuit last week. ``You have to be a competent and powerful
rider but you also have to be a good climber.''

Pereiro to ride in Tour Down Under

FORMER Tour de France winner Oscar Pereiro will return to Adelaide's Tour Down
Under next month with his new team Astana. The 2006 Tour champion is likely to
be the main rider in the team that Astana sends to the 2010 season opener which
gets underway on January 17. The Spanish cyclist rode his first Tour Down Under
this year as he recovered from serious injuries suffered in a fall during the
2007 Tour de France.

CYCLING

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GAT


                   Copyright 2009 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              516 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         Geelong Advertiser (Australia)

                            January 3, 2009 Saturday
                                1 - Main Edition

A trio of tricky cyclists' courses

BYLINE: DANIEL BREEN

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 71

LENGTH: 238 words


AUSTRALIA'S best cyclists will be confronted by three vastly different courses
during the Geelong leg of the Jayco Bay Cycling Classic.

Portarlington will present the toughest test of the series when it hosts stage
four on Monday, while cycling legend John Trevorrow said the Geelong stages at
Eastern Park today and tomorrow would allow the field to express themselves.

The Eastern Park long course is expected to produce a fast and furious affair,
according to Trevorrow, while the Eastern Park short course is a little more
difficult but will also allow riders to showcase their skills.

``This is similar to the circuit we used for the first time last year. It's
slightly bigger but not as difficult,'' he said.

``It hasn't got the corners, which means the riders can go flat out all the
time. A lot of the riders are happy about that because it's something different.
The short course is a little tougher, with a bit of a climb before the finish
line.''

Allan Davis and Darren Lapthorne made the most of the fast circuits to take out
the respective stages last year, while Kate Bates and Sara Carrigan took out the
women's honours.

Trevorrow said the Portarlington circuit was clearly the toughest of the
five-stage series, predicting it was tailor made for Tour de France stage winner
Simon Gerrans.

``It's quite a tough little course, with some really tight corners. That's when
we'll see Simon Gerrans strut his stuff,'' he said.

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GAT


                   Copyright 2009 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              517 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  March 12, 1995, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Innovative Plans Fill Pulpits In America's Rural Churches

BYLINE: By GUSTAV NIEBUHR

SECTION: Section 1;  Page 1;  Column 4;  National Desk

LENGTH: 1446 words

DATELINE: BINFORD, N.D., March 5


The Rev. Eric J. Hulstrand, a slim young man with an engaging manner, figures he
will put 20,000 miles on his four-wheel-drive Suzuki Sidekick driving to church
this year.

The Lutheran pastor does not travel a simple road between home and pulpit, but a
long, looping circuit over a web of rural blacktop that bisects endless miles of
farmland in the eastern part of the state. Mr.  Hulstrand serves eight small
congregations in three counties, a duty he shares with one other full-time and
equally peripatetic minister and a pair of part-timers, one of them his wife,
Pam.

Say "circuit rider" and, chances are, it will conjure up a worn sepia image of a
black-coated man on horseback, a Bible in his saddlebag.

The picture is outdated, as Mr. Hulstrand can attest, but the job is taking on
new life, the result of large-scale changes afoot in the nation's major
denominations. In rural America, there have always been small churches that
shared a pastor. But these days, denominational leaders increasingly speak of
more churches forced by necessity to experiment with ministries in a way that is
far removed from the traditional ideal of one pastor serving one congregation.

These experiments involve training lay people in ministerial duties, sometimes
with a visiting minister or priest acting as mentor; creating "yoked" churches,
with two or more congregations served by an itinerant minister, or trying some
combination of both concepts.

"Among all the denominational leaders I talk with," said John Bennett of the
Missouri School of Religion Center for Rural Ministry, "I think there is a
readiness and an openness to consider a variety of models in this part of the
country."

Indeed, Mr. Bennett said the Presbyterian Church (USA) recently produced a
document listing 17 "pastoral options" for small churches, in addition to the
traditional model of a single full-time pastor. Increasingly, he said, churches
"look to lay ministry, yoked ministry."

There are no statistics to measure the extent to which such forms of ministry
have grown, but Protestant officials say that economics, more than any other
factor, has fueled them. Small church budgets, they say, cannot meet the rising
cost of having a full-time minister.

"To support a pastor in ministry in the United Methodist Church, you're talking
about a $45,000 to $50,000 salary package," said Robert Kohler, the director of
the denomination's division of ordained ministry.

Mr. Kohler said that the Methodists were "using more and more lay people with
special training in ministry" to keep small congregations alive. Sometimes, lay
ministers work with members of the clergy who may specialize in religious
education or youth ministry. "It creates a team approach to ministry," he said.

Among Roman Catholics, a declining number of priests has meant that more priests
who serve in rural areas have taken on an itinerant role, saying Mass in
multiple parishes and performing marriages while nuns, deacons and lay people
take on the daily administrative and even pastoral duties.

A similar arrangement prevails in small, isolated synagogues whose congregations
bring in a rabbi to lead High Holidays services and officiate at bar and bat
mitzvahs and weddings, but leave regular services to lay people.

The Hulstrands belong to the 5.2 million-member Evangelical Lutheran Church in
America, the nation's third-largest Protestant denomination. Nearly 10 percent
of the denomination's 9,703 pastors with congregations are serving two or more
churches, said the Rev. David Alderfer, the denomination's director for rosters
and statistics.

Three years ago, officials at the Lutherans' headquarters in Chicago produced a
study showing that one-third of their 11,000 congregations drew no more than 50
people each Sunday and had annual budgets of $60,000 or less. Although some of
those small congregations have endowments into which they can dip, most of them
will "not be able to support a full-time pastoral leader," if they have one now,
said Mac Minnick, the denomination's executive director for outreach.

The Hulstrands, Mr. Minnick said, "represent one of the creative" responses to
this reality.

The Hulstrands, who are from St. Paul, Minn., and attended Luther Seminary
there, said they had never envisioned becoming country ministers. "More and
more, the people in the seminaries are like me," Mr. Hulstrand said. "They come
from the city, so the thought of coming out to the country is scary."

What changed their minds was an innovative idea that Lutheran officials had for
filling the pulpits of seven churches, including one in this prairie community
of about 200 people. The pulpits of the churches, one of which had always had a
full-time pastor, became vacant in 1992. Lutheran officials decided to link the
seven into a single parish; recruit four ministers who could divide the pastoral
work, while providing camaraderie to ward off feelings of isolation; and, most
important, encourage lay people to become active in leadership. The result is
Tri-County Ministry.

"This is a wonderful model," said Bishop Rick Foss, whose Eastern North Dakota
Synod includes the seven congregations. "There is a kind of emerging spirit of
willingness to look at innovative and cooperative models when it isn't going to
work with the old system."

The concept proved so attractive that it drew one non-Lutheran congregation, the
54-member First Presbyterian Church in nearby Cooperstown, which had searched
for a minister for three years. "It looked so hopeless," said Laverne Larsen,
65, a retired veterinarian, who is one of the 54. "Then we heard about these
seven Lutheran churches."

Every Sunday, each of the four ministers tends to two churches, leading a
midmorning service at one, then going on the road to preach at the other.

On one Sunday, Mr. Hulstrand started at the largest congregation, Trinity
Lutheran in Cooperstown, at 9:30 A.M., then rushed to the Presbyterian church a
few blocks away at 11 A.M. Mrs. Hulstrand preached at the church in the hamlet
of nearby Sutton, then drove more than 20 miles to tiny Hannaford.

Across the county, the other full-time minister, the Rev. Carell J. Foss (no
relation to Bishop Foss) preached in McHenry, then drove 15 miles to Binford.
The ministry's fourth member, the Rev. Gretchen Diers, was assigned the
circuit's two westernmost churches, in Grace City and Glenfield, which are about
20 miles apart.

The schedule -- set by Mr. Foss's wife, Bonnie, the ministry's coordinator --
rotates, so that every two months, each minister will have preached twice in
each church.

It is complicated, but the ministers say they get to see everyone in the
scattered congregations. And they can recycle sermons, freeing time for their
specialized ministries, like the youth ministry that Mr. Hulstrand has
developed.

But a major role of their ministry is helping congregants develop a sense of
themselves as religious leaders, visiting the sick, heading Bible studies, even
leading worship services.

"The need for visitation seems only to be increasing in these areas because of
the aging population," Mrs. Hulstrand said. "There's no way a pastor can meet
all those needs."

Equally important is encouraging lay people to preach when none of the ministers
is available. One Sunday two months ago, for example, Duna Eugenia Frigaard, 66,
the former owner of the local county newspaper, delivered the sermon at
Cooperstown's Trinity Church, where she is a deacon. "We are the church as we
interact with each other, as we serve," Mrs. Frigaard said.

Both Mr. Foss, 58, who spent eight years at a large congregation in Fargo, the
state's biggest city, but moved here "to do something entirely different," and
Mr. Hulstrand, 31, speak warmly of the overall friendliness of their
surroundings. But both acknowledge the difficulties a full-time minister can
face so far from an urban area.

A minister's spouse may find slim prospects for employment. "The jobs that are
available aren't what they're trained in," Mr. Hulstrand said. "You wind up
working in the cafe or at the bowling alley."

And there is one problem of rural demographics. "Our population grows older and
sparser all the time," Mrs. Frigaard said.

For a minister in these circumstances, small victories must count for a lot.
When the Hulstrands arrived two and a half years ago, they found fewer than 20
people attending the little church in Grace City, the most westerly point on the
circuit. Some Sundays, only eight would show up.

But lately, attendance has soared to more than 40. "Just packing them in," Mr.
Hulstrand said warmly. "There's a revival over there."


LOAD-DATE: March 12, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: The Rev. Eric J. Hulstrand and his wife, Pam, at a church in
Binford, N.D., one of eight they minister to in the eastern part of the state.
(Eric Hylden for The New York Times) (pg. 1)

Map shows the location of Binford, North Dakota. (pg. 24)

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company


                              518 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       The Sun Herald (Sydney, Australia)

                              April 3, 1994 Sunday
                               Queensland Edition

SIDECAR RIDERS KILLED IN RACE

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 155 words


TWO motorcyclists were killed and five others injured yesterday in a horrific
crash during a Tourist Trophy sidecar race on the Mt Panormama circuit at
Bathurst, NSW.

A-grade rider James Colligan, 47, of Ballarat, Victoria, and his passenger Ian
Thornton, of Mt Helen, Victoria, were killed after their Windle 1100cc machine
ran off the circuit on the second lap of the six-lap race.

Witnesses said the outfit ran wide and somersaulted through the sand trap,
hitting the concrete retaining wall and ricocheting back on to the circuit.

Crews immediately following managed to avoid the riders and debris on the track
but the 1000cc Yamaha's sidecar of NSW crew Jim McCabe and Brett Gilbert
collided with the stricken Thornton.

Officials stopped and cancelled the race which is a support event for today's
James Hardie 12-hour.

The two fatalities were the first at Mt Panorama since 1987, when a sidecar
rider died after suffering a stroke.

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 1994 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              519 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                           January 29, 1994 Saturday
                                  Late Edition

Island Moto Spectacular;
Leisure Vehicles

BYLINE: DAMIEN KINGSBURY

SECTION: MOTOR MARKET; MOTORCYCLES; Pg. 103

LENGTH: 512 words


FOR those of you who have always wanted to punt a few laps around the greatest
motorcycle circuit in the world, you will now have an opportunity during what
has been dubbed `The Phillip Island Moto Spectacular' over the weekend of
February 5-6.

Organised by `Australian Motorcycle News', the Moto Spectacular started as an
opportunity for ordinary motorcyclists to ride their road-registered bikes
around the Phillip Island circuit. However, the event has grown considerably
from its original concept.

What is probably the biggest fleet of demonstration bikes ever assembled in
Australia will be made available to the public to test.

Factories having bikes available include BMW, Honda, Yamaha, Triumph, Moto
Guzzi, Ducati, Suzuki and Kawasaki.

To ride a factory bike you must contact your nearest participating dealer or
importer. Needless to say, a lot of people will want rides on bikes they may be
considering buying, and numbers will be limited.

There will probably also be a requirement to cover potential accident damage,
but this simply falls under the unwritten motorcyclists' rule of "you bend, you
mend".

Test riders will not require a MAV licence, but riding the circuit will entail a
$5 charge. Some clubs have had ride days at the Phillip Island circuit that have
cost more than 10 times as much, so the circuit cost is a bargain.

For those wishing to ride the circuit, it is advisable to book with the
organisers to ensure a place. Bikes must be roadworthy and registered and riders
must be licensed.

There will be two groups, catering for both slower or less experienced and
quicker riders. Those who have not ridden for a while are being encouraged to
come along. Having circuited the Phillip Island track on a Harley Heritage
Softail as well as assorted other machines, I can vouch that it is almost as
much fun going slowly as it is going fast.

The track will hold a few surprises and really test one or two riders who think
they are quick. For instance, a number of curves really are high speed and take
a lot of courage to get around quickly, while a couple of the corners are first
or second gear efforts.

The aptly-named Wayne Gardner Straight will also test a few machines and riders,
with precious few machines with enough performance to still be accelerating by
the time they have to back off for the Southern Loop.

While racing as such is not allowed, there are no speed limits _ this is the
famed Phillip Island circuit, after all.

All overtaking must be on the outside. If riders are going to push too hard and
come off, if they are on the outside, at least they will damage only themselves
and their own bikes.

There will be a huge trade show from 9.30am to 5pm on both days, with displays
and information on everything from bikes and accessories to rider training and
racing.

For those who have not yet put their machines on a power measuring device,
dynamometers will be available for a small fee. The information read-outs from
dynos are worth their weight in gold for properly tuning a machine, much less
just finding out exactly how much power it makes.

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 1994 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              520 of 996 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 Experian Information Solutions, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved
                         Experian Powered Business Data

                                 March 20, 2017

                         FILE ESTABLISHED: June 1, 2011

                                 WINDHAM JOHN C

                              208 CIRCUIT RIDER RD
                         GREEN CV SPGS,  FL 32043-9516
                                 UNITED STATES

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
URL: http://www.smartbusinessreports.com/Main.aspx?link=1009

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
EXPERIAN FILE NUMBER: 949409611

BUSINESS ANALYSIS:
UNIFORM COMMERCIAL CODE FILINGS (UCC):

     ·    Date Filed: 2/6/2017
     ·    Type: UCC-FILED
     ·    Document Number: 201700205712
     ·    Filing Location: SEC OF STATE FL
     ·    Collateral: EQUIP
     ·    Original Filing Location: FL
     ·    Original Document Number: 2017002057



UCC COLLATERAL COUNTS:

     ·    COMPANY HAS 1 UCC FILINGS WITH 1 COLLATERAL ITEM(S)


LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2017


                              521 of 996 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 Experian Information Solutions, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved
                         Experian Powered Business Data

                                 March 7, 2017

                        FILE ESTABLISHED: April 1, 2015

                                   BETH LLOYD

                            4648 CIRCUIT RIDER LN S
                             SALEM,  OR 97302-9797
                                 UNITED STATES

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 503-871-7649
URL: http://www.smartbusinessreports.com/Main.aspx?link=1009

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
EXPERIAN FILE NUMBER: 998970403

BUSINESS ANALYSIS:
TRADE PAYMENT EXPERIENCES:
(TRADE LINES WITH AN '*' ARE NEWLY REPORTED)
                                   RECENT    ------ ACCOUNT STATUS ------
                                     HIGH               -DAYS PAST DUE-
BUSINESS    DATE        LAST       CREDIT   BALANCE        1-  31-  61-
CATEGORY    REPTD       SALE            $         $  CUR   30   60   90  91+
PACKAGING   02/02/17    --             --        --   --   --   --   --   --
Payment Terms: NET 30
Comments: CUST  2 YR

FOOTNOTES: + IN FIRST COLUMN INDICATES COMPANY IS PAYING FASTER THAN THE
INDUSTRY NORM;
- IN FIRST COLUMN INDICATES COMPANY IS PAYING SLOWER THAN THE INDUSTRY NORM;
= IN FIRST COLUMN INDICATES COMPANY PAYS THE SAME AS THE INDUSTRY NORM;
<,> SIGNS INDICATE TRUE HIGH CREDIT OR BALANCE IS < OR > AMOUNT SHOWN


TRADE PAYMENT TOTALS:
                                      RECENT    ------ ACCOUNT STATUS ------
                                        HIGH               -DAYS PAST DUE-
                                      CREDIT   BALANCE        1-  31-  61-
                                           $         $  CUR   30   60   90  91+
CONTINUOUSLY REPORTED: 1                  --        --   --   --   --   --   --
DBT: N/A
NEWLY REPORTED: --                        --        --   --   --   --   --   --
DBT: N/A
TRADE LINE TOTALS: 1                      --        --   --   --   --   --   --
DBT: N/A

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2017


                              522 of 996 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 Experian Information Solutions, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved
                         Experian Powered Business Data

                                 March 7, 2017

                      FILE ESTABLISHED: September 1, 2012

                                 BUTCH WINDHAM

                              208 CIRCUIT RIDER RD
                         GREEN CV SPGS,  FL 32043-9516
                                 UNITED STATES

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
URL: http://www.smartbusinessreports.com/Main.aspx?link=1009

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
EXPERIAN FILE NUMBER: 964288444

BUSINESS ANALYSIS:
ADDITIONAL PAYMENT EXPERIENCES:
(TRADE LINES WITH AN '*' ARE NEWLY REPORTED)
                                   RECENT    ------ ACCOUNT STATUS ------
                                     HIGH               -DAYS PAST DUE-
BUSINESS    DATE        LAST       CREDIT   BALANCE        1-  31-  61-
CATEGORY    REPTD       SALE            $         $  CUR   30   60   90  91+
METAL WORK  05/10/14    --             --        --   --   --   --   --   --
Payment Terms: OTHER

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2017


                              523 of 996 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 Experian Information Solutions, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved
                         Experian Powered Business Data

                                 March 7, 2017

                        FILE ESTABLISHED: April 1, 1999

                      DROPPLEMAN ELECTRICAL SERVICES, INC

                             17615 CIRCUIT RIDER DR
                           BEAVERDAM,  VA 23015-1569
                                 UNITED STATES

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
URL: http://www.smartbusinessreports.com/Main.aspx?link=1009

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
EXPERIAN FILE NUMBER: 713496663

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
LEGAL STATUS: CCORPORATION

YEARS IN BUSINESS: 18 - ACTUAL

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
PRIMARY SIC:
1731 - Electrical Contractors
SECONDARY SIC:
1500 - Building Construction

BUSINESS ANALYSIS:
ADDITIONAL PAYMENT EXPERIENCES:
(TRADE LINES WITH AN '*' ARE NEWLY REPORTED)
                                   RECENT    ------ ACCOUNT STATUS ------
                                     HIGH               -DAYS PAST DUE-
BUSINESS    DATE        LAST       CREDIT   BALANCE        1-  31-  61-
CATEGORY    REPTD       SALE            $         $  CUR   30   60   90  91+
BLDG MATRL  04/03/14    10/05          --        --   --   --   --   --   --
Payment Terms: CREDIT
Comments: ACCTCLOSED
FINCL SVCS  08/01/15    02/07       2,400        --   --   --   --   --   --
Payment Terms: NET 30

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2017


                              524 of 996 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 Experian Information Solutions, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved
                         Experian Powered Business Data

                                 March 7, 2017

                        FILE ESTABLISHED: April 1, 2008

                                 G & R VENDING

                            8136 CIRCUIT RIDER PATH
                             CICERO,  NY 13039-7308
                                 UNITED STATES

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 315-412-6804
URL: http://www.smartbusinessreports.com/Main.aspx?link=1009

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
EXPERIAN FILE NUMBER: 884150831

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: A1 - 5

YEARS IN BUSINESS: 24 - ACTUAL

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
PRIMARY SIC:
5962 - Vending Machine Operators
SECONDARY SIC:
3581 - Automatic Vending Machines
5046 - Commercial Equipment, Nec
5932 - Used Merchandise Stores

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

SALES: USD 32,000 - ACTUAL

BUSINESS ANALYSIS:
TRADE PAYMENT EXPERIENCES:
(TRADE LINES WITH AN '*' ARE NEWLY REPORTED)
                                   RECENT    ------ ACCOUNT STATUS ------
                                     HIGH               -DAYS PAST DUE-
BUSINESS    DATE        LAST       CREDIT   BALANCE        1-  31-  61-
CATEGORY    REPTD       SALE            $         $  CUR   30   60   90  91+
FINCL SVCS  03/01/17    04/09         300        --   --   --   --   --   --
Payment Terms: NET 30
Comments: ACCTCLOSED

FOOTNOTES: + IN FIRST COLUMN INDICATES COMPANY IS PAYING FASTER THAN THE
INDUSTRY NORM;
- IN FIRST COLUMN INDICATES COMPANY IS PAYING SLOWER THAN THE INDUSTRY NORM;
= IN FIRST COLUMN INDICATES COMPANY PAYS THE SAME AS THE INDUSTRY NORM;
<,> SIGNS INDICATE TRUE HIGH CREDIT OR BALANCE IS < OR > AMOUNT SHOWN


ADDITIONAL PAYMENT EXPERIENCES:
(TRADE LINES WITH AN '*' ARE NEWLY REPORTED)
                                   RECENT    ------ ACCOUNT STATUS ------
                                     HIGH               -DAYS PAST DUE-
BUSINESS    DATE        LAST       CREDIT   BALANCE        1-  31-  61-
CATEGORY    REPTD       SALE            $         $  CUR   30   60   90  91+
AUTO RENTL  02/08/17    --             --        --   --   --   --   --   --
Payment Terms: NET 30
CRED CARD   02/22/17    11/10          --        --   --   --   --   --   --
Payment Terms: REVOLVE
Comments: CHARGE OFF
FINCL SVCS  09/23/15    03/09         300        --   --   --   --   --   --
Payment Terms: CONTRCT

TRADE PAYMENT TOTALS:
                                      RECENT    ------ ACCOUNT STATUS ------
                                        HIGH               -DAYS PAST DUE-
                                      CREDIT   BALANCE        1-  31-  61-
                                           $         $  CUR   30   60   90  91+
CONTINUOUSLY REPORTED: 1                 300        --   --   --   --   --   --
DBT: N/A
NEWLY REPORTED: --                        --        --   --   --   --   --   --
DBT: N/A
TRADE LINE TOTALS: 1                     300        --   --   --   --   --   --
DBT: N/A
HIGHEST CREDIT MEDIAN: USD 300

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2017


                              525 of 996 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 Experian Information Solutions, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved
                         Experian Powered Business Data

                                 March 7, 2017

                       FILE ESTABLISHED: November 1, 2014

                                  GAIRET MYERS

                            8121 CIRCUIT RIDER PATH
                             CICERO,  NY 13039-7309
                                 UNITED STATES

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 315-699-9904
URL: http://www.smartbusinessreports.com/Main.aspx?link=1009

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
EXPERIAN FILE NUMBER: 993941993

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
OFFICERS:

     ·    GAIRET MYERS, OWNER


* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
PRIMARY SIC:
5599 - Automotive Dealers, Nec
SECONDARY SIC:
6512 - Building Operators, Nonresidential

BUSINESS ANALYSIS:
TRADE PAYMENT EXPERIENCES:
(TRADE LINES WITH AN '*' ARE NEWLY REPORTED)
                                   RECENT    ------ ACCOUNT STATUS ------
                                     HIGH               -DAYS PAST DUE-
BUSINESS    DATE        LAST       CREDIT   BALANCE        1-  31-  61-
CATEGORY    REPTD       SALE            $         $  CUR   30   60   90  91+
DISTRIBUTR  02/08/17    --             --        --   --   --   --   --   --
Payment Terms: COD
Comments: CUST  3 YR

FOOTNOTES: + IN FIRST COLUMN INDICATES COMPANY IS PAYING FASTER THAN THE
INDUSTRY NORM;
- IN FIRST COLUMN INDICATES COMPANY IS PAYING SLOWER THAN THE INDUSTRY NORM;
= IN FIRST COLUMN INDICATES COMPANY PAYS THE SAME AS THE INDUSTRY NORM;
<,> SIGNS INDICATE TRUE HIGH CREDIT OR BALANCE IS < OR > AMOUNT SHOWN


ADDITIONAL PAYMENT EXPERIENCES:
(TRADE LINES WITH AN '*' ARE NEWLY REPORTED)
                                   RECENT    ------ ACCOUNT STATUS ------
                                     HIGH               -DAYS PAST DUE-
BUSINESS    DATE        LAST       CREDIT   BALANCE        1-  31-  61-
CATEGORY    REPTD       SALE            $         $  CUR   30   60   90  91+
BANK CARD   02/20/17    --          9,800     3,200 100%   --   --   --   --
Payment Terms: REVOLVE

TRADE PAYMENT TOTALS:
                                      RECENT    ------ ACCOUNT STATUS ------
                                        HIGH               -DAYS PAST DUE-
                                      CREDIT   BALANCE        1-  31-  61-
                                           $         $  CUR   30   60   90  91+
CONTINUOUSLY REPORTED: 1                  --        --   --   --   --   --   --
DBT: N/A
NEWLY REPORTED: --                        --        --   --   --   --   --   --
DBT: N/A
TRADE LINE TOTALS: 1                      --        --   --   --   --   --   --
DBT: N/A

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2017


                              526 of 996 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 Experian Information Solutions, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved
                         Experian Powered Business Data

                                 March 7, 2017

                         FILE ESTABLISHED: June 1, 2015

                                 GEOFF TIFFANY

                            4968 CIRCUIT RIDER LN S
                             SALEM,  OR 97302-9310
                                 UNITED STATES

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 503-302-7659
URL: http://www.smartbusinessreports.com/Main.aspx?link=1009

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
EXPERIAN FILE NUMBER: 401520617

BUSINESS ANALYSIS:
TRADE PAYMENT EXPERIENCES:
(TRADE LINES WITH AN '*' ARE NEWLY REPORTED)
                                   RECENT    ------ ACCOUNT STATUS ------
                                     HIGH               -DAYS PAST DUE-
BUSINESS    DATE        LAST       CREDIT   BALANCE        1-  31-  61-
CATEGORY    REPTD       SALE            $         $  CUR   30   60   90  91+
EQUIPMENT   02/05/17    11/16       2,300        --   --   --   --   --   --
Payment Terms: COD

FOOTNOTES: + IN FIRST COLUMN INDICATES COMPANY IS PAYING FASTER THAN THE
INDUSTRY NORM;
- IN FIRST COLUMN INDICATES COMPANY IS PAYING SLOWER THAN THE INDUSTRY NORM;
= IN FIRST COLUMN INDICATES COMPANY PAYS THE SAME AS THE INDUSTRY NORM;
<,> SIGNS INDICATE TRUE HIGH CREDIT OR BALANCE IS < OR > AMOUNT SHOWN


TRADE PAYMENT TOTALS:
                                      RECENT    ------ ACCOUNT STATUS ------
                                        HIGH               -DAYS PAST DUE-
                                      CREDIT   BALANCE        1-  31-  61-
                                           $         $  CUR   30   60   90  91+
CONTINUOUSLY REPORTED: 1               2,300        --   --   --   --   --   --
DBT: N/A
NEWLY REPORTED: --                        --        --   --   --   --   --   --
DBT: N/A
TRADE LINE TOTALS: 1                   2,300        --   --   --   --   --   --
DBT: N/A

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2017


                              527 of 996 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 Experian Information Solutions, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved
                         Experian Powered Business Data

                                 March 7, 2017

                        FILE ESTABLISHED: April 1, 1988

                       GREAT OAKS COUNTRY DAY SCHOOL, INC

                             17553 CIRCUIT RIDER DR
                           BEAVERDAM,  VA 23015-1567
                                 UNITED STATES

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
URL: http://www.smartbusinessreports.com/Main.aspx?link=1009

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
EXPERIAN FILE NUMBER: 713051741

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
LEGAL STATUS: CCORPORATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
OFFICERS:

     ·    VICKIE K. GRAY, PRES


* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
PRIMARY SIC:
8351 - Child Day Care Services
SECONDARY SIC:
8051 - Nursing Care Facilities, Skilled

BUSINESS ANALYSIS:
UNIFORM COMMERCIAL CODE FILINGS (UCC):

     ·    Date Filed: 9/16/2013
     ·    Type: UCC-FILED
     ·    Document Number: 13091638627
     ·    Filing Location: SEC OF STATE VA
     ·    Collateral: EQUIP
     ·    Original Filing Location: VA
     ·    Original Document Number: 1309163862



     ·    Date Filed: 9/16/2013
     ·    Type: UCC-TERM
     ·    Document Number: 16082941156
     ·    Filing Location: SEC OF STATE VA
     ·    Original Filing Location: VA
     ·    Original Document Number: 1309163862




UCC COLLATERAL COUNTS:

     ·    COMPANY HAS 1 UCC FILINGS WITH 2 COLLATERAL ITEM(S)


LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2017


                              528 of 996 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 Experian Information Solutions, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved
                         Experian Powered Business Data

                                 March 7, 2017

                       FILE ESTABLISHED: February 1, 2005

                      HOMEOWNERS ASSOCIATION OF CIRCUIT RI

                            4769 CIRCUIT RIDER LN S
                             SALEM,  OR 97302-9798
                                 UNITED STATES

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 503-371-3210
URL: http://www.smartbusinessreports.com/Main.aspx?link=1009

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
EXPERIAN FILE NUMBER: 821287390

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
LEGAL STATUS: CCORPORATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
OFFICERS:

     ·    NORMAN F. GRUBER, PRES
     ·    TINA A. CALOS, SECRETARY


* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
PRIMARY SIC:
6515 - Mobile Home Sites, Residential
SECONDARY SIC:
7538 - Automotive Repair Shops, General

BUSINESS ANALYSIS:
ADDITIONAL PAYMENT EXPERIENCES:
(TRADE LINES WITH AN '*' ARE NEWLY REPORTED)
                                   RECENT    ------ ACCOUNT STATUS ------
                                     HIGH               -DAYS PAST DUE-
BUSINESS    DATE        LAST       CREDIT   BALANCE        1-  31-  61-
CATEGORY    REPTD       SALE            $         $  CUR   30   60   90  91+
COMMUN SVC  12/18/14    --           <100      <100 100%   --   --   --   --
Payment Terms: CONTRCT

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2017


                              529 of 996 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 Experian Information Solutions, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved
                         Experian Powered Business Data

                                 March 7, 2017

                         FILE ESTABLISHED: July 1, 1998

                             JACKSON RESOURCES, INC

                            4859 CIRCUIT RIDER LN S
                             SALEM,  OR 97302-9311
                                 UNITED STATES

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 503-364-2706
URL: http://www.smartbusinessreports.com/Main.aspx?link=1009

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
EXPERIAN FILE NUMBER: 809272641

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
LEGAL STATUS: CCORPORATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
OFFICERS:

     ·    KIMBERLY Y. HERBEL, PRES
     ·    MICHAEL C. HERBEL, SECRETARY


* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
PRIMARY SIC:
6531 - Real Estate Agents & Managers
SECONDARY SIC:
7311 - Advertising Agencies

BUSINESS ANALYSIS:
TRADE PAYMENT EXPERIENCES:
(TRADE LINES WITH AN '*' ARE NEWLY REPORTED)
                                   RECENT    ------ ACCOUNT STATUS ------
                                     HIGH               -DAYS PAST DUE-
BUSINESS    DATE        LAST       CREDIT   BALANCE        1-  31-  61-
CATEGORY    REPTD       SALE            $         $  CUR   30   60   90  91+
BLDG MATRL  02/18/17    01/17         400        --   --   --   --   --   --
Payment Terms: CREDIT

FOOTNOTES: + IN FIRST COLUMN INDICATES COMPANY IS PAYING FASTER THAN THE
INDUSTRY NORM;
- IN FIRST COLUMN INDICATES COMPANY IS PAYING SLOWER THAN THE INDUSTRY NORM;
= IN FIRST COLUMN INDICATES COMPANY PAYS THE SAME AS THE INDUSTRY NORM;
<,> SIGNS INDICATE TRUE HIGH CREDIT OR BALANCE IS < OR > AMOUNT SHOWN


TRADE PAYMENT TOTALS:
                                      RECENT    ------ ACCOUNT STATUS ------
                                        HIGH               -DAYS PAST DUE-
                                      CREDIT   BALANCE        1-  31-  61-
                                           $         $  CUR   30   60   90  91+
CONTINUOUSLY REPORTED: 1                 400        --   --   --   --   --   --
DBT: N/A
NEWLY REPORTED: --                        --        --   --   --   --   --   --
DBT: N/A
TRADE LINE TOTALS: 1                     400        --   --   --   --   --   --
DBT: N/A

PAYMENT HISTORY - QUARTERLY AVERAGES:
                                      -DAYS PAST DUE-
                          BALANCE        1-  31-  61-
                DBT             $  CUR   30   60   90  91+
4TH-Q-16         --            --   --   --   --   --   --
3RD-Q-16         --            --   --   --   --   --   --
2ND-Q-16         --            --   --   --   --   --   --
1ST-Q-16         --           300 100%   --   --   --   --
4TH-Q-15         --            --   --   --   --   --   --

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2017


                              530 of 996 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 Experian Information Solutions, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved
                         Experian Powered Business Data

                                 March 7, 2017

                       FILE ESTABLISHED: January 1, 2017

                                 MEREDITH RICH

                            4969 CIRCUIT RIDER LN S
                             SALEM,  OR 97302-9310
                                 UNITED STATES

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 503-580-4899
URL: http://www.smartbusinessreports.com/Main.aspx?link=1009

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
EXPERIAN FILE NUMBER: 421309269

BUSINESS ANALYSIS:
TRADE PAYMENT EXPERIENCES:
(TRADE LINES WITH AN '*' ARE NEWLY REPORTED)
                                   RECENT    ------ ACCOUNT STATUS ------
                                     HIGH               -DAYS PAST DUE-
BUSINESS    DATE        LAST       CREDIT   BALANCE        1-  31-  61-
CATEGORY    REPTD       SALE            $         $  CUR   30   60   90  91+
ACCT SVCS   02/16/17*   --            100        --   --   --   --   --   --
Payment Terms: VARIED
FOOTWEAR    02/01/17*   --            100        --   --   --   --   --   --
Payment Terms: VARIOUS
Comments: PROMPT

FOOTNOTES: + IN FIRST COLUMN INDICATES COMPANY IS PAYING FASTER THAN THE
INDUSTRY NORM;
- IN FIRST COLUMN INDICATES COMPANY IS PAYING SLOWER THAN THE INDUSTRY NORM;
= IN FIRST COLUMN INDICATES COMPANY PAYS THE SAME AS THE INDUSTRY NORM;
<,> SIGNS INDICATE TRUE HIGH CREDIT OR BALANCE IS < OR > AMOUNT SHOWN


TRADE PAYMENT TOTALS:
                                      RECENT    ------ ACCOUNT STATUS ------
                                        HIGH               -DAYS PAST DUE-
                                      CREDIT   BALANCE        1-  31-  61-
                                           $         $  CUR   30   60   90  91+
CONTINUOUSLY REPORTED: --                 --        --   --   --   --   --   --
DBT: N/A
NEWLY REPORTED: 2                        200        --   --   --   --   --   --
DBT: N/A
TRADE LINE TOTALS: 2                     200        --   --   --   --   --   --
DBT: N/A
HIGHEST CREDIT MEDIAN: USD 100

INQUIRIES:
SIC  Description                 1    2    3    4    5    6    7    8    9
1270 BUREAU         03/17       --   --    1   --   --   --   --   --   --
--   TOTAL          03/17       --   --    1   --   --   --   --   --   --

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2017


                              531 of 996 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 Experian Information Solutions, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved
                         Experian Powered Business Data

                                 March 7, 2017

                       FILE ESTABLISHED: December 1, 2011

                           NESKOWIN ENTERPRISES, LLC

                            4859 CIRCUIT RIDER LN S
                             SALEM,  OR 97302-9311
                                 UNITED STATES

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
URL: http://www.smartbusinessreports.com/Main.aspx?link=1009

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
EXPERIAN FILE NUMBER: 954320407

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
LEGAL STATUS: CCORPORATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
OFFICERS:

     ·    MICHAEL C. HERBEL, MEMBER


BUSINESS ANALYSIS:
ADDITIONAL PAYMENT EXPERIENCES:
(TRADE LINES WITH AN '*' ARE NEWLY REPORTED)
                                   RECENT    ------ ACCOUNT STATUS ------
                                     HIGH               -DAYS PAST DUE-
BUSINESS    DATE        LAST       CREDIT   BALANCE        1-  31-  61-
CATEGORY    REPTD       SALE            $         $  CUR   30   60   90  91+
AUTO RENTL  02/08/17    --             --        --   --   --   --   --   --
Payment Terms: NET 30

UNIFORM COMMERCIAL CODE FILINGS (UCC):

     ·    Date Filed: 3/4/2013
     ·    Type: UCC-FILED
     ·    Document Number: 89656648
     ·    Filing Location: SEC OF STATE OR
     ·    Original Filing Location: OR
     ·    Original Document Number: 89656648



     ·    Date Filed: 3/4/2013
     ·    Type: UCC-AMENDED
     ·    Document Number: 89656648-2
     ·    Filing Location: SEC OF STATE OR
     ·    Original Filing Location: OR
     ·    Original Document Number: 89656648




     ·    Date Filed: 3/4/2013
     ·    Type: UCC-AMENDED
     ·    Document Number: 89656648-1
     ·    Filing Location: SEC OF STATE OR
     ·    Original Filing Location: OR
     ·    Original Document Number: 89656648




UCC COLLATERAL COUNTS:

     ·    COMPANY HAS 1 UCC FILINGS WITH 3 COLLATERAL ITEM(S)


LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2017


                              532 of 996 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 Experian Information Solutions, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved
                         Experian Powered Business Data

                                 March 7, 2017

                        FILE ESTABLISHED: April 1, 2007

                               PURIFICATION PLUS

                              183 CIRCUIT RIDER RD
                         GREEN CV SPGS,  FL 32043-9516
                                 UNITED STATES

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 904-282-5221
URL: http://www.smartbusinessreports.com/Main.aspx?link=1009

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
EXPERIAN FILE NUMBER: 894721802

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: A1 - 5

YEARS IN BUSINESS: 10 - ACTUAL

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
OFFICERS:

     ·    JOHN C. HETTINGER, OWNER


* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC CODES:
5999 - Retail Stores, Misc, Nec

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

SALES: USD 26,000 - ACTUAL

BUSINESS ANALYSIS:
ADDITIONAL PAYMENT EXPERIENCES:
(TRADE LINES WITH AN '*' ARE NEWLY REPORTED)
                                   RECENT    ------ ACCOUNT STATUS ------
                                     HIGH               -DAYS PAST DUE-
BUSINESS    DATE        LAST       CREDIT   BALANCE        1-  31-  61-
CATEGORY    REPTD       SALE            $         $  CUR   30   60   90  91+
CRED CARD   05/31/16    --            800        --   --   --   --   --   --
Payment Terms: OTHER
Comments: ACCTSOLD

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2017


                              533 of 996 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 Experian Information Solutions, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved
                         Experian Powered Business Data

                                 March 7, 2017

                       FILE ESTABLISHED: October 1, 2008

                             RAINSONG WRITERS, LLC

                            4609 CIRCUIT RIDER LN S
                             SALEM,  OR 97302-9797
                                 UNITED STATES

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 503-315-7518
URL: http://www.smartbusinessreports.com/Main.aspx?link=1009

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
EXPERIAN FILE NUMBER: 895290757

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
LEGAL STATUS: CCORPORATION
EMPLOYEES: A1 - 5

YEARS IN BUSINESS: 9 - ACTUAL

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
OFFICERS:

     ·    MELISSA L. BEAL, MANAGER


* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC CODES:
8999 - Services, Nec

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

SALES: USD 10,000 - ACTUAL

BUSINESS ANALYSIS:
ADDITIONAL PAYMENT EXPERIENCES:
(TRADE LINES WITH AN '*' ARE NEWLY REPORTED)
                                   RECENT    ------ ACCOUNT STATUS ------
                                     HIGH               -DAYS PAST DUE-
BUSINESS    DATE        LAST       CREDIT   BALANCE        1-  31-  61-
CATEGORY    REPTD       SALE            $         $  CUR   30   60   90  91+
BANK CARD   07/03/15    --         14,200        --   --   --   --   --   --
Payment Terms: REVOLVE

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2017


                              534 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                Rugby Advertiser

                           September 23, 2016 Friday

MOTORCYCLING: Keith Jaggard at Oulton Park

LENGTH: 389  words


Rugby rider sets new personal best lap time

After the disappointment of the previous round at Cadwell Park, Rugby Racer
Keith Jaggard and  his fellow Ducati Tri-Options Cup championship contenders
headed to Cheshire's picturesque Oulton Park for races 11 and 12 of the season,
writes Colin Hill.

FRIDAY FREE PRACTICE: Heading out  onto a dry track for the first session of the
weekend  Keith hoped to put the previous race weekend firmly behind him and soon
settled into a nice rhythm to reacquaint himself with the undulating fast 2.6
mile circuit and by the end of the session he had secured himself the 23rd
fastest time ahead of the afternoon's Qualifying session.

QUALIFYING: A wet track greeted the riders as the went out for their only
Qualifying period so  there would be no heroics on Keith's part and as the flag
fell to signal the end  of his day's  work he  had put himself in 24th for the
first race of the weekend on Saturday afternoon.

SATURDAY RACE 1: In stark contrast to the wet conditions the met the riders the
previous day, on Saturday they rolled out to bright  dry circuit, which would be
good for racing. Taking to his start position Keith was eager to get off to a
good start and, as the lights went out he did just that, but he knew he would be
in for a race long fight with the riders around him. As the race hotted up so
did the pace and by the end of the  10-lap race Keith had not only moved up to
20th position but had also lowered his personal best time around the circuit by
almost 4.5 seconds.

SUNDAY RACE 2: After the fast pace he had maintained in Saturday's race Keith
hoped for more of the same and with the weather even better this wasn't  an
impossibility. Starting one place higher due to his previous race pace. Lights
out and once again he went off at pace and again the battle went all the way to
the chequered flag, but this time he was unable to  better his finish position,
but he was over the moon' with the pace and feeling in comparison to the last
round at Cadwell Park.

Next stop for  the Championship is away over the Water at Hollands Assen
circuit, better known as The Cathederal of Speed where Keith will not only
compete in the British Ducati Tri-Options Cup, but, has also secured an entry to
the Dutch Open Superbike Championship Race, so he will be in for a very busy
weekend.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MHRA


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              535 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            Birmingham Evening Mail

                              July 22, 2016 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Top cyclists head for Broad Street in national event

BYLINE: TAMLYN JONES

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 347 words


A NATIONAL cycling championships will see some of the sport's finest talent take
to Birmingham's Broad Street next week for an hour-long circuit race.

British Cycling has chosen Birmingham to host its National Circuit Race
Championships on July 28 - an event previously won by Olympians and world champs
such as Lizzie Armitstead, Mark Cavendish and Joanna Rowsell.

The event will see the men's and women's race complete a 1.1-kilometre circuit
around the famous Birmingham street repeatedly for 50 minutes before the riders
finish off with five final, furious laps. The first over the line is then
crowned the champion.

Winners will then have the honour of donning the red, white and blue national
champions' jerseys for the next year. The race will start in Broad Street
outside the Jurys Inn hotel, before turning left into Granville Street and then
taking in Holliday Street and Bridge Street before going back to the start line.

The women's race is due to start at 6.30pm and the men's at 8pm.

There appetite the region previous hosted with real Jonny Clay, British
Cycling's cycle sport and membership director, said: "We are delighted to be
bringing the 2016 National Circuit Race Championships to Birmingham.

Jonny "We know that there is a huge appetite for cycling in the region and all
previous events we have hosted in the city have been met with real enthusiasm.

"These championships will give the people of the Midlands a chance to watch some
of the country's best riders in action and we look forward to welcoming another
passionate crowd," he added.

Councillor Ian Ward, deputy leader of Birmingham City Council, added:
"Birmingham has a proud track record of hosting a wide range of prestigious
sporting events so I am absolutely delighted that we will be welcoming riders
and fans alike to this year's British Cycling National Circuit Race
Championships.

is a huge for cycling." in and all events we have have been met enthusiasm.

Clay "This promises to be a truly fantastic event for Birmingham and one which I
hope will also inspire people across the city to take up cycling."

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BMM


               Copyright 2016 Midland Independent Newspapers plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              536 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                              birminghammail.co.uk

                      July 20, 2016 Wednesday 5:12 PM GMT

British Cycling championships comes to Birmingham's Broad Street;
Some of the sport's elite competitors will take part in fast and furious road
race around city centre streets

BYLINE: By Tamlyn Jones

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 351 words


A national cycling championships will see some of the sport's finest talent take
to Birmingham's Broad Street next week for an hour-long circuit race.

British Cycling has chosen Birmingham to host its National Circuit Race
Championships on July 28 - an event previously won by Olympians and world champs
such as Lizzie Armitstead, Mark Cavendish and Joanna Rowsell.

The event will see the men's and women's race complete a 1.1-kilometre circuit
around the famous Birmingham street repeatedly for 50 minutes before the riders
finish off with five final, furious laps.

The first over the line is then crowned the champion.

Win £250 cycle accessories at Cycle Republic

Winners will then have the honour of donning the red, white and blue national
champions' jerseys for the next year.

As the map below shows, the race will start in Broad Street outside the Jurys
Inn hotel, before turning left into Granville Street and then taking in Holliday
Street and Bridge Street before going back to the start line.

The women's race is due to start at 6.30pm and the men's at 8pm.

Jonny Clay, British Cycling's cycle sport and membership director, said: "We are
delighted to be taking the 2016 National Circuit Race Championships to
Birmingham.

"We know that there is a huge appetite for cycling in the region and all
previous events we have hosted in the city have been met with real enthusiasm.

"These championships will give the people of the Midlands a chance to watch some
of the country's best riders in action and we look forward to welcoming another
passionate crowd to the event."

West Brom: Ben Foster is relying on pedal power to prepare for the new season

Coun Ian Ward, deputy leader of Birmingham City Council, added: "Birmingham has
a proud track record of hosting a wide range of prestigious sporting events so I
am absolutely delighted that we will be welcoming riders and fans alike to this
year's British Cycling National Circuit Race Championships.

"This promises to be a truly fantastic event for Birmingham and one which I hope
will also inspire people across the city to take up cycling."

Watch: Cycling near-misses

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBEM


                         Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              537 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                              birminghampost.co.uk

                      July 20, 2016 Wednesday 5:12 PM GMT

British Cycling championships comes to Birmingham's Broad Street;
Some of the sport's elite competitors will take part in fast and furious road
race around city centre streets

BYLINE: By Tamlyn Jones

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 351 words


A national cycling championships will see some of the sport's finest talent take
to Birmingham's Broad Street next week for an hour-long circuit race.

British Cycling has chosen Birmingham to host its National Circuit Race
Championships on July 28 - an event previously won by Olympians and world champs
such as Lizzie Armitstead, Mark Cavendish and Joanna Rowsell.

The event will see the men's and women's race complete a 1.1-kilometre circuit
around the famous Birmingham street repeatedly for 50 minutes before the riders
finish off with five final, furious laps.

The first over the line is then crowned the champion.

Win £250 cycle accessories at Cycle Republic

Winners will then have the honour of donning the red, white and blue national
champions' jerseys for the next year.

As the map below shows, the race will start in Broad Street outside the Jurys
Inn hotel, before turning left into Granville Street and then taking in Holliday
Street and Bridge Street before going back to the start line.

Watch: Cycling near-misses

The women's race is due to start at 6.30pm and the men's at 8pm.

Jonny Clay, British Cycling's cycle sport and membership director, said: "We are
delighted to be taking the 2016 National Circuit Race Championships to
Birmingham.

"We know that there is a huge appetite for cycling in the region and all
previous events we have hosted in the city have been met with real enthusiasm.

"These championships will give the people of the Midlands a chance to watch some
of the country's best riders in action and we look forward to welcoming another
passionate crowd to the event."

West Brom: Ben Foster is relying on pedal power to prepare for the new season

Coun Ian Ward, deputy leader of Birmingham City Council, added: "Birmingham has
a proud track record of hosting a wide range of prestigious sporting events so I
am absolutely delighted that we will be welcoming riders and fans alike to this
year's British Cycling National Circuit Race Championships.

"This promises to be a truly fantastic event for Birmingham and one which I hope
will also inspire people across the city to take up cycling."

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBBP


                         Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              538 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                              Eastern Daily Press

                             July 12, 2016 Tuesday

Schoolboy motorcyclist awakes from medically induced coma

BYLINE: Matthew Ely

SECTION: ROP

LENGTH: 465 words


A schoolboy motorcycle champion has awoken from a medically â ¨induced coma he
had to be placed in after a high-speed collision with another rider at
Snetterton race circuit.



Thirteen-year-old Caleb Smith, from Solihull, came off his machine during a
practice lap at Saturday's KTM British Junior Cup event.

Trackside safety staff rushed to his aid before he was transferred to the
circuit medical centre, where he was found to have a serious head injury.

He was flown by air ambulance to the paediatric intensive care unit of
Addenbrooke's Hospital, Cambridge where medics placed him in an induced coma.

The other rider in the crash, 14-year-old Adam Phipps, from Bridgnorth, escaped
unhurt.

Caleb has since awoken from the coma and started responding to his family's
voices, and his father Simon Smith said his helmet had almost certainly saved
his life.

"Caleb appears to be making progress, he is off the ventilator and has said a
few words," he said.

"Thanks to everyone for their kind words and offers of help and support. Thanks
to the marshals, medics and support staff at the British Superbikes. Thanks to
the air medics and aircrew on the air ambulance.

"Thanks to the amazing NHS. Thanks to LS2 helmets - I think you have saved his
life."

Caleb, one of the rising stars of the sport, was riding along the circuit's
Tyrrells Straight on a "sighting lap" when the accident happened. It was the
second time he had been injured during the KTM British Junior Cup event.

On his official Facebook page, dad Simon had announced on Friday: "Caleb crashed
early in qualifying. He has been X-rayed by the excellent medical team. No
broken bones fortunately. He is with the physio team now and is on a cooling
machine.

"They are trying to reduce any swelling so he can get out for Race 1 later. Some
good news - despite all this, he qualified in seventh!"

Caleb, the North Gloucester Road Racing Club F125 Champion, signed a two-year
deal to race in the Factory Plant Associates race team starting in April this
year.

Hundreds of people posted Facebook well-wishes to the young star following the
crash at Snetterton.

"Get well soon young man," said Rick Sutcliffe. "Any accident at a meeting is
bad but seems all the more poignant when it's a rider so young. Hope you're back
doing what you love real soon."

Sarah Southgate added: "I hope you make a full recovery soon. Thoughts are with
you and your family."

The schoolboy's aunt, Tracy McCann, told him: "Come on kiddo, you just show them
all that you're as tough as old boots - love ya, Auntie Tracy."

Mr Smith, who himself races classic sidecars and has taken part in the Isle of
Man TT races, said: "Caleb's been racing since he was six. He absolutely loves
the sport, has a natural aptitude for it and really wants to get as far as he
can."

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EDP


                    Copyright 2016 Archant Regional Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              539 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                  News Letter

                            June 15, 2016 Wednesday

Determined Bonner out to make amends at Ulster GP

LENGTH: 538  words


Meath's Alan Bonner is eager to put the disappointment of his 2015 practice
crash behind him at this year's MCE Insurance Ulster Grand Prix in August.

The Devitt RC Express Kawasaki rider came off at Dawson's Bend on his Superstock
machine last year, ruling him out of the remainder of the event.

Bonner, who joined Ivan Lintin in the Bristol-based RC Express Racing squad this
season, will ride a 1000cc Kawasaki ZX-10R in the Superstock and Superbike
classes at the world's fastest road race later this summer.

The 2010 Irish Senior Road Race champion said he hopes to make the most of his
opportunity with the team to record some solid results at Dundrod and erase the
memories of his unfortunate tumble last season.

"I'm pretty excited about the opportunity I now have with RC Express Racing,
it's a mega team and the bikes are absolutely immaculate," he said.

"To come from working out of the back of my van to something like this - I
almost have to pinch myself. The challenge now is to make that next step and
move my performance up a level and that's what I'll be looking to do at the
Ulster.

"I can't wait to get back to Dundrod, especially after last year's big crash at
Dawson's during practice," he added.

"It was really frustrating as I was going well. It's great to be pushing with
the frontrunners but I'm still learning as I haven't had as many laps as I'd
like there yet."

Like many riders, Bonner is a massive fan of the 7.4-mile Dundrod course, which
he rates as the best pure roads circuit in Ireland.

"I haven't had the luck I want at the UGP yet, but I absolutely love the
circuit: it's without doubt the best in Ireland.

"Credit to the organisers and the effort they put in making improvements every
year to make it safer," he said.

"My favourite thing about the circuit is the Flying Kilo," he added. "190mph
between the hedges - there's nothing better!"

Ulster GP Clerk of the Cours Noel Johnston said he feels the Irish rider will be
one to keep an eye on at the last of the big three' international road races in
two months' time.

"I'm sure Alan was disappointed not to get the opportunity to prove himself at
Dundrod last year but with more experience and the backing of the fantastic RC
Express Racing team I think he'll be one to watch this year," Johnston said.

"He's shown great pace at the internationals and clearly has a connection with
the circuit and I'm looking forward to seeing his natural ability continue to
shine through this August."

The 2016 MCE Insurance Ulster Grand Prix will take place between August 8-13.

The headline events include the Dundrod 150 National meeting on Thursday, August
11 with the main race bill taking place on Saturday, August 13.

Practice will take place on Wednesday and Thursday, April 10 and 11 and a full
programme of entertainment will be laid on each night in the hospitality
marquee.

General admission wristbands and tickets for the Joey Dunlop Grandstand are now
on sale via Ticketmaster and can also be purchased around the course during Bike
Week.

The official launch of the event will be held at Lagan Valley Island in Lisburn
on July 4, with a special Meet the Riders evening taking place at the Ramada
Plaza, Shaw's Bridge, Belfast later that evening from 7.30pm.

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: INNL


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              540 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Times (Kigali)

                                  May 07, 2016

Rwf70 Million Earmarked for Rwanda Cycling Cup

BYLINE: Peter Kamasa

LENGTH: 450 words


The second edition of the annual Rwanda Cycling Cup will cost an estimated Rwf70
million, the organisers, Rwanda Cycling Federation, have revealed. The
federation president, Aimable Bayingana made the announcement during a press
conference held at Classic Hotel in Kicukiro on Thursday.

The competition, which includes 11 races, starts today with the first race,
dubbed 'Farmers' Race' from Amahoro National Stadium in Kigali to Nyagatare
District in the Eastern Province.

The race will end on October 23, less than a month before the start of Tour du
Rwanda.

Today's race will start from Kigali-Nyagatare, covering a total distance of
148,5km where over 60 cyclists - juniors and seniors (in both genders) - will
compete. Last year's inaugural Rwanda Cycling Cup cost Rwf48m.

Bayingana said the competitions are aimed at discovering young talented cyclists
who can ride for the national team in international competitions. The Rwanda
Cycling Cup is sponsored by Skol and Cogebanque.

"I think we are going to identify new young talent from these races, and we hope
the races will greatly improve the standards of our cyclists. Last year we
discovered Joseph Areruya and we believe this year we will discover other riders
with great potential," he said.

Riders will accumulate points from each race and at the end the season, the
rider with the highest number of points will be overall national champion.
Reigning Tour du Rwanda champion Jean Bosco Nsengimana is also the defending
champion of the Rwanda Cycling Cup.

The race will attract riders from different cycling clubs under the Federation
of Cycling, including; Benediction Club, Les Amis Sportifs, Cine Elmay, Fly
Cycling Club, Huye Cycling Club for All, and Kiramuruzi Cycling Club.

The race will see riders compete in four categories, namely; Elite Men, Men
U-23, Under 18 (Juniors Men and Women). The juniors will compete in 101km, from
Rwamagana to Nyagatare, while women elite will compete in 67km, from Kiramuruzi
to Nyagatare.

Winners of each of the ten races will receive Rwf100,000 while the winner of the
U23 category will get Rwf60,000. The overall winning team at the end of the
season will get Rwf500,000.

Full schedule

May, 7, Farmers' Race: Kigali-Nyagatare

May, 14, Race to remember: Bugesera-Kigali + circuits

May, 21, Kivu Race: Ngororero-Rubavu + circuits

June, 25, National Championships/ Race against Clock/ Nyamata

June, 26, Road race: Muhanga-Huye + Circuits

July, 9 Race For Culture: Nyamagabe-Nyanza + circuits

Aug. 6, Northern Race: Rubavu-Musanze + Circuits

Aug. 20, Muhazi Challenge: Kigali-Rwamagana + Circuits

Sept, 10 Central Challenge: Kigali-Muhanga + Circuits

Oct. 22, Kivu Belt: Karongi-Rusizi

Oct. 23, Nyungwe Challenge: Rusizi-Huye

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              541 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                          The Daily Telegraph (London)

                            February 26, 2016 Friday
                                   Edition 2;
                                National Edition

Longer stages to test riders in Tour of Britain;
Race is perfect build-up for world championships Wiggins may use event to call
halt on his career

BYLINE: Tom Cary

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 526 words


The route for the 2016 Tour of Britain has been announced, with a visit to the
iconic Cat and Fiddle climb in the Peak District, a repeat of the 2013 summit
finish atop Haytor in Dartmoor, and a Bristol time trial among the highlights.

The race, which will begin in Glasgow on Sunday, Sept 4, and finish a week later
in central London, features a variety of terrain and two stages in excess of
200km (124 miles).

Stage one will finish in Dumfries and Galloway's Castle Douglas, last visited by
the Tour of Britain in 2006, before the second stage in Cumbria and the Lake
District between Carlisle and Kendal, where riders will tackle Whinlatter Pass
and The Struggle before the uphill finish on Beast Banks.

The third stage, a 182km ride from Congleton to Tatton Park, Knutsford, takes in
the Cat and Fiddle Climb, just over 10.5km of relatively gen-tle gradient maxing
out at eight per cent.

Two stages taking in parts of Wales, the first from Denbigh to Builth Wells and
then from Aberdare back into England and a stage finish in Bath, follow, before
riders travel down to Devon and a repeat of the 2013 summit finish at Haytor in
Dartmoor National Park.

The penultimate day is split between a 15km individual time trial and 76.5km
circuit race, both on a 15.3km circuit finishing on the Bristol Downs. The race
then ends in London, on Sunday, Sept 11, with a repeat of the same circuit used
in 2015 which ends on Regent Street.

The Tour of Britain's reputation for preparing riders for the World Road Race
Championships, which traditionally take place soon after, has grown in recent
years and race director Mick Bennett said he hoped this year would prove no
exception, with many of the peloton travelling on to Doha a few weeks later.

"We believe that with the combination of longer stages of over 200km, the tough
circuit and time trial in Bristol and the summit finish at Haytor we have not
just a great preparation for the World Championships but also a fantastic race
that will showcase the British countryside and stands alone in its own right as
a race riders will want to win," he said.

The likely participation of Sir Bradley Wiggins following the Rio Olympics could
give fans another reason to line the roads.

Wiggins, 35, will be racing on the track, not the road, in Rio, but Bennett sees
the Tour of Britain as the ideal way for the country's first Tour de France
winner to sign off a career that has helped revolutionise cycling in this
country. "Bradley is such an icon, such a rock star, and it would be great for
him to tour the country before closing down an amazing career," he said.

Wiggins will team up with Mark Cavendish at the UCI Track Cycling World
Championships in London next week - a reunion which Wiggins likens to band The
Smiths reforming. He and Cavendish will ride the Madison together on Sunday,
March 6, eight years after they joined forces to win the world title in the
event in Manchester, where they spent yesterday in training.

Wiggins told Sky Sports News: "It's a bit like The Smiths: people want to see us
back together."

All eight Tour of Britain stages will be broadcast live on ITV4.

High road Route for this year's race

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: On track: Sir Bradley Wiggins trains yesterday in Manchester

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DTL


                  Copyright 2016 Telegraph Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              542 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                  Ulster Star

                            February 5, 2016 Friday

David Jeffries Memorial Supermoto set to take place

LENGTH: 337  words


This weekend the Temple Motorcycle Club will host the David Jeffries Memorial
Supermoto at a purpose built circuit during the Black Horse Ulster Motorcycle
Festival at the Eikon Centre, Lisburn.

The race is run in tribute to the late David Jeffries, killed during the Isle of
Man TT who was a fervent Supermoto rider and supporter, it has attracted a good
entry for the two day event, with Manx man Connor Cummins joining fellow road
racer, teenager Malachi Mitchell-Thomas to pit their skill against holder, John
Duncan from Scotland, and past holder and local man Davy McKee, the Supermoto
specialists.

Supporting the 30 odd Solo riders will be a grid of Quads which are always
impressive to watch on a Supermoto Circuits, some of them reaching 100mph plus
at the right circuit.

Supermoto is an exciting blend of road racing and motocross on a mixed surface,
and has been compared to Rallycross for motorcycles, bikes are motocross based
with road racing tyres and brakes, and riders slide the bikes into and round
corners, and also tackle dirt sections and jumps in the course of a lap.

Races are short and sharp, and are usually close.

Entry to the show will gain entry to the races, which the Club stresses are
actual races, rather than demonstration runs, with the final by invitation only,
on Sunday afternoon.

This is a welcome addition to the show which boasts ex Superbike World Champion
and King of the Jungle' Carl Fogarty as guest of honour, but also features
Michael Dunlop demonstrating his Ford Escort Mk11 Rally Car, and visits from Ian
Hutchinson, Glenn Irwin, Andy Reid, Alistair Seeley, William Dunlop and many
others.

Billy Nutt, of Nutt Travel, has organised a free bus transfer to and from
Lisburn Railway Station for those unwilling, or unable to drive, and there is
ample, free car parking for those travelling to the venue.

The Motorcycle Festival runs from Friday 5th February from 2pm  - 10pm, Satuday
6th & Sunday 7th February from 10am - 5pm.More details are available online at
www.motorcyclefest.tv

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: INUS


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              543 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                             Midlothian Advertiser

                            August 6, 2015 Thursday

Danderhall motorcycling ace in technical trouble

LENGTH: 304  words


Round eight of the National Superstock 1000 Championship and 27 year old
Motorcycle Ace Mick Robertson from Dunderhall made the long trip south to the
2.4 mile Thruxton circuit in Wiltshire, widely regarded as the fastest circuit
on the calendar.

Being such a fast circuit, many riders use Race Bike set up very similar to that
used at the Isle of Man TT where top speed is crucial for long straights
although there are bumpy sections of the track which can cause the bike to feel
unstable when travelling at 180mph. Soft suspension on the front should cope
with the bumps and hard suspension on the rear to help get the power down for
maximum speed on the straights although this strategy can also cause problems
with tyre wear. Each team is allowed 3 sets of new tyres during a weekend so
choosing when to use them is another decision the Rider and Team have to make as
the abrasive surface at Thruxton will cause the tyres to deteriate after just a
few laps. A few changes to the geometry on his Kawasaki ZX-10R race bike
improved the handling and Mick increased his lap times in every session and he
qualified in 13th place. A rider ahead of Mick on the grid was subsequently
disqualified for a technical infringement which promoted him to 12th and would
now start from row four on the grid. A good steady start and Mick was holding
his position before moving through the field to 10th place and he settled into a
steady rhythm. At half race distance his bike began to lose power and he started
to drop back down the field until on lap 12 he was forced to retire to the pits
with a suspected head gasket problem. An expensive engine rebuild may now be
required before the next Round of the Championship at Cadwell Park in three
weeks. Follow Mick on Twitter @mickrobertson98 and on Facebook with  Michael
Robertson Racing.

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SBMA


                       Copyright 2015 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              544 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                             Midlothian Advertiser

                            August 6, 2015 Thursday

Danderhall motorcycling ace in technical trouble

LENGTH: 304  words


Round eight of the National Superstock 1000 Championship and 27 year old
Motorcycle Ace Mick Robertson from Danderhall made the long trip south to the
2.4 mile Thruxton circuit in Wiltshire, widely regarded as the fastest circuit
on the calendar.

Being such a fast circuit, many riders use Race Bike set up very similar to that
used at the Isle of Man TT where top speed is crucial for long straights
although there are bumpy sections of the track which can cause the bike to feel
unstable when travelling at 180mph. Soft suspension on the front should cope
with the bumps and hard suspension on the rear to help get the power down for
maximum speed on the straights although this strategy can also cause problems
with tyre wear. Each team is allowed 3 sets of new tyres during a weekend so
choosing when to use them is another decision the Rider and Team have to make as
the abrasive surface at Thruxton will cause the tyres to deteriorate after just
a few laps. A few changes to the geometry on his Kawasaki ZX-10R race bike
improved the handling and Mick increased his lap times in every session and he
qualified in 13th place. A rider ahead of Mick on the grid was subsequently
disqualified for a technical infringement which promoted him to 12th and would
now start from row four on the grid. A good steady start and Mick was holding
his position before moving through the field to 10th place and he settled into a
steady rhythm. At half race distance his bike began to lose power and he started
to drop back down the field until on lap 12 he was forced to retire to the pits
with a suspected head gasket problem. An expensive engine rebuild may now be
required before the next Round of the Championship at Cadwell Park in three
weeks. Follow Mick on Twitter @mickrobertson98 and on Facebook with  Michael
Robertson Racing.

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SBMA


                       Copyright 2015 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              545 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The West Australian (Perth)

                            August 5, 2015 Wednesday
                                 First Edition

Thrills on two wheels get better;
 -----FACT BOX----

SECTION: TOD; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 342  words


B ike-racing games that get it right are few and far between. MotoGP, a game
that has been with us longer than any other title in the genre, has always
managed to offer great crotch-rocket riding fun and the most realistic feel
possible given the technology of the day.

Given the power of the latest generation consoles, MotoGP 15 ups the ante
considerably. It looks, feels and most importantly plays as realistically and
enjoyably as any game we have seen.

If you have seen MotoGP before you probably know the drill. The game features a
host of world-class riders, and tracks from the current GP circuit and the Moto2
and Moto3 fields are included as well. That means you get to indulge in personal
battles between Rossi, Marquez and the rest of their contemporaries.

Plus, if this wasnâ[#x20ac][TM]t enough, there are plenty of historical bikes
for you to hurl down the hallowed bitumen circuits. Some of these, like the
two-stroke weapons from the 90s, are fun but also quite a handful for those not
used to this sort of video game.

Thankfully MotoGP 15 caters for the less experienced riders among us too, with a
smorgasbord of assist modes to help you find your balance.

Indeed, balance is a real issue in the game and learning how to control the
pitch and yaw of the bike as you power through a corner or brake leading into a
particularly tricky hairpin is a really rewarding skill to master.

The game doesnâ[#x20ac][TM]t bring much to the table when compared to the
previous iteration though. There are new time-trial modes but MotoGP 15 still
feels like it is largely a re-skinned version of the 14 release with new team
liveries and a few touches here and there. Some elements such as the track
scenery and trees, if you slow down enough to actually look, are pretty
horrendous too.

That said, MotoGP 15 gets things right where it matters. The bikes handle
brilliantly and the game blends a steep challenge with enough of a sense of
reward to keep you interested.

GAME

Moto GP15  (G)

Format Reviewed: Xbox One

Distributor: 5 Star Games

RRP: $69.95

Rating: 710

REVIEW STEVE POLAK

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2015 West Australian NewsPapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              546 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        The Huddersfield Daily Examiner

                             August 3, 2015 Monday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Smith boosted by fine finish in Sepang

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 33

LENGTH: 274 words


KYLE SMITH took fifth place on his Honda CBR600RR at a hot and sultry Sepang
circuit in Malaysia in the ninth round of the World Supersport championship. The
race was won by fellow Honda rider PJ Jacobsen in his maiden World Supersport
victory.

Smith had never ridden the 5.543km Sepang circuit before Friday's free practice
sessions and made a good start despite a wet practice.

There were tyre grip woes in qualifying, however, which restricted the
23-year-old to a third row start for the 14-lap race.

The British Pata Honda rider got a superb start and was running in third place
in the early stages before dropping back to seventh.

Smith found his rhythm to climb back into fifth place but, by then the leading
group had opened a gap he was unable to bridge.

Smith will now head back to Europe to meet for the first time his new daughter,
Julia, who was born last weekend while he was racing for Honda in the 8 Hours
race at Suzuka in Japan.

And the Alicante-based rider is heading for a circuit he knows well as the World
Superbikes Championship series heads to Jerez in Spain on September 18-20.

Smith, now seventh in the Supersport standings, said: "It was a very lonely
race, but I am happy with the result.

"It was a new track for me, we had one session which was wet and we've struggled
a little for pace.

"We also had some problems with tyres in qualifying which didn't help us find
the pace, but at least the grip and tyre wear were consistent in the race, so
that was positive.

"To finish fifth in the race was a solid result that was needed by me and the
whole team after a couple of DNFs - so I'm happy to go into a summer break with
that."

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Kyle Smith (No111) in action in ¦the Supersport race at Sepang

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HDE


                           Copyright 2015 MGN Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              547 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                 examiner.co.uk

                       August 2, 2015 Sunday 4:28 PM GMT

Huddersfield racer Kyle Smith collects fifth place finish in World Supersport on
first visit to Sepang;
Pata Honda rider delighted to get back among the points

BYLINE: By huddersfieldexaminer Administrator

LENGTH: 274 words


Kyle Smith took fifth place on his Honda CBR600RR at a hot and sultry Sepang
circuit in Malaysia in the ninth round of the World Supersport championship.

The race was won by fellow Honda rider PJ Jacobsen in his maiden World
Supersport victory.

Smith had never ridden the 5.543km Sepang circuit before Friday's free practice
sessions and made a good start despite a wet practice.

There were tyre grip woes in qualifying, however, which restricted the
23-year-old to a third row start for the 14-lap race.

The British Pata Honda rider got a superb start and was running in third place
in the early stages before dropping back to seventh.

Smith found his rhythm to climb back into fifth place but, by then the leading
group had opened a gap he was unable to bridge.

Smith will now head back to Europe to meet for the first time his new daughter,
Julia, who was born last weekend while he was racing for Honda in the 8 Hours
race at Suzuka in Japan.

And the Alicante-based rider is heading for a circuit he knows well as the World
Superbikes Championship series heads to Jerez in Spain on September 18-20.

Smith, now seventh in the Supersport standings, said: "It was a very lonely
race, but I am happy with the result.

"It was a new track for me, we had one session which was wet and we've struggled
a little for pace.

"We also had some problems with tyres in qualifying which didn't help us find
the pace, but at least the grip and tyre wear were consistent in the race, so
that was positive.

"To finish fifth in the race was a solid result that was needed by me and the
whole team after a couple of DNFs - so I'm happy to go into a summer break with
that."

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBHDE


                         Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              548 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                Cumbernauld News

                             June 18, 2015 Thursday

Success for RCCK in first race season

LENGTH: 423  words


Local cycling Club RC Cumbernauld & Kilsyth (RCCK) are enjoying a successful
first season on the Scottish race circuit with two podium places in recent
weeks.

Firstly Cumbernauld rider Graeme Scott took third overall in a four-race series
at Ingliston.

During this series RCCK was also placed in three of the individual races with
Michael Lavery getting a second place in the last event.

This popular event attracts racers from all over Central Scotland and Fife on a
closed circuit at Ingliston Showground.

Then Jen Mason and Lindsay Branston raced the Squirrel Crit in Dunfermline on a
closed circuit around the town. They were in the same field as Scots Eileen Roe
of Wiggle Honda Professional race team and Commonwealth Games silver medalist
Charline Joiner.

Lindsay came third and Jen fourth of the Cat 4 riders. A tremendous result
against top class opposition.

RCCK is now up to 78 Members including an increasing women's membership all of
whom have raced in open competition and has one of the highest participation
rates in races of any local club this season. This is a pleasing aspect for the
new club formed just last year.

The club is also particularly keen to hear from women cyclists who would like to
race and participate in the growing number of women's events nationwide.

With two qualified coaches RCCK is well placed to facilitate the correct
training required to compete at regional and national level.

On the domestic front RCCK's first club confined two-up time trial took place
recently around a circuit from Twechar to Queenzieburn and Kirkintilloch
returning to Twechar on the canal back road.

Over 50 members took part in this popular team event with Graeme and Michael
again proving a formidable team and taking first place with David Hodson and
Chris Barr second.

In the mixed pairs first prize went to Julie Nelson and Adrian Dow narrowly
beating Clare Kerr and David Anderson by ten seconds over the 11-mile course.

Members and guests enjoyed the prizegiving and refreshments in the Twechar
Miners' Club, who hosted the racers and provided an HQ for the event.

A more gentle pace was enjoyed mid May with a club trip to the Isle of Mull and
a ride around the north of the Island.

RCCK took part in the Crit Under the Castle on last Sunday (June 14) hosted by
Stirling Bike Club where they have 13 riders in the Cat 4 Race one. This was
quite a sight as the local boys took on the best of the regions racers in a
fast-paced circuit around Stirling town centre on closed roads.

For membership information email ride@rcck.co.uk

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SFCN


                       Copyright 2015 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              549 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                Cumbernauld News

                             June 18, 2015 Thursday

Success for RCCK in first race season

LENGTH: 423  words


Local cycling Club RC Cumbernauld & Kilsyth (RCCK) are enjoying a successful
first season on the Scottish race circuit with two podium places in recent
weeks.

Firstly Cumbernauld rider Graeme Scott took third overall in a four-race series
at Ingliston.

During this series RCCK was also placed in three of the individual races with
Michael Lavery getting a second place in the last event.

This popular event attracts racers from all over Central Scotland and Fife on a
closed circuit at Ingliston Showground.

Then Jen Mason and Lindsay Branston raced the Squirrel Crit in Dunfermline on a
closed circuit around the town. They were in the same field as Scots Eileen Roe
of Wiggle Honda Professional race team and Commonwealth Games silver medalist
Charline Joiner.

Lindsay came third and Jen fourth of the Cat 4 riders. A tremendous result
against top class opposition.

RCCK is now up to 78 Members including an increasing women's membership all of
whom have raced in open competition and has one of the highest participation
rates in races of any local club this season. This is a pleasing aspect for the
new club formed just last year.

The club is also particularly keen to hear from women cyclists who would like to
race and participate in the growing number of women's events nationwide.

With two qualified coaches RCCK is well placed to facilitate the correct
training required to compete at regional and national level.

On the domestic front RCCK's first club confined two-up time trial took place
recently around a circuit from Twechar to Queenzieburn and Kirkintilloch
returning to Twechar on the canal back road.

Over 50 members took part in this popular team event with Graeme and Michael
again proving a formidable team and taking first place with David Hodson and
Chris Barr second.

In the mixed pairs first prize went to Julie Nelson and Adrian Dow narrowly
beating Clare Kerr and David Anderson by ten seconds over the 11-mile course.

Members and guests enjoyed the prizegiving and refreshments in the Twechar
Miners' Club, who hosted the racers and provided an HQ for the event.

A more gentle pace was enjoyed mid May with a club trip to the Isle of Mull and
a ride around the north of the Island.

RCCK took part in the Crit Under the Castle on last Sunday (June 14) hosted by
Stirling Bike Club where they have 13 riders in the Cat 4 Race one. This was
quite a sight as the local boys took on the best of the regions racers in a
fast-paced circuit around Stirling town centre on closed roads.

For membership information email ride@rcck.co.uk

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SFCN


                       Copyright 2015 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              550 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                  Oxford Mail

                             May 30, 2015 Saturday

MOTORSPORT: Bradley Smith sets strong pace ahead of Mugello qualifying

SECTION: SPORT

LENGTH: 260 words


BRADLEY Smith made a strong start with the fifth fastest time in practice ahead
of the Italian Grand Prix at Mugello yesterday.

The Forest Hill MotoGP rider has fond memories of the circuit after winning
2009's 125cc race.

Smith hit the ground running yesterday, clocking the eighth best time in the
first practice session on his Monster Yamaha Tech3 machine.

He improved it in the second session to get into the top five, ahead of teammate
Pol Espargaro, who was tenth.

The performance gave Smith, who finished sixth at Le Mans a fortnight ago,
encouragement heading into today's qualifying session.

He said: "I'm pleased with how the bike feels at this circuit, which I am a big
fan of.

"We have been fast from the word go, which is a good opening to the weekend,
especially as we have struggled here a little bit in the past.

"I was able to ride the bike exactly how I wanted to and I sampled both types of
compound for the tyres, so now we have a good indication of which direction to
head towards.

"I'm even happier as I still feel there is room for improvement as my lap was
not quite perfect.

"Overall, we're less than two tenths back from the factory Yamaha of (Jorge)
Lorenzo, so we are in a good place."

Smith was a tenth of a second ahead of Cal Crutchlow, with whom he is in a
battle to become MotoGP's top Brit.

The more experienced Honda man crashed out in France and has just a single-point
advantage over Smith after the opening five races of the season.

The Oxfordshire rider will be hoping for better than last year, when he fell
early in wet conditions.

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              551 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                Banbridge Leader

                              May 9, 2015 Saturday

Gavin sprints to another win with Dromara CC

LENGTH: 414  words


With the week starting off like it was January again ,it did not seem like the
club league would remain unscathed from the changeable weather.

Thankfully the weather was kind and even the sun made an appearance, and some
thirty cyclists gathered at Hillsborough Elim Church as Dromara CC another round
of their summer club league.

This round was a road race on the Flatfields circuit, and you would be forgiven
for thinking that the circuit was flat, given the name and all that. What nobody
tells you is that there is a long drag from the last corner to the finish, a
drag long enough to hurt the legs with a lot of pain.

There were four groups on the road with six laps to complete of the circuit, and
the timekeepers got the riders away in good time as the riders done their best
to stop the scratch group from catching them.

By the time the third lap was over everyone had been caught and those still in
the race were holding on for their lives. With what was left of scratch still
pushing the pace the next few laps saw the lead group disintegrate.

On the last lap, Gavin Magowan and Barry Van Kellett made a decisive break up
the last climb and managed to create a gap that stayed away to the finish with
Gavin sprinting to the win with Barry in second with Ronnie Smyth some 20
seconds behind in third.

Well done to all competed in the race and many thanks to the marshals and
timekeepers who helped on the night, and thanks to those who supplied the tea
and coffee after.

The next round is this Thursday night, this time a ten mile time trial starting
at the Spa Lake. Visit the club message board at www.dromaracc.co.uk or visit
the Facebook group for more information.

well done

Well done to Zak Hanna, Bernie Monaghan and Martina who competed in the Keady
Mountain Time Trial last Saturday.

The event, held for the first time by Orchard Wheelers, saw a high-quality field
in attendance with Zak taking an excellent tenth place, along with being second
A3 and first Under 23 rider as well. Martina took a brilliant second in the
womens' race with Bernie fourth in the same category.

hugo loughran gp

On Friday night past Island Wheelers hosted the Hugo Loughran GP in Eglish
outside Dungannon. Dromara CC had Zak Hanna, James Mackin and Stephen Irvine
travel to compete in the two races on offer.

Zak rode in the A3 race which was forty miles and finished in the bunch after a
fast race with James and Stephen both finishing in the bunch in the A4 race,
held over the same distance.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: INBL


                       Copyright 2015 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              552 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                 Dromore Leader

                              May 9, 2015 Saturday

Gavin sprints to another win with Dromara CC

LENGTH: 414  words


With the week starting off like it was January again ,it did not seem like the
club league would remain unscathed from the changeable weather.

Thankfully the weather was kind and even the sun made an appearance, and some
thirty cyclists gathered at Hillsborough Elim Church as Dromara CC another round
of their summer club league.

This round was a road race on the Flatfields circuit, and you would be forgiven
for thinking that the circuit was flat, given the name and all that. What nobody
tells you is that there is a long drag from the last corner to the finish, a
drag long enough to hurt the legs with a lot of pain.

There were four groups on the road with six laps to complete of the circuit, and
the timekeepers got the riders away in good time as the riders done their best
to stop the scratch group from catching them.

By the time the third lap was over everyone had been caught and those still in
the race were holding on for their lives. With what was left of scratch still
pushing the pace the next few laps saw the lead group disintegrate.

On the last lap, Gavin Magowan and Barry Van Kellett made a decisive break up
the last climb and managed to create a gap that stayed away to the finish with
Gavin sprinting to the win with Barry in second with Ronnie Smyth some 20
seconds behind in third.

Well done to all competed in the race and many thanks to the marshals and
timekeepers who helped on the night, and thanks to those who supplied the tea
and coffee after.

The next round is this Thursday night, this time a ten mile time trial starting
at the Spa Lake. Visit the club message board at www.dromaracc.co.uk or visit
the Facebook group for more information.

well done

Well done to Zak Hanna, Bernie Monaghan and Martina who competed in the Keady
Mountain Time Trial last Saturday.

The event, held for the first time by Orchard Wheelers, saw a high-quality field
in attendance with Zak taking an excellent tenth place, along with being second
A3 and first Under 23 rider as well. Martina took a brilliant second in the
womens' race with Bernie fourth in the same category.

hugo loughran gp

On Friday night past Island Wheelers hosted the Hugo Loughran GP in Eglish
outside Dungannon. Dromara CC had Zak Hanna, James Mackin and Stephen Irvine
travel to compete in the two races on offer.

Zak rode in the A3 race which was forty miles and finished in the bunch after a
fast race with James and Stephen both finishing in the bunch in the A4 race,
held over the same distance.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: INDL


                       Copyright 2015 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              553 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                  News Letter

                               May 3, 2015 Sunday

cycling

LENGTH: 435  words


After Saturday's dramatic postponement the AmberGreen Energy Tour of Ulster was
in full swing on Sunday with 123 riders competing in the gruelling 92.3 mile
race from Newry to Cookstown.

Edward Laverack (Cheshire JLT Condor) battled hard to win the Homecare
Independent Living sponsored stage 3 of the AmberGreen Energy Tour of Ulster
which finished on Cookstown Main Street.

The race, which took approximately 3hr 30mins, saw Laverack take first position
followed by Mark Dowling from team DID Dunboyne in second place with Eoin Morton
of UCD in third position, who is the new race leader for today's circuit race
around Cookstown.

Organiser Garry Nugent, of BGN Management, said yesterday's race was on schedule
with riders enjoying the milder warmer weather compared to Saturday's hail,
sleet and snow.

Hee said: "The weather was a welcome relief for the riders who found themselves
cycling into harsh conditions during stage two.

"But stage 3 presented its own challenges with a tough enough ride up through
the mountains in Keady.

"We saw many cyclists dropping off after 16 miles in but generally the pace was
kept up the whole way.

"It's a challenging race and now the guys can let their bodies recover ahead of
the circuit challenge."

Presenting on behalf of stage sponsor Homecare Independent Living was Charmaine
Hamilton.

She said: "The momentum for the Tour of Ulster this year is phenomenal and so we
are delighted to be involved. These riders are top class athletes so it's a
pleasure for Homecare to be associated with the Tour of Ulster."

Large crowds are expected in Cookstown today (MON) for the stage four circuit
race, sponsored by Saltmarine Cars.

The circuit will take cyclists through William Street, Orritor Road, Tulnacross
Road, Flo Road, Omagh Road, Tullagh Road, Fairhill Road, James Street, William
Street and back into Cookstown main street for a family fun day and podium
presentations.

Neil O'Brien, chairman of AmberGreen Energy, the event partner, said: "The race
so far has been amazing and today (MON) will be no exception. Mid Ulster Council
are hosting a fun day for all of the family and so, that, combined with the fact
that Ireland's longest established cycling race is in the town, Cookstown is the
place to be on this Bank Holiday Monday.

"Having so many elite cyclists from across the globe here in Mid Ulster is
fantastic for the local economy, creates a great buzz in the community and has
given us all a fantastic display of racing all weekend."

Live action from the race will be published on Twitter @AGE TourofUlster and on
Facebook during the course of the four stages.

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: INNL


                       Copyright 2015 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              554 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                  Tyrone Times

                               May 3, 2015 Sunday

Watch: Tour of Ulster cycle race arrives in Cookstown

LENGTH: 459  words


After Saturday's dramatic postponement the AmberGreen Energy Tour of Ulster was
in full swing on Sunday with 123 riders competing in the gruelling 92.3 mile
race from Newry to Cookstown.

Edward Laverack (Cheshire JLT Condor) fought the battle hard to win the Homecare
Independent Living sponsored stage 3 of the AmberGreen Energy Tour of Ulster
which finished on Cookstown Main Street.

The race, which took approximately 3hr30mins, saw Laverack take first position
followed by Mark Dowling from team DID Dunboyne in second place with Eoin Morton
of UCD in third position, who is the new race leader for today's (MON) circuit
race around Cookstown.

Organiser Garry Nugent, of BGN Management, said yesterday's race was on schedule
with riders enjoying the milder warmer weather compared to Saturday's hail,
sleet and snow.

Speaking after Sunday's podium presentations, he said: "The weather was a
welcome relief for the riders who found themselves cycling into harsh conditions
during stage two. But stage 3 presented its own challenges with a tough enough
ride up through the mountains in Keady. We saw many cyclists dropping off after
16 miles in but generally the pace was kept up the whole way and we finished in
Cookstown on schedule.

"It's great to see the guys on the podium because it's a challenging race and
now they can let their bodies recover ahead of the circuit challenge."

Presenting on behalf of stage sponsor Homecare Independent Living was Charmaine
Hamilton.

She said: "The momentum for the Tour of Ulster this year is phenomenal and so we
are delighted to be involved. These riders are top class athletes so it's a
pleasure for Homecare to be associated with the Tour of Ulster."

Large crowds are expected in Cookstown today (MON) for the stage four circuit
race, sponsored by Saltmarine Cars.

The circuit will take cyclists through William Street, Orritor Road, Tulnacross
Road, Flo Road, Omagh Road, Tullagh Road, Fairhill Road, James Street, William
Street and back into Cookstown main street for a family fun day and podium
presentations.

Neil O'Brien, chairman of AmberGreen Energy, the event partner, said: "The race
so far has been amazing and today (MON) will be no exception. Mid Ulster Council
are hosting a fun day for all of the family and so, that, combined with the fact
that Ireland's longest established cycling race is in the town, Cookstown is the
place to be on this Bank Holiday Monday.

"Having so many elite cyclists from across the globe here in Mid Ulster is
fantastic for the local economy, creates a great buzz in the community and has
given us all a fantastic display of racing all weekend."

Live action from the race will be published on Twitter @AGE TourofUlster and on
Facebook during the course of the four stages.

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: INTT


                       Copyright 2015 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              555 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                  Sunday Life

                                 April 19, 2015
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

COOKIN' ON GAS;
Expectation builds as oldest road race nears

BYLINE: Roy Harris

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 43

LENGTH: 507 words


By Roy Harris THE KDM Hire Cookstown 100 next weekend is traditionally the
opening meeting of the Irish road race season.

Irish road race season. The event attracts many leading riders and teams to the
2.1-mile Orritor Circuit on the outskirts of the County Tyrone town that once
had the widest main street in Ireland - used for racing in one of the event's
nine different circuit configurations in its 93-year history.

In fact, since the demise of the Temple 100 in 1999, the Cookstown 100 is
currently the oldest road race in Ireland - it first ran in 1922. The current
circuit, first used in 2000, may be short but it is still a test for man and
machine around the narrow, bumpy 'B' roads.

A huge entry means that the race programme needs 17 races to cater for the
competitors chasing a £10,000 prize fund - but mainly itching to blow off the
winter cobwebs as they begin another season of what is for the majority their
"hobby".

WHO TO KEEP AN EYE ON: Being the first race of the Irish season, the Cookstown
entry resembles a "mini-international" spearheaded by the Moneymore-based Tyco
BMW team of TV star Guy Martin. The line-up also includes William Dunlop;
Mar-Train Yamaha pilot Dean Harrison; Jamie Hamilton riding the Cookstown BE
machines; Stephen Thompson on his www.Penz13.com BMW; Conor Behan, James Cowton,
the defending Duke Road Race Rankings champion; Derek Sheils, now riding under
the Bike Bits NI banner; and Derek McGee, the new Wilson Craig Honda rider.

The international flavour comes in the form of Sandor Bitter from Hungary;
Michel Dokoupil from the Czech Republic; and Michael Hoffman from Holland.

Marie Costello MBE brings the female touch to the proceeding.

WHERE TO WATCH: The nature of the circuit makes viewing difficult, so the best
bet is to get there early and take advantage of the grandstands - the one at the
final corner giving a good view of the final bend and the long straight away
from the start.

Also good is Gortin Corner, a 90 degree right-hand bend where the riders are
hard on the brakes from 150/160mph down to 40mph with short circuit-style
trail-braking with the back end of the machines skittering from side to side
sometimes two or three abreast. It is a favourite passing spot and also a
favourite place for running in too fast and losing time. Many a race has been
won or lost here.

The most spectacular section is the Blacks Jump section where riders aviate the
front wheel at the farm - a photographer's hot spot - but there is very limited
viewing.

The start and finish at Braeside is popular with many as the pre-race buildup
and post-race interviews keep the momentum of the day going.

RACE DETAILS: Roads close on Friday, April 24, at 12 midday for practice and
qualifying for grid positions, then on race day Saturday roads close at 10am
ahead of the 10.30am start for the 200cc-400cc Irish Championship Support race
with the big guns out in race three, the Open 'A'.

Further details can be found at www.cookstown100.com Twitter: @cookstown100
Facebook: www.facebook.com/groups/cookstown100

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: IN ACTION: Jamie Hamilton takes a bendLEADING THE CHARGE: William
Dunlop onboard his Supersport 600 at Cookstown last year

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BSL


                           Copyright 2015 Sunday Life
                              All Rights Reserved


                              556 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                         Drogheda Independent (Ireland)

                                 April 8, 2015
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Stamullen geared up for a feast of top-class cycling;
CYCLING

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 64

LENGTH: 1060 words


THE roads of East Meath will come alive next weekend as Stamullen M Donnelly
Road Club promote their annual cycle races around the region.

There will be a few major changes to the race formats which came about through
no fault of the club but with co-operation and assistance from a huge amount of
volunteers both from the local community, neighbouring clubs' and supporters
from all over the country, it is hoped that a very safe and successful day's
racing will take place.

St. Patrick's GFC have very kindly agreed to close down their Sports Complex for
the duration of the races.

The first change of the weekend's racing will come about on Saturday morning
when the entire show moves up to Ardcath to promote the Pat Howard Memorial Cup
race.

People may well know that the late Pat Howard (Dad of club chairman, Gay) came
from the Ardcath area and now rests in the local cemetery beside where this race
will be taking place. So, this will be a fitting tribute to a great clubman.

At this point it is important to acknowledge the wonderful help and assistance
given to the club by all of the people of Ardcath, especially the Andrews
families and the local Well Oiled Wheelers club with thanks also going to the
proprietors of Bennett's Pub.

Underage races will depart the start line at Ardcath National School at 11:00am
and will race over a local 9km circuit. Here there will be races for the Under
12, Under 14 and Under 16 categories.

Then immediately following will be the combined Senior A1-A2, A3, A4 race which
will be held on a handicap basis. These races are being kindly sponsored by both
Paul Slane of Slane Cycles in Belfast, and also by a very close friend of the
late Pat Howard.

Riders will complete (6) laps of the same 9km circuit which will start at 12:00
noon and travel left-handed past the St. Vincent's GFC, taking second left down
Cloghan road, on to Curraghwalls, (3) road of Fennor taking a final left turn
back to Ardcath. All races will finish at the National School.

Trying to match up a likely winner on this totally new circuit could prove
difficult, but if Cork man Paidi 0'Brien who, over last weekend at Ras Mumhan
took victory in the opening two stages, and who earlier declared his intention
to compete in the Stamullen weekend of races, travels, then he could well be in
the mix for victory in Ardcath.

Then on Sunday it will be the Stamullen GP cycle races for the Joey Whyte
Memorial Cup, Patrick Kennedy Memorial Cup, Jimmy Gough Memorial Cup and the
SafeLink Shield, all of whom are being sponsored by a loyal team of sponsors,
Brendan Whyte, Austin Walsh of Quay Cycles, Drogheda, John Hughes of SafeLink,
Flo Gas, Peter Sullivan from Peleus Steel in Duleek and a new very welcome
sponsor on board, Dee Barbers from the Village. Other sponsors asked to remain
unanimous but we wish to acknowledge their generosity.

The race H/Q will be located at Gormanston College, with the sign-on opening at
10' o clock and it is from here that all races will depart at 12:30 in race
formation.

The first race to leave the start line in Gormanston will be the Senior A1-A2
race, which this year has been designated a Cycling Ireland National Series
event, giving a certain prestige to the event and a vote of confidence from
Cycling Ireland in the clubs' ability to promote a top class race.

This is where the riders will encounter the major alteration to the race circuit
that had been used by the club for decades.

The altered route will take the riders through Stamullen village, Clinstown,
Gilligans Cross, straight to Greenanstown, Cromwell Cross, Fennor, turning right
at the (4) roads of Fennor, right turn up the Carnes road, Bellewstown,
Raholland Crossroads, straight to Lisdornan, right turn over Cabin road to
Claristown crossroads and a final right turn over Balloy road, Cock Hill road,
down past St. Patrick's GFC, and back into Stamullen village. The Senior A1-A2
race will complete (5) laps of this circuit before finishing (as all races will)
in the centre of Stamullen village.

The following Senior A3 race will complete (3) laps, Senior A4 race (2) laps,
Under 16 race (1) lap, Under 14 (10km) and the Under 12 race will be a short
race from Gormanston to Stamullen village.

Just like the new circuit being used the previous day at Ardcath, predicting a
winner in any of the above races would be a job for a 'clairvoyant' because of
the fact that this particular race circuit has never been used before but all
prerace opinions indicate that it is a challenging course best suited to the
strong men..

However, if you were a betting person, the young talented Sean McKenna from the
ASEA team would be the safest bet because at the time of going to print he is
the current holder of the yellow jersey of race leader in the 4-day Ras Mumhan
in Kerry, not to mention his many victories since the opening of the 2015
cycling season. Swords cyclist Eoin Morton who competes with the UCD squad is
another rider who could well be in contention on Sunday and it would be nice to
see the Joey Whyte Memorial cup staying close by in the safe hands of Morton.

It has become evident since the start of the season that the strong teams that
formed over the winter month's, attracting the very best riders from their
respective clubs' have created a situation whereby it is almost impossible for
the smaller clubs' to produce winners.

Teams like ASEA, UCD, AQUA BLUE to name but a few, are outstandingly strong and
have between them harnessed possibly the very best riders in the sport and this
practice has paid off handsomely because without question between them they have
won the lion's share of the races so far this season. There is nothing at all
wrong with this practice and it seems to be the way forward but in saying this,
it can lead to established clubs being left bereft of their best riders.

Over the weekend traffic delays may occur in the vicinity of the races but will
be kept to an absolute minimum.

The Civil Defence and a whole host of Stewards will be on duty to see the races
pass safely through the area and the club requests that the people living in the
vicinity of next weekends races assist by keeping the race route as safe as
possible, free from roaming dogs or anything else that might cause an
obstruction, most particularly around the race finish area in Stamullen village.
All races should be complete by 3:40pm.

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DHI


             Copyright 2015 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              557 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                 The Irish News

                            March 21, 2015 Saturday

Sport - Sports Shorts

SECTION: Pg. 67

LENGTH: 282 words


Motorcycling

Larne rider Jonathon Rea goes into tomorrow's debut Thailand round of the World
Superbike Championships with an eager ambition to continue the form shown in his
fantastic opening round in Australia writes Willis Marshall.

The Kawasaki Team rider scored a win and a second place finish to jointly lead
the 2015 series after round one and as Thailand is a new venue for the WSBK
series, Rea believes that everyone is on an even par, and that is just what the
County Antrim rider wants.

For Rea another two podiums are the aim after a dream debut on the Ninja ZX-10R.

The Chang International Circuit is the first ever WSB venue in Thailand, with no
prior testing there for the regular teams. At 4.554km long the circuit is flat
and features mostly slower corners, but with two fast straights followed by
tighter turns there should be overtaking opportunities to exploit.

"To be honest we had a much better start in Australia then we imagined," said
Rea.

"I know we were quite reserved with targets at Phillip Island as it had not been
a circuit that has favoured the bike but we managed the set-up quite well. I was
surprised with our pace. "All week we had been having some problems but on
raceday we had a package to ride a strong 22 laps each time. That really
impressed me. In the end I had a bike that I was really happy with.

"That gives me a little extra confidence now and because things are still
reasonably fresh for me, to have that feeling is good.

"I have been in Thailand for a while and I always had a plan to come out for a
week before the race. We never got to go on a family holiday last year so we are
taking a few days here to re-charge the batteries ready for round two."

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 The Irish News Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              558 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                             Murray Valley Standard

                           February 12, 2015 Thursday

Round House BMXers go back to daily grind

BYLINE: Peri Strathearn

SECTION: EARLY GENERAL NEWS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 335 words


THE good times appear over for the BMXers who built an unofficial circuit on
government-owned land near Murray Bridge's Round House.

The rails, ramps and quarter-pipe they built without permission will be
demolished as soon as today after Murray Bridge councillors - who had won a
delay of several days from disapproving Department of Planning, Transport and
Infrastructure staff - decided they could not defend the illegal development.

The council will now work with the BMX riders to develop a new spot or refit the
official skate park at Sturt Reserve.

At the council's meeting on Monday night, contracts manager Malcolm Downie said
everything BMX riders needed was available at the $500,000 facility at Sturt
Reserve.

If the council took control of the BMX spot, he said, it would have to be made
available to everyone, including children for whom the grinds and jumps would be
too risky.

"The equipment there is not safe - there are open pipes and pipes sticking out
of the ground," he said.

"Sturt Reserve is built to the Australian standard and there is proper signage,
lighting and surveillance.

"Steven (Shires) is articulate and managed to capture your attention for some
hours, but the bottom line is our insurers won't insure this (BMX spot) unless
we bring it to the standard of Sturt Reserve."

Councillor Tyson Matthews conceded nothing could be done to save the park.

"At the end of the day ... it still carries some serious risk," he said.

"Our hands are tied."

Only Cr Airlie Keen voted against allowing the circuit to be demolished.

"This kind of unstructured recreation for youth is healthy and it's a good
reflection on our community that there are lads down there supporting each other
in an environment that's pretty harmless," she said.

The department had demanded the park be destroyed as it left the State
Government at risk of being sued for any injury suffered there.

The BMX riders had built the circuit themselves, using materials they provided,
but without permission and on land they did not own.

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2015 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              559 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                               Isle of Man Today

                            October 31, 2014 Friday

Jonathan Rea at World Superbike finale in Qatar

LENGTH: 285  words


Castletown-based World Superbike rider Jonathan Rea will be contesting the
floodlit finale to the series at the Losail International Circuit in Qatar this
weekend

The overall title is out of reach of the Pata Honda rider but there is plenty to
fight for in the last two races of a truncated championship season.

Ulsterman Rea, 27, is still battling for a top-three finish in the points
standings and currently sits in fourth place, 11 points behind Italian rider
Marco Melandri with a maximum of 50 points up for grabs in Sunday's two 17-lap
races.

This season's climax at the 5.38km Losail International Circuit, just outside
capital city Doha, marks a return to Qatar for the World Superbike championship
for the first time since 2009.

Sunday's two races will also be the first World Superbike encounters to take
place under floodlights, starting at 4pm and 7pm respectively (GMT).

I'm really looking forward to racing in Losail again for a variety of reasons,'
said Jonathan, this week.

I've done a couple of new model launches there for Honda and I really like the
circuit layout; it'll also be the first time I've raced at night.

I think the visibility will be quite high, especially compared to riding in the
dark like I've done at Suzuka in the eight-hour race.

The biggest challenge is going to be the schedule and working out the best time
for food intake and other things in order to perform physically late at night
instead of during the day.

It's the last round of the championship but the plan is still quite
straightforward.

The CBR has been quite competitive at the last few rounds so we'll try to get a
good base setting again on Friday and aim to finish the season on a high in this
desert challenge.'

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WCOI


                       Copyright 2014 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              560 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                            Exeter Express and Echo

                             July 10, 2014 Thursday

SECTION: SPORT:OTHER; Pg. 72

LENGTH: 136  words


EXETER cyclist Andrew Feather was forced to retire after a strong start in the
National Road Race in Abergavenny.

Cramp forced Feather out on the finishing circuit, after having firmly
established himself in the chasing group to the leaders on the initial 70-mile
loop.

The chasing group of 15 riders included the likes of Geraint Thomas and David
Millar.

"I did three laps of the finishing circuit in Abergavenny, which was a great
experience with about 20,000 to 30,000 people watching," said Feather.

"Even though I didn't finish, I was pleased to make it onto the finishing
circuit. Only about 30 riders of the 160 starters managed that because of the
strict time cut-offs. Only 19 riders finished in the end."

Feather's next competitive race will be the Premier Calendar Ryedale Grand Prix
in Northumberland on July 20.

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2014 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved


                              561 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                  Larne Times

                              July 6, 2014 Sunday

Rea takes victory at Portimao

LENGTH: 186  words


Jonathan Rea took victory in a shortened, wet second race in round eight of the
2014 World Superbike championship at Portimao on Sunday.

His win and fifth place in race one closes the gap to within one point of Loris
Baz in third.

The 27-year-old East Antrim rider was never headed in the race, which was
reduced from a scheduled 20 to 18 laps after rain fell on the 4.592km circuit.

The win marked Rea's eighth podium at Portimao in the seven years that SBK has
been visiting the circuit, but it was his first victory here.

Said Rea: "When I heard the rain on my motorhome roof as I watched a bit of the
Tour de France ahead of race two, I started getting a little bit giddy and
singing as I was getting changed! I knew that it was a chance for me."

He added: "The track had started to dry out a bit and we were really suffering
with corner exit but, although the conditions were a great leveler for all
riders, it's nice to take a win. I'd prefer to take it in the dry and we can't
get too excited because it's a wet win; but we'll take them any way we can and
it's 25 points not just for me but for the whole team."

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: INLT


                       Copyright 2014 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              562 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                               Newtownabbey Times

                              July 6, 2014 Sunday

Rea takes victory at Portimao

LENGTH: 186  words


Jonathan Rea took victory in a shortened, wet second race in round eight of the
2014 World Superbike championship at Portimao on Sunday.

His win and fifth place in race one closes the gap to within one point of Loris
Baz in third.

The 27-year-old East Antrim rider was never headed in the race, which was
reduced from a scheduled 20 to 18 laps after rain fell on the 4.592km circuit.

The win marked Rea's eighth podium at Portimao in the seven years that SBK has
been visiting the circuit, but it was his first victory here.

Said Rea: "When I heard the rain on my motorhome roof as I watched a bit of the
Tour de France ahead of race two, I started getting a little bit giddy and
singing as I was getting changed! I knew that it was a chance for me."

He added: "The track had started to dry out a bit and we were really suffering
with corner exit but, although the conditions were a great leveler for all
riders, it's nice to take a win. I'd prefer to take it in the dry and we can't
get too excited because it's a wet win; but we'll take them any way we can and
it's 25 points not just for me but for the whole team."

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: INNT


                       Copyright 2014 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              563 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                               Lincolnshire Echo

                              May 1, 2014 Thursday

Gritty display sees Sam scythe through to eighth

SECTION: SPORT:MOTORSPORT; Pg. 85

LENGTH: 198  words


Sam Lowes clawed his way from 22nd on the grid to finish a superb eighth in the
third round of the Moto2 Championship in Argentina.

The Lincoln rider made his way through the field at the AutÃ³dromo Termas de
RÃ­o Hondo. By lap 15, Lowes was with the top 10 riders, and firmly in the
points.

With just five laps left, the reigning World Supersport champion had settled
into eighth position, where he finished the race.

The result left him in 10th place in the overall rider standings, with 18 points
in his debut Moto2 season.

"It was a hard race and a difficult weekend overall with the bike settings, but
I improved a lot in the warm-up," said Lowes.

"The race was always going to be hard, starting from 22nd, but I'm so happy to
finish eighth and to have shown we have good potential when everything is
right."

The next round of Moto2 takes place this weekend with the series heading to
Europe for the Spanish MotoGP at Jerez.

The Spanish circuit will be familiar ground for the young Brit and the first
circuit of the year he has ridden at before.

"Jerez is up next and the first circuit of the year I know so I'm excited to
race there again," added Lowes.

"Thanks to everyone for their support."

LOAD-DATE: April 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2014 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved


                              564 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                 Ilkley Gazette

                            April 10, 2014 Thursday

Ilkley's Ewan Farrow powers to victory

SECTION: SPORT

LENGTH: 357 words


Ilkley rider Ewan Farrow produced his best road race performance last Sunday by
winning the Nidderdale Classic Road Race. The 45-mile race was based around the
tough Darley circuit which is known for its severe climbs and technical
descents. Supported by a strong Ilkley team of Ben Hallworth, Rob Ormrod and Tom
Andrews, Farrow made his move early in the race.

After just ten miles covered he attacked on one of the climbs. Only one rider
could follow the move and after a further ten miles Farrow had powered away on
his own.

A small chasing group established soon after with Hallworth covering this group,
whilst Ormrod and Andrews policed the remains of the bunch.

Despite the chasing group's effort, Farrow rode strongly in the difficult
conditions and had a good lead when taking the bell for the last lap.

During the final circuit the chasers closed the gap but Farrow was never in
danger of losing his lead and claimed victory in fine style.

Hallworth sprinted in to take third, just being pipped on the line for second.
Ormrod and Andrews both finished strongly in the bunch.

Nina Benson made it a double winning weekend for Ilkley by leading the Ladies
category at the Circuit of the Dales Classic Hilly time trial. Riders completed
a 50-mile loop starting from Ingleton.

Benson, in her first racing season, moved up a gear from recent weeks to lead
the ladies home in 2:46:56.

Doug Hart took a fine 16th place in the overall standings in a time of 2:17:09,
following some very solid rides by Hart in recent weeks. Dave Leckenby recorded
2:33:08 for 54th place overall. Several other Ilkley riders were also in action
last weekend.

Dave Kinloch competed in the latest round of the Rudy Project National Time
Trials Series which was run over a 23-mile circuit near Stratford. Kinloch
clocked a creditable time of 51:40 to take sixth place in the veterans'
standings. Ged Millward and Paul Di Mambro competed in the Yorkshire VTT 10 mile
time trial near Hull on Saturday.

For the second week in a row Di Mambro recorded a personal best when he finished
in 22:34. Millward finished with a 21:19 in much windier conditions than the
previous week.

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              565 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                         Drogheda Independent (Ireland)

                                 April 2, 2014
                                   Edition 3;
                                National Edition

Plenty of events to keep you pedalling;
Busy week for Drogheda Wheelers

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 52

LENGTH: 639 words


NEXT WEEKEND will see Drogheda Wheelers Cycling Club take on the arduous task of
promoting three major cycle race events at Cooperhill, Donore and Shallon.

The Ras NaNog 2-day, 3-stage race for the younger brigade will commence on
Saturday at 11am with a short circuit race at Shallon. In the afternoon, stage 2
will get under way at 3pm and this time it will be a race over the 6.4km Donore
circuit.

The final stage of Ras Na Nog will be held on Sunday at 10.30am and riders will
race over the 8km Kilsharvan circuit. This event, as the name suggests, will
cater for age groups from Under 12 to Under 16 and results will be compiled on a
points system.

Later on Saturday at 5pm the Peter Bidwell Memorial will come under starter's
orders at Newtown/Plattin. This will be a handicap race for all senior
categories and riders will complete eight laps of the 6.4km Donore circuit. Last
year's winner Colin Robinson from Stamullen M Donnelly Road Club has already
declared his intentions to compete and try and reclaim the coveted Peter Bidwell
Memorial Cup. The late Peter was the former chairman of Drogheda Wheelers who
passed away at a relatively young age.

The final event of the weekend will be the Coombes Connor Memorial races for all
senior riders. Here the first race to depart the start line at Kilsharvan at 1pm
will be the A1-A2 riders who will complete nine laps of Kilsharvan (on the
Julianstown to Duleek road), Cooperhill, Beamore, Duleek, turning left past the
cemetery and back to the start point. The Senior A3 and Junior (U-18) riders
will complete six laps and the Senior A4 will race over five laps of the same
circuit.

Like any cycling event, sponsorship is so important to promoting cycle races and
Drogheda Wheelers would very much like to recognise and thank generous sponsors
Gerry Cummiskey VW Commercials and Bracken Autobodies. The club also
acknowledges and thank Cycling Ireland and Cycling Leinster for financial
assistance.

Last weekend Balbriggan Cycling Club very successfully promoted two major cycle
races, the Harry Reynolds Memorial at the Man O War and the Ben McKenna and Jim
Jazzer Wherity Memorial Races at Hollywood.

The Harry Reynolds Memorial Race was held over six laps of a local circuit,
totalled 52.6km in distance and was held on a short handicap basis. The lead
changed with each passing lap, and on the uphill sprint to the finish line
Anthony Doyle from the Velo Revolution team outclassed Julianstown native Javan
Nulty from DID Dunboyne, with 17-year-old Mark Downey from the Nicolas Roche
Performance team in third.

In the Senior A3 category Daragh Campbell from Drogheda - a member of the Novo
Nordisk team in the USA - finished second.

In the Ben McKenna and Jim Jazzer Wherity Memorial Races, a huge number of
cyclists lined up to compete in the various category races.

The Senior A1-A2 race set off to complete seven laps of a tough circuit and
covered a total distance of 135km. At the half way stage, a three-man group went
clear, comprising Greg Swinand and Eoin Morton, both members of the UCD club,
and the aforementioned Javan Nulty. These riders worked well together and opened
up a gap of two minutes.

But on the ascent of the Hollywood climb prior to going out on the final lap
Nulty dropped off the pace, and his breakaway companions went on to fight out
the top two placings on the very steep uphill climb to the finish, with Morton
taking the victory from Swinand and Nulty in fifth place.

There was consolation for Nulty as, by his sheer aggression throughout the
entire race, he picked up the Combativity Award and was presented with the
Patrick Rowe Memorial Trophy.

In the Senior A4 race for the Jim Jazzer Wherity Memorial Cup, Stamullen M
Donnelly rider Aurelivcz Klus picked up eighth prize, which was a very good
achievement considering this was only his second race ever.

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: ¦ Drogheda Wheelers' Ciaran Campbell at the Harry Reynolds Memorial
Races.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DHI


             Copyright 2014 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              566 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          Bradford Telegraph and Argus

                            March 29, 2014 Saturday

Ilkley hopes to follow Otley by having major cycle event days before Grand
Depart

BYLINE: Amanda Greaves

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 341 words


Ilkley is to get its own nationally-recognised town centre cycle races to be
held only days before the Tour de France this summer.

Ilkley Cycling Club is holding the evening of town centres cycle races on
Tuesday, July 1 - before the Grand Depart of the Tour de France passes through
the town on Saturday, July 5.

The club hopes the event will add to the atmosphere that Ilkley Parish Council,
Ilkley Business Forum and other partners are aiming to create to realise the
benefits of the Grand Depart for local residents, businesses and visitors to
Ilkley, before, during and after the weekend of July 5 and 6. There will be
races, catering for youth riders as well as the region's top male and female
riders, with up to 60 riders in each race.

Many in Ilkley will be familiar with the successful and Otley town centre races,
which provide great sporting drama.

Professional cyclists Lizzie Armitstead, of Otley, and Scott Thwaites, of
Burley-in-Wharfedale, cut their teeth at the Otley races.

Ilkley Cycling Club says holding town centre races in Ilkley gives riders
another chance to race in front of a home crowd - and may inspire them to
emulate their illustrious neighbours.

In common with the Otley races, to stage the event safely it will be necessary
to suspend temporarily on-street parking around the circuit and close the
circuit's roads to traffic during the event.

Residents with homes on or inside the circuit will receive a letter explaining
road closures, access arrangements and parking during the evening.

Organiser Mike Firth said: "We're looking forward to a set of exciting,
atmospheric town centre races.

"Anyone who has been to the Otley event will understand the potential to create
something very special, and encourage youth participation in the sport. We
appreciate the co-operation and goodwill of residents and businesses on the
circuit in helping us stage the event for everyone in the town."

Potential competitors or sponsors, or anyone living or working on the circuit,
can contact Mr Firth at organiser@ilkleycycleraces.co.uk

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              567 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                            Belfast Telegraph Online

                      August 15, 2013 Thursday 1:09 PM GMT

Spill alert halts practice

BYLINE: By Roy Harris

SECTION: MOTOR SPORT

LENGTH: 618 words


Practice at yesterday evening's Metzeler Ulster Grand Prix had to be abandoned
with one session remaining due to a massive oil spillage between Deers Leap and
Cochranstown.

With the light fading fast the Clerk of the Course, Noel Johnston, had no option
but to call a halt to proceedings.

Earlier, Guy Martin put the Tyco Suzuki in pole position for today's Topaz
Dundrod 150 Superbike race following a tricky qualifying practice at Dundrod
yesterday when he lapped at 115.083mph, a long way off the outright lap record
of over 133mph thanks to light rain at the start of the session eventually red
flagged because of heavy rain at Wheelers Corner, the highest point of the
circuit.

Martin had a close call at the top of Deers Leap during the session when he
clipped slower rider Dan Cooper, ripping one side of the fairing off the Tyco
Suzuki and bending a disc and gear lever plus taking the exhaust off Cooper's
Centurion Honda, both lucky to stay on board.

Out on a slick tyre, Martin was 2.3secs faster than the Milwaukee Yamaha of
William Dunlop with the circuit lap record holder, Bruce Anstey, a further
2.3secs back in third, both on slicks.

Michael Dunlop, again with a dry tyre fitted, completed the front row with a lap
of 111.988mph on the TT Legends Honda, five seconds clear of fifth fastest rider
Ian Lougher, riding in what will be his final Metzeler Ulster Grand Prix come
Saturday.

One of the pre-race favourites for a podium finish, Dean Harrison from Bradford,
only managed four very slow laps due to machine problems with his R C Express
Kawasaki and is set to start from the second group of riders in this afternoon's
race. The Metzeler Ulster Grand Prix supersport was a thrilling session; top
spot changing hands constantly with Anstey the early pace setter before the
circuit's fastest newcomer from last year, Dean Harrison,took over at the head
of affairs.

Speeds increased lap by lap before on his seventh and final circuit William
Dunlop took provisional pole with a lap of 115.161mph five one hundredths ahead
of brother Michael at 115.135mph, the pair over a second-and-a-half clear of
Martin, who was dicing with William Dunlop on the road.

Harrison eventually dropped to fourth ahead of Australian Cameron Donald as
Anstey completed the top six.

William Dunlop was fastest through the speed trap at 172mph, the only supersport
rider to top the 170mph mark.

William said: "The wee bike was flying and I know it's the quickest machine in
the class."

Timed practice had got underway with the Dundrod National and Challenge
30-minute dry session in which Alan Bonner from Stanmullen, Co Meath, took his
1000cc Honda around the 7.4mile circuit at 125.614mph, almost 11 seconds faster
than English visitor Ivan Lintin on a 600cc Kawasaki with local man Gareth Keys
(1000cc BMW) a further six tenths back in third.

In the mixed session for ultra lightweight and lightweight machines, Jamie
Hamilton riding the KMR Kawasaki powered by Vauxhall Dealers NI was
three-and-a-half seconds ahead of Ivan Lintin with Lee Johnston third and Gary
Johnson fourth.

Former British 125cc champion Christian Elkin was the fastest of the ultra
lightweight machines and the only one over 100mph with Ian Lougher some eleven
seconds back in second ahead of William Cowden and Sam Wilson.

This session was red flagged after two riders, Kevin Strowger and Dave Walsh,
collided on the high-speed run between Jordans Cross and Wheelers.

Strowger returned to the paddock unhurt while Walsh was taken to hospital with
non-life threatening injuries.

Practice continues this morning with roads closing from 10.30am. The Topaz
Dundrod 150 programme of races is scheduled to commence at 2.30pm, with roads
re-opening at 8.30pm.

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBBELT


           Copyright 2013 Independent News & Media (Northern Ireland)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              568 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Journal

                            July 24, 2013 Wednesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Chrissy continuing to lead the charge;
Rouse chalks up sixth win

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 63

LENGTH: 576 words


TEENAGER Chrissy Rouse remains in command of the Triumph Triple Challenge
championship after notching up his sixth win of the season and a third place at
Brands Hatch, writes ZOË BURN.

The 17-year-old from Burnopfield is now perfectly poised to keep a 29-point lead
at the top of the title chase when the scores are halved before the next race in
August.

The Emmanuel College pupil arrived at the Kent circuit with a 45-point lead over
Charlie King, and with two races over the weekend on two different
configurations of the track, he was on a mission to score two podiums and
consolidate his lead.

Friday's 15-lap opening race was held on the short Indy Circuit, the only track
which the series has already visited this year and the only one where Rouse
hasn't won.

The Stratstone Triumph Racing rider qualified second on the grid and got a
decent start, dropping down to third before moving back up to second on lap
seven.

He set off after King who was in the lead, moving to the front three laps later
and the stage was set for a five lap scrap to the finish line.

With two laps to go it was Rouse who had the lead, but King made a dive up the
inside at Druids. With no option but to let him through to avoid crashing, Rouse
dropped down to second and had hoped to make a last-gasp charge on the final
lap.

With two corners to go he was planning to make a final charge, but ran a little
bit wide on to the rumble strip. It was enough to give Dan Helyer, who was close
behind in third, the space to sneak through and take second place at the flag.

"It was a hard race but it was a really good race," said Rouse. "We had some
great battles there and I extended my championship lead from 45 points to 50
which was what I was hoping to do.

"I thought I could go for the win there on the last lap but I made a small
mistake and it was enough to let Dan get through. I'm a little bit disappointed
but I still enjoyed the race."

For Sunday's 10-lap race around the GP circuit he once again started from second
on the grid and again dropped back a few spots before passing King for third at
the end of the opening lap.

Up front pole-sitter Helyer and Spain's Aleix Aulestia were already getting
away, but the Geordie teenager caught them up within a lap.

The safety car came out to deal with an incident further back, staying out for
three laps and after the restart it took just two laps before Rouse passed two
riders in one move to take the lead at Paddock Hill.

From here he showed the pack a clean pair of heels as he stormed off in the
lead, never coming under any serious pressure.

"That was a great race and the perfect result. I was hungry for it after Friday
and enjoyed every minute of it," added Rouse.

"I love the GP circuit, I always have done and today the bike felt great and I
was really comfortable all the way. I didn't make any mistakes and I felt like I
was able to control the race.

"It was the result I wanted after finishing third on Friday. Getting the third
was a bit of a weird feeling. When it's your lowest result of the year it gives
you a bit of a wake-up call so I was really fired up for this race."

Rouse currently has 202 points which puts him a clear 59 points ahead of nearest
rival Charlie King.

Under the current series regulations, all riders will have their points totals
halved before the second half of the season which starts at the end of August,
and Rouse's solid lead means he still has a DNF in hand as he fights on to lift
the title.

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: SIXTH SUCCESS Chrissy Rouse (above and inset) notched another victory
at Brands Hatch. Main picture: Ian Hopgood

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TJN


               Copyright 2013 Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              569 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                 Yorkshire Post

                              July 8, 2013 Monday

Chance to be part of cycling championships

LENGTH: 318  words


York residents are being given the chance to be part of the Men's and Women's
British Cycling National Circuit Race Championships later this month.

York Council and British Cycling are giving a hundred lucky residents the chance
to be part of the championships.

Four Sky Ride Local rides will take local residents and families into the city
centre for a once in a lifetime cycle race experience on Sunday July 21. Riders
will be able to enjoy a gentle ride into the city and all riders will then take
part in a lap of the elite route alongside British Cycling ride leaders.

The 2013 Men's and Women's British Cycling National Circuit Race Championships
will be held in the city later this month on the day that the 100th Tour de
France draws to a close and the baton is passed to Yorkshire ahead of the Grand
Départ 2014.

Coun Sonja Crisp, the council's cabinet member for leisure, culture and tourism,
said: "This is a fantastic opportunity for residents to get involved with the
National Circuit Race Championships in York.

"I hope people will be cheering the riders along and getting a small taste of
what it will be like when Stage two of Le Grand Départ 2014 sets off from York,
this time next year," Coun Crisp added.

The four rides  begin a fantastic summer of cycling opportunities in York, with
guided rides taking place most weekends until the end of September.

Each of the National Circuit Race Championship rides will be starting from a
different location around York. These are: Askham Bar Park and Ride, starting at
1.30pm, meet near the bike parking, YO24 1LW; Rawcliffe Bar Park and Ride,
starting at 1.30pm, meet at the information building, YO30 5XZ; York Designer
Outlet Park and Ride, starting at 1.30pm, YO19 4TA and York Sport Village,
starting at 1.30pm, YO10 5FG.

For more information and to book your free place on one of these extra special
Sky Ride Local rides, visit www.goskyride.com/york

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NLYP


                       Copyright 2013 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              570 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                          Weston and Somerset Mercury

                             June 6, 2013 Thursday

James picks up a point

SECTION: SPRT

LENGTH: 187 words


WINSCOMBE motocross rider James Dodd and the TwoNineTwo Honda team competed at
Foxhills, near Swindon, for round five of the British Motocross Championship.



James set the 24th fastest qualifying time on one of the most historic motocross
circuits in the country.

Race one saw James make a good start initially, but a collision on the opening
lap saw him off the bike and restarting in last. The steep valley circuit is
notoriously fast and hard to pass on, but James showed some good speed and
determination to pick up positions as the race went on, eventually crossing the
finish in 20th place for one championship point.

Another bad opening lap in race two put James again at the back of the race and
having to force his way through from last, he put up another valiant effort in
this encounter. His efforts were in vain though as he finished in 22nd and out
of the points.

James ended the day in 23rd overall and is now 36th in the MX1 championship
which features some of the world's best riders.

Thanks go to sponsors County Flat Roofing, AT Motocross, Winscombe Fish Bar,
Factory Touch and AdeMX Photography for their support.

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WSM


                    Copyright 2013 Archant Regional Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              571 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                Boston Standard

                              May 7, 2013 Tuesday

British Supersport rider Wilson bounces back after Oulton tumble

LENGTH: 345  words


A crash during qualifying put Ben Wilson out of the sprint race at Oulton Park
on Sunday - but he bounced back to secure an amazing seventh place in the
feature race after starting from the very back of the grid in round three of the
British Supersport championship on Monday.

With the forecast for bright and sunny conditions for the remainder of the race
weekend, there was little point in taking the Gearlink Kawasaki round the
Cheshire circuit in the wet and Wilson decided to sit out the first free
practice session.

The afternoon session went well for Wilson who was the second fastest rider on
the circuit just six hundredths of a second away from Stuart Easton, and things
were looking good for qualifying on Sunday morning.

But just five laps into qualifying he took a tumble at Cascades and, although he
was ok, the bike suffered considerable damage.

With the race just a few hours away there was insufficient time to make the
repairs and Wilson was unable to contest the race.

Because he didn't set a time in the sprint race he was placed on the back row of
the grid for the feature race in 27th place on Monday, but Wilson is known for
his lightning starts.

When the lights went out he flew away to overtake half of the field in the first
half of the opening lap.

By the end of lap one he was up to 13th and settled into eighth place on lap
three.

He began to make inroads towards the group a few seconds ahead and when Glenn
Irwin crashed out at Lodge on lap nine he was elevated up to seventh place.

But as the race entered the final few laps, tyre wear came into play and Wilson
could not make up further ground.

He completed the race in a fine seventh place to pick up nine championship
points to retain his fourth place in the rider standings on 74 points.

The championship takes a break now to enable riders to contest the two big road
racing events, The North West 200 and the Isle of Man TT.

The next round is at Knockhill in Scotland over the weekend of June 14-16, when
Ben will be seeking that elusive first win of the season at one of his favourite
circuits.

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MBSP


                       Copyright 2013 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              572 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            Derby Evening Telegraph

                              May 4, 2013 Saturday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Kirkham glad to be back at crash track in bid for Superbike points

BYLINE: PAUL WATSON

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 41

LENGTH: 554 words


JON Kirkham returns to the scene of the biggest accident in his motorcycle
racing career this weekend - and he can't wait to get back on the Oulton Park
track.

The Ockbrook racer suffered concussion in a massive smash at the Cheshire
circuit this time last year. Not only was he ruled out of the meeting, he
suffered aftereffects until late in the summer. It was only then that his vision
returned to normal and he was able to achieve the kind of pace he always felt
capable of.

By then, though, he was out of the running for a place among the top six riders
who contest the final title Showdown for the British Superbike championship. But
rather than worrying about revisiting the challenging Oulton track, he views it
with optimism.

It will not be the first time the 28-year-old has been back to the venue, having
returned for the second meeting of last season.

He rates the circuit among his favourites and is glad to be going there after
the opening two rounds of the series at Brands Hatch and Thruxton, venues where
he feels less comfortable.

He said: "Considering Brands Hatch Indy and Thruxton are two of the circuits I'm
least confident at, to be fifth in the championship already is a fantastic
outcome so far.

"I had a great time in the first race at Thruxton, though the second was a bit
of a missed opportunity.

"If this is how well things go at Thruxton, I can't wait to get to Oulton and
really see what the BMW can do."

Kirkham is currently one place ahead of his team-mate, James Westmoreland. Byrne
tops the table with Derbybased Alex Lowes in a strong second place, confirming
his ranking as one of the preseason favourites.

The Samsung Honda man has not been out of the top three places so far and looks
to be well on course for a Showdown slot.

He and Byrne are the only two riders to have scored podium finishes in each of
the four races so far and he has his eyes on the top step in Monday's
double-header after an encouraging test session at Knockhill.

He said: "I can't wait for this weekend, especially after we had such a good
test at Knockhill, where we were able to make some good changes to the front
suspension, which gives me even more confidence.

"That is going to be important at a track like Oulton and we know the team and
the Honda have already been working well in the opening two rounds. When I am
happy, as I am now, I tend to ride better. "I hope that this weekend we can push
for the win but I am not thinking about that too much. If we get the job done in
practice and qualifying, then we will see what happens. "If it is on and I can
beat the other guys, then of course I will be pushing for it. I have been happy
with the season so far and we need to be consistent but a win would be a great
result."

TITLE CHASERS IN DARLEY ACTION THE third round of the Darley Moor Club
championship takes place at the Ashbourne track on Monday with a number of local
riders well placed in the various classes.

Derby's Shane Pearson, having switched to the Pre-98 class this year, leads the
way in the 1300cc category in which he has a two-point advantage over Stafford's
David Large.

Alex Woodhouse (Chesterfield) has a four-point lead in the Lightweight class,
hotly chased by Heanor's Adam Hoar and Matt Zschiesche, from Stoke, who are in
joint second position.

Woodhouse also leads the Pre-98 up to 500cc class.

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Jon Kirkham in action aboard his Buildbase BMW (above) and Alex Lowes,
who is in second place in the British Superbike championship.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DET


                     Copyright 2013 Derby Evening Telegraph
                              All Rights Reserved


                              573 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                Sunderland Echo

                            April 18, 2013 Thursday

Houghton Cycling Club are hoping to get bigger and bigger

LENGTH: 276  words


Houghton Cycling Club have had a dramatic revival in the last two years with an
influx of new members.

They have designed a new kit and also a new website to bring the club up to
date.

They meet each Friday evening at 7.30pm at Kepier Hall, behind St Michael's
Church, Houghton.

The club runs four different rides, catering for different levels of ability.

Meeting each Sunday at 9.30am and 10am at the Broadway, in Houghton, cyclists
are given a choice of which ride to go on. There are more details on the club's
website - www.houghtoncc.com

The club are hoping to gain new racing members and form an Elite squad of
riders, and eventually gain team sponsorship.

Houghton has been very lucky this year and gained sponsorship for each of the
four circuit races they are running at Gateshead College and SASMI Test Track.

The first event will be on Sunday, April 28, sponsored by North East Truck
Spares.

The programme is as follows: Regional B race for third and fourth category
riders. This will be a mass start circuit lasting 60 minutes.

National B race for Elite/first/second and third category riders. This will be a
mass start circuit race lasting 90 minutes with lap prime and overall prizes

Entries can be made online via www.houghtoncc.com, but entries will also be
accepted on the day.

The second is on Sunday, June 16 and will be sponsored by Arco, specialists in
safety equipment.

The third is on Sunday, July 4, backed by Uvex, with the fourth on Sunday,
September 8, sponsored by Vantec, a warehousing and logistics company newly
expanded on Wearside.

The club are hoping for excellent support for these events which they hope will
become annual events.

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NPSE


                       Copyright 2013 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              574 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                             Lancaster Evening Post

                             March 9, 2013 Saturday

THE BIG INTERVIEW Liam kick-starts his TT dream

LENGTH: 1791  words


With marriage to his fiancée Jennifer on the horizon and his 40th birthday not
too far away, most people would forgive Liam Weston if he started taking things
easy.

But, in actual fact, the 35-year-old Chorley man is about to step on the
accelerator - quite literally - even harder as he continues to live life in the
fast lane.

Weston has always been a motorcycle enthusiast and has owned in the region of 40
road bikes during his life.

He has also been a regular visitor to the Isle of Man's world famous TT Races
since 1994 and has marvelled at the amazing exploits of legendary biker the late
Joey Dunlop and the Morecambe Missile' John McGuinness.

But having never raced a motorbike in his life before, following in the tyre
tracks of riders like Dunlop and McGuinness and actually taking part in the TTs,
was little more than a pipe dream for Weston.

That was until his last visit to the island two years ago when, as he succinctly
puts it himself: "For some mad reason I just decided I am going to do this. I am
going to do a TT."

Holding just a novice licence and with virtually no experience of racing, apart
from a few motocross outings as a youngster, Weston decided to compete in last
year's Preston and District Cycling Club's Championship (PDCC) - with startling
success.

Held over seven meetings at the Three Sisters racing track, in Wigan, Weston won
the Rookie Championship, but more amazingly, was also crowned the outright
Formula 600cc open class champion.

It is thought he is the first man to ever achieve such a feat in PDCC's long
history.

The double victory has now given the former Parklands High School pupil the
belief that he will one day be able to hold his own if he was to enter the TTs.

His target is to race at the Manx Grand Prix - the amateur equivalent of the TTs
- next year, before tackling the main event in 2015.

"Like I say I just decided I was going to do a TT," he  said.

"I suppose it was just a tick in the box for life.

"I invested a bit of money and my first ever race was the last one of Preston's
normal season in 2011.

"I remember thinking when I was on the starting grid that it would be a long
time before I'll be close to winning any trophies.

"But I did the full season last year and - without knowing my exact results -
the worst I did was finish third.

"I did the two championships - the rookie and the open F600cc.

"The Rookie Championship is only for people in their first season and I won all
the races for that - bar two - and I came second in them.

"The F600cc is the open class championship and it's for anybody who holds up to
a national licence.

"It's for the big boys basically - for the fast lads, and I won that too.

"For a rookie to win the F600cc - it's quite an amazing thing.

"I am not too sure whether it's ever been done before, but I don't think it has.

"On the two trophies that I have got for winning both championships, I have been
looking at all the other riders and dates...I can't see it has been done before.

"One of the names on the F600cc trophy is Neil Hodgson, who is a former World
Superbikes champion.

"There are a few other lads' names on there who have raced the TTs - people like
Kev Mitchell, who is from Preston.

"So it was just a mega feeling really to win both classes.

"I remember winning my first race and being in the lead and thinking, This is a
bit mental, having nobody in front of me'.

"I was expecting to be in the middle of a group of lunatics.

"Another good thing was Preston's members voted me best rider over the season,
which was nice."

Weston's success wasn't just confined to Preston, he also picked up the newcomer
award after competing in the Derbyshire-based Darley Moor Cycle Club's
competition.

He picked up a cheque for £250 for his efforts on that occasion, as he won his
race by more than 12 seconds.

He also achieved some notable race wins in the Aintree Cycling Club
Championship. Having upgraded his licence from novice to clubman last year,
Weston is intent on earning his national licence this year so that he can focus
on realising his childhood ambition of racing in the Isle of Man.

The very nature of racing a motorbike means a rider is at risk of losing their
life - or being very badly injured - if it all goes wrong.

Indeed, the Isle of Man TT is notorious for the dangers lurking on its
road-based circuit.

It has claimed almost 150 lives in its 105-year history.

The length of the circuit is more than 60km and is lined with kerbs, lamp posts,
houses, trees and granite walls.

The race is run over a distance of 364 kilometres, or six laps of the course,
and generally takes about two hours to complete.

Last year was only the third time in the last 20 years that the event passed by
without a fatality.

Being a regular visitor to the TT races - which take place in May each year -
Weston, who works as a service manager at Perrys Vauxhall, in in Preston, is all
too aware of the dangers riders face.

However, for the Chorley daredevil that is part of the allure - knowing that he
is one mistake away from catastrophe.

He said: "For me that's the draw.

"The closer you get to death, the more you feel alive.

"It might sound a bit masochistic, but it is the contrary really.

"When you do a lap and you win - it's such a good buzz...it's mega.

"I think that's the difference between someone who  wins and someone who
doesn't.

"You have got to have the reality of understanding what you are doing.

"I've never raced at the Isle of Man before, but I have spoken to Joey Dunlop,
John McGuinness and people like that in the past.

"I have met most of the riders from the TTs just when I've been there as a fan.
I've watched them all over the years, bought the DVDs and heard their
interviews.

"I've ridden the circuit at the TTs on my road bike and it's different, but you
still get that feel of what it's like.

"You have got to understand that you're right on the edge so if something goes
wrong, something goes wrong. That, for me, makes it exciting.

"It's like watching a horror film - it's scary, but it's also exciting.

"The TT is a bit like that - you can't see half the bends most of the time, you
just know where they are.

"I suppose it is like any circuit in the world, you are one moment away from
possible death but the Isle of Man with its history and heritage - it's the
greatest test of man and machine.

"It's so long, so fast, so undulating, so dangerous.

"It's the ultimate test of both your ability as a rider and your bike.

"Having that ability to ride close to the edge definitely helps you to be
successful.

"There are lads who just do it so that they can say they have ridden around a
mountain circuit.

"But people like John McGuinness (below) put on their leathers in a morning and
think of just one thing - that's to win."

Weston's interest in motorbikes began in childhood due to his dad Bill's love of
the machines.

As a young boy, his dad would take him on the ferry across to the Isle of Man to
see the riders perform their  death-defying stunts.

He feels the fact that he has experience of riding around the circuit will give
him an edge when he finally races in the Isle of Man.

"The course in the Isle of Man takes a different type of rider to do well.

"As good as you are on a normal race circuit, the Isle of Man takes a lot of
learning.

"You've got 200-plus corners - a normal circuit at, say Oulton Park, you
probably could learn in a morning.

"I have taken loads of bikes over there and done hundreds of laps of the
circuit, but it's a bit different because you're on one side of the road, so I
reserve judgement as to what it's really like until you have had the whole of
the road to go at and you're going flat out.

"I like to think I will have a good shot at the Newcomer's Championship at the
Manx GP because a lot of the lads will have never been to the Isle of Man before
- let alone ridden around the circuit.

"In some places in the Isle of Man, they don't have speed limits and so you can
have a bit of a practice certainly over the mountain tops.

"I have personally reached speeds of 170mph around there, but that's taking it
easy relatively-speaking.

"John McGuinness will probably be doing 180, 190 even 200mph at the same point.

"I really feel like I can do well there.

"I know I've only done one season of racing, but I've had some really good
results.

"I'm going to try to emulate that this season and try some harder, faster
circuits."

Weston revealed that he does all his own mechanical work when he prepares his
bike for competition, though Ian Braithwaite helps him prepare his bike on race
days.

He said it is the sheer uniqueness of the  TT Races which draws people, like
himself, to it year after year.

Weston loves it so much that he has even persuaded his soon-to-be-wife that they
should get married on the island.

"It's the longest living race in history.

"It's so mental that even somebody with no interest in bikes cannot fail to be
impressed by it.

"If you see it and you're not impressed - you're just not alive.

"TT actually stands for tourist trophy because back in the day, the Isle of Man
was the only place which didn't have speed limits.

"So riders used to come across and do this circuit and it's just grown from
there.

"The island is very much just out on its own - it has its own parliament, money,
laws - it's just a magical little place.

"Where else in the world can you get to speed around the streets at 170mph -
it's just mad that you are able to do that."

While his fiancée, who is a training to become a doctor, is a big fan of his
fledgling racing career, Weston revealed his mum Pat is not quite as supportive.

"I am a pretty safe driver," he said.

"I don't fall off so much and my missus is really supportive. She comes with me
to every meeting.

"My mum and dad are not too keen on what I'm doing.

"My mum hates bikes and doesn't like the fact that her son is riding around on
these mad machines. As much as my dad loves bikes, he just thinks the Isle of
Man is just mental.

"Even though he took me when I was younger, I don't think he's keen on his son
being in it because there is a lot of bad stuff which goes on."

Having achieved so much success in such a short  space of time, does Weston have
any regrets that he did not begin racing earlier in his  life?

"I do wish I had done it earlier but regret?  I don't know about that.

"I try not to regret too much in life.

"If I had have taken it up earlier, I don't think I would be feeling like I am
now.

"I think if I had done a TT when I was 20, I think I would probably have come
back in a box.

"I'm a much safer rider now, more knowledgeable, and that comes with maturity
and experience.

"But I just can't wait to have a go at it now."

n If you would like to sponsor Liam Weston, then contact him via email:
liamwestonracing77@hotmail.co.uk or phone him on 07971 659 292.

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WLEP


                       Copyright 2013 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              575 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                  Sunday Life

                                January 13, 2013
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

WHEELGOOD FACTOR;
ADELAIDE MOTORCYCLE AWARDS 2013 ; Friday, Ramada Plaza Hotel ; Excitement builds
towards night to celebrate ; best riders in the country

BYLINE: ROY HARRIS

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 54,55

LENGTH: 1070 words


ALL roads lead to the Ramada Plaza Hotel, Belfast on Friday night where the
Enkalon Irish Motorcyclist of the Year in association with Adelaide Insurance
will be announced at what has become motorcycle sports night of the year.

The 'Magnificent Seven' riders who have been short-listed for the main award
following thousands of votes cast by the general public are; in no particular
order Michael Dunlop, Keith Farmer, Ryan Farquhar, Graeme Irwin, Jack Kennedy,
Eugene Laverty and Jonathan Rea. The winner, to follow in the wheeltracks of
last year's successful rider Alastair Seeley, will be presented with the
distinctive Joey Dunlop Trophy in front of a sell-out crowd including visiting
guests John McGuinness, Conor Cummins, Stuart Easton and Ian Hutchinson.

Another dozen awards will be presented, with the nominees for the majority of
these chosen by a judging panel of Adrian Coates (chairman), Jeremy McWilliams,
Gordon Crockard, Brian Reid, Phillip McCallen and representing the Enkalon Club,
Davy Weir. The nominees for these awards will be whittled down to three prior to
next Friday with the winners announced on the night.

THE BLACKHORSE SHORT CIRCUIT RIDER OF THE YEAR TEN riders were nominated and to
cut that to three is no mean task as you have two British champions in Keith
Farmer (Superstock 1000) and Glenn Irwin (Supersport Cup winner), British
Supersport runner-up Jack Kennedy, World Superbike race winners Eugene Laverty
and Jonathan Rea, Adelaide Masters double winner Brian McCormack, Irish
Superbike champion Denver Robb with British Superbike contenders Michael
Laverty, Ian Lowry (both race winners) and Alastair Seeley all in the mix.

IFS INTERNATIONAL ROAD RACER SEELEY is also a nominee for this award, which is
not just confined to Irish riders and has TT winners John McGuinness, Bruce
Anstey and Michael Dunlop as potential front runners.

North West 200 winners Michael Rutter, William Dunlop and Seeley are also in
contention along with Ulster Grand Prix winner Guy Martin and heroic Senior Manx
Grand Prix winner John Simpson on his Mountain Circuit debut. McGuinness, of
course, was a double winner at the TT while Michael Dunlop scored his second TT
success and had his first international superbike win at the UGP in August.

William Dunlop scored his first fourstroke race win at the North West and made
it a supersport double, wining one of the two races at the UGP, the other being
won by Anstey. Seeley had a memorable North West scoring six podiums including
three victories.

ALIAS OFF ROAD RIDER OF THE YEAR MARTIN Barr, Stuart Edmonds, Graeme Irwin,
Wayne Garrett, Gary Gibson, John Meara and the only female nominee for an award,
Natalie Kane, are all nominated for this award.

Barr, Edmonds and Irwin joined forces to give Team Ireland a tremendous MX des
Nations boost by finishing 13th in this competition. All three performed
heroically in the British MX1 and MX2 championships and the Red Bull Pro
Nationals while Garrett, Gibson and Meara were outstanding, Garrett winning the
Premier Ulster championship, Gibson the Irish MX1 series and Meara the Irish MX2
category.

Natalie Kane was a magnificent runner-up in the prestigious Ladies World MX
championship whilst also pitting her skills against the men in the British
series with distinction.

THE BELFAST TELEGRAPH RACE OF THE YEAR THIS award has nominations ranging from
Jonathan Rea's Donington World Superbike win and Eugene Laverty's WSB race
victory at Portimao to a sensational Adelaide Masters Norman Brown Trophy race
win for Marshall Neill when five riders crossed the finish line at Bishopscourt
within 0.6 seconds of each other - Neill getting the nod.

Then there was the KMR Kawasaki 1-2-3 in the inaugural supertwin race at the
North West 200 when Ryan Farquhar led home Jeremy McWilliams, who was making his
Irish road race debut and Michael Rutter having his first ever ride on a
supertwin machine.

William Dunlop and Bruce Anstey fought out two tremendous supersport races at
the Ulster Grand Prix never more than a few feet apart, each taking a win in the
end.

Off-road there was Martin Barr's victory in the Doncaster Red Bull National
race, making his debut for Tyco Suzuki.

BELLEEK TEAM OF THE YEAR THERE are eight nominations from road racing, short
circuits and off-road.

Road Racing has KMR Kawasaki with Ryan Farquhar's team superb throughout the
season with Farquhar and his young protégée Jamie Hamilton finishing first and
second in the Irish supertwin road race championship while Farquhar scored a
unique treble, winning the North West 200, TT and UGP races for supertwins and
locking out the podium at the North West with his machines.

KMR also scored two TT podiums, won the Duke Road Race Rankings title for a
record seventh time and scored numerous wins at Scarborough and Southern 100.

Tyco Suzuki by TAS scored three wins at the North West 200 with Alastair Seeley,
won the feature UGP superbike race with Guy Martin, finished runnerup in the
British Superbike Championship with Aussie Josh Brookes while they also saw
American P J Jacobson win British superstock and supersport races in wild card
rides and had an excellent season on the off-road scene.

Wilson Craig Honda scored their first international road race win at the North
West 200 and followed that up with another at the UGP thanks to William Dunlop
while the team scored nine wins from nine starts with Cameron Donald over Easter
weekend at Bishopscourt and Kirkistown.

Roger Magee from Crossgar saw his HM Plant KTM UK Team win both the MX1 and MX2
British motocross championships with Kevin Strijbos and Elliott Banks-Browne
while 21-year-old Natalie Kane finished runner-up in the Ladies World MX
championship.

Also nominated are CD Racing who took Brian McCormack to an Adelaide Masters
double and JAR Honda, Jonathan Rea's motocross team.

YOUNG RIDER OF THE YEAR THIS award will be keenly contested by nominees Andrew
Irwin, Luke Johnston, Kevin Keyes, Kia McGreevey, Sam Wilson and John Meara, all
champions in 2012, while Jamie Patterson and Conor Parkhill finished 1-2 in the
KTM European Junior race at Silverstone during the WSB meeting, Carl Phillips
had a terrific season in the Adelaide Masters supersport series.

Also presented on the night will be an Adelaide Outstanding Achievement Award,
IAM Safety Award, Greenlight Television Special Recognition Award and the
Charles Hurst Yamaha Hall of Fame winner will be announced.

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: RAISING THE BARR: Martin Barr is a contender for the Off Road Rider of
the Year award
FRONT RUNNERS: John McGuinness (left) and Michael Dunlop are nominees in the
Road Racer category
RED HOT REA: Jonathan Rea (right) is in the running for the Motorcyclist of the
Year award
FLYIN' RYAN: the recently retired Ryan Farquhar has enjoyed a great year on the
bike and with his team

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BSL


                           Copyright 2013 Sunday Life
                              All Rights Reserved


                              576 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               Evening Chronicle

                            October 19, 2012 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Rouse -ing finish to Chris' season;
motorcycling

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 52

LENGTH: 409 words


A LAST-LAP battle placed a North East teenager on the podium as he completed his
motorcycling season in top form.

Third place in the final race of the Triumph Triple Challenge earned Gateshead's
Chrissy Rouse fourth place overall in the classification out of a field of 25.

Just turned 17, the Emmanuel College student was the youngest competitor in the
annual competition, which supports British Superbike events around the country.

His top ranking has catapulted him on to the elite stage for next year and he is
in talks with teams and sponsors about his 2013 ride.

The Brands Hatch meeting saw Rouse placed fourth and third in respective races
in a highly-competitive field which attracts riders from as far away as Finland
and South Africa.

In the first race the top four riders battled it out and, with two corners to
go, it looked like Rouse might snatch third place - but he crossed the line in
fourth.

In race two the same four riders were at loggerheads.

Rouse was fighting for second when he and another competitor made contact and
ran off the circuit, allowing the fourthplaced man through.

He did manage to hold on to third, giving him valuable championship points.

Rouse of Burnopfield, said: "I am pleased with how the season ended.

"It started badly with too many did-not-finishes which were down to crashes and
mechanical failures, so to end the year in fourth spot is a real achievement."

At Silverstone two weeks ago Rouse fought his way to first and second place in
consecutive races, beating 28-year-old champion Rob Guiver.

He added: "It has been a really good learning season for me and an opportunity
to get noticed with a few offers already coming in for next year.

Rouse is studying A-level mathematics with mechanics, physics and economics at
Emmanuel College.

He began riding motorbikes when he was just seven and by the age of nine was
competing in motocross events and, in 2008, in the Metrakit Championships,
featuring miniature race bikes on a go-kart circuit.

In 2009 he started riding on full-sized circuits and has competed on Aprilia and
Triumph machines.

Next year he hopes to compete in the higher level Stock 600 Championship.

He added: "The ultimate goal is to ride for teams in either World Superbikes or
MotoGP.

"Next season I will be looking for an opportunity with a decent-sized budget to
give me a better chance of performing well."

Emmanuel College principal Jonathan Winch said: "Everyone is very proud of
Chrissy's efforts."

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: RISING TO THE CHALLENGE Chris Rouse pictured (inset) and in action in
the Triumph Triple Challenge

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NEC


               Copyright 2012 Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              577 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       Evening Chronicle (Newcastle, UK)

                            October 19, 2012 Friday

Rouse-ing Finish To Chris' Season

SECTION: A; Pg. 52

LENGTH: 409 words


A LAST-LAP battle placed a North East teenager on the podium as he completed his
motorcycling season in top form.

Third place in the final race of the Triumph Triple Challenge earned Gateshead's
Chrissy Rouse fourth place overall in the classification out of a field of 25.

Just turned 17, the Emmanuel College student was the youngest competitor in the
annual competition, which supports British Superbike events around the country.

His top ranking has catapulted him on to the elite stage for next year and he is
in talks with teams and sponsors about his 2013 ride.

The Brands Hatch meeting saw Rouse placed fourth and third in respective races
in a highly-competitive field which attracts riders from as far away as Finland
and South Africa.

In the first race the top four riders battled it out and, with two corners to
go, it looked like Rouse might snatch third place   but he crossed the line in
fourth.

In race two the same four riders were at loggerheads.

Rouse was fighting for second when he and another competitor made contact and
ran off the circuit, allowing the fourth-placed man through.

He did manage to hold on to third, giving him valuable championship points.

Rouse of Burnopfield, said: "I am pleased with how the season ended.

"It started badly with too many did-not-finishes which were down to crashes and
mechanical failures, so to end the year in fourth spot is a real achievement."

At Silverstone two weeks ago Rouse fought his way to first and second place in
consecutive races, beating 28-year-old champion Rob Guiver.

He added: "It has been a really good learning season for me and an opportunity
to get noticed with a few offers already coming in for next year.

Rouse is studying A-level mathematics with mechanics, physics and economics at
Emmanuel College.

He began riding motorbikes when he was just seven and by the age of nine was
competing in motocross events and, in 2008, in the Metrakit Championships,
featuring miniature race bikes on a go-kart circuit.

In 2009 he started riding on full-sized circuits and has competed on Aprilia and
Triumph machines.

Next year he hopes to compete in the higher level Stock 600 Championship.

He added: "The ultimate goal is to ride for teams in either World Superbikes or
MotoGP.

"Next season I will be looking for an opportunity with a decent-sized budget to
give me a better chance of performing well."

Emmanuel College principal Jonathan Winch said: "Everyone is very proud of
Chrissy's efforts."

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2012 Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              578 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                  Guardian.com

                            September 7, 2012 Friday

Trials Evolution: Origin of Pain DLC - preview

BYLINE: Keith Stuartguardian.co.uk

LENGTH: 500 words

ABSTRACT

Keith Stuart: BMX is coming to Trials, along with a host of new tracks and
editing features

FULL TEXT

Who can forget that beautiful scene in ET where Elliot's BMX floats past a large
moon, defying gravity with grace and serenity, the boys legs peddling, his alien
pal in the basket at the front. Well now you can sort of recreate that in Trials
Evolution - but with less grace and more likelihood of horrendous crashes into
rocky outcrops. Due out later this month, Origin of Pain is a DLC pack for the
wonderful motorbike simulation, and its major addition is BMX.

Yes, players will be able to attack a series of swooping, jump-riddled tracks on
a cool white BMX, with mag wheels and a furiously peddling rider. We tried two
of the new courses: Flow Like Water, which takes players through a mountainous
area of the island, past waterfalls and beneath low hanging tree branches; and
Cauldron Trail, a fiery romp through a lava filled volcano. The bike is agile
and light, which means the handling is super sensitive, with the slightest pump
of acceleration sending the front wheel flying into the air - deft, subtle
balance is a key requirement, even more than the friskiest motorbikes. It's fun
though, as the bikes are also easier to correct than their motorised cousins, so
you can pull back from the craziest wheelies, and also stop on a six pence after
hurtling down a sheer cliff face.

Set on a new island location (which at 4km x 4km is twice the size of the
environment in Evolution), there are 36 new tracks to try out, making excellent
use of the varied, mountainous environment. As well as tropical rainforest
areas, there's a circus on the island - and a landing strip. Red Lynx has also
added a load of extra rider outfits and head gear, including deliciously
ostentatious Roman centurion and astronaut helmets.

A bunch of new track editor features have been included, too. The key additions
are the one hundred new obstacles including some super huge set-pieces such as
jet planes and boats, giving avid Trials designers some intriguing new scenic
possibilities; there's even a cannon that can shoot riders across the circuit.
Oh and there's even a grappling hook, allowing bikers to swing their way through
certain sections.

Several of the fresh circuits show off these features rather nicely, with one
set amid a Lost-style crash site, complete with tricky jumps between sections of
fuselage. There are also 30 new special effects ranging from fairy glitter dust
to new smoke swirls - for the real completists.

It's a generous selection box for Trials enthusiasts who have played the
original circuits to death. And as there hasn't been a decent BMX title since
the Dave Mirra years, a whole new audience is about to be lured right in.
Indeed, with Trials Evolution: Gold Edition coming to PC soon (combining all the
tracks from both Trails HD and Trials: Evolution - 129 in total), Red Lynx is
determined to trap as many people as possible in its domain of speed, gravity
and momentum.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2012 Guardian Unlimited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              579 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          Huddersfield Daily Examiner

                             July 19, 2012 Thursday
                                  1ST Edition

Success at the seaside

BYLINE: IVAN BOYES

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 34

LENGTH: 301 words


THERE were some impressive rides from local racers at the Scarborough Festival
of Cycling on the Motor Racing circuit on Oliver's Mount.

Stephen Robinson (3RT) was sixth place and the best local finisher in the third
and fourth category event over 15 laps - including two laps of the full circuit
featuring an extremely steep climb.

Teammate Dave Micklethwaite was 17th, Josh Cutler (RST Racing Team) was 15th and
Ivan Boyes (Huddersfield Star Wheelers) 16th.

Former Holme Valley Wheeler Jacob Scott (Planet X) attacked from the gun in the
Elite, first and second category race, which used the full circuit for all of
the race distance.

Scott was reeled in after three laps and finished in eighth place, while Jake
Womersley (Sportscover Altura RT) had a great race and made it into the lead
group of four riders which included Elite rider James Cullen (Metaltek Scott).

In the sprint it was Ben Ives (Welovemountains RT) who came out on top with Karl
Denton (Blumilk.com) in second with Womersley in third and Cullen fourth.

In the National Youth Series the Under 16 Girls race was won by National
Champion Melissa Lowther (Aire Valley RT) with Abby Mae Parkinson (RST Racing
Team), from Liversedge, in second place.

Kirklees Cycling Academy had a strong showing with the Fortune brothers Adam and
Nathan fourth and second in the Under 10 and Under 8 races, while the Hollyman
siblings Mason and Henry were 10fth and seventh in the Under 12 and Under 10
races and Harry Hardcastle made it into the top 20 with a brave ride in the
Under 14 section.

Richard Binks (Clay Cross RT ) and Dominic Turner (VS Cycles) were ninth and
tenth respectively in the Wakefield evening road race for second, third and
fourth category riders at Sharlston, where Graeme Rose (Dirtwheels Cycles) was
first over the line.

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  ¦ HARD YARDS: Jacob Scott at Scarborough (s)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: hx


                           Copyright 2012 MGN Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              580 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        The Huddersfield Daily Examiner

                             July 19, 2012 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Success at the seaside

BYLINE: IVAN BOYES

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 34

LENGTH: 298 words


THERE were some impressive rides from local racers at the Scarborough Festival
of Cycling on the Motor Racing circuit on Oliver's Mount.

Stephen Robinson (3RT) was sixth place and the best local finisher in the third
and fourth category event over 15 laps - including two laps of the full circuit
featuring an extremely steep climb.

Teammate Dave Micklethwaite was 17th, Josh Cutler (RST Racing Team) was 15th and
Ivan Boyes (Huddersfield Star Wheelers) 16th.

Former Holme Valley Wheeler Jacob Scott (Planet X) attacked from the gun in the
Elite, first and second category race, which used the full circuit for all of
the race distance.

Scott was reeled in after three laps and finished in eighth place, while Jake
Womersley (Sportscover Altura RT) had a great race and made it into the lead
group of four riders which included Elite rider James Cullen (Metaltek Scott).

In the sprint it was Ben Ives (Welovemountains RT) who came out on top with Karl
Denton (Blumilk.com) in second with Womersley in third and Cullen fourth.

In the National Youth Series the Under 16 Girls race was won by National
Champion Melissa Lowther (Aire Valley RT) with Abby Mae Parkinson (RST Racing
Team), from Liversedge, in second place.

Kirklees Cycling Academy had a strong showing with the Fortune brothers Adam and
Nathan fourth and second in the Under 10 and Under 8 races, while the Hollyman
siblings Mason and Henry were 10fth and seventh in the Under 12 and Under 10
races and Harry Hardcastle made it into the top 20 with a brave ride in the
Under 14 section.

Richard Binks (Clay Cross RT ) and Dominic Turner (VS Cycles) were ninth and
tenth respectively in the Wakefield evening road race for second, third and
fourth category riders at Sharlston, where Graeme Rose (Dirtwheels Cycles) was
first over the line.

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: ¦ HARD YARDS: Jacob Scott at Scarborough (s)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HDE


                           Copyright 2012 MGN Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              581 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               Stirling Observer

                                 July 13, 2012
                                  1st Edition

24-hour cycle aiming to go round world

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 319 words


STIRLING cyclist Dave Niven teamed up with recordbreaker Mark Beaumont this week
to launch Scotland's inaugural 24-hour track cycling endurance event. The race,
which will take place on October 5 and 6 at the Knockhill Racing Circuit in
Fife, will raise money for disability charity Enable Scotland. Riders, in
four-strong teams and on their own, will race day and night around the 1.3-mile
circuit in a bid to cycle 18,296 miles within a day - the same distance clocked
up by Mark (30), from Perthshire, when he pedalled round the world in in 194
days in 2008. The team and soloist with the most laps covered in 24 hours will
win the title and secure an invitation to be one of the first to cycle the Sir
Chris Hoy Velodrome in Glasgow when it opens this autumn, alongside the top
fundraisers. Mark said: "This is a completely unique and brilliant challenge and
will see cyclists become Le Mans-style circuit racers for 24 hours. "I love
imaginative physical and psychological twowheeled challenges. I am certainly
excited to be launching one of Scotland's most extreme cycling challenges,
especially as it is raising the profile and essential funds for Enable Scotland.

Enable Scotland's assistant funding director Hazel Mcilwraith said: "This is the
ultimate cycling challenge for individual riders and teams. "As well as
embarking on an incredible personal challenge riders will also be doing
something amazing for Enable Scotland: helping us continue supporting people who
have a learning disability and campaigning to ensure every child, young person
and adult is given every opportunity to make the most of life. "I think people
will see this as their one big challenge of the year and it will attract people
from all walks of life." Registration for the event costs pounds 30 per person,
with a minimum sponsorship of pounds 375. For more information visit
www.cycletheworld.org.uk or call 0141 226 4541.

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  ON YOUR MARKS: Stirling cyclist David Niven with Mark Beaumont at
Knockhill race track.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: so


                           Copyright 2012 MGN Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              582 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          Huddersfield Daily Examiner

                             May 31, 2012 Thursday
                                  1ST Edition

BEN LEADS WAY;
Brighouse trio impressive in Batley meeting

BYLINE: IVAN BOYES

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 34

LENGTH: 521 words


BRIGHOUSE-BASED team VS Cycles had trio Ben Kellett, Matthew Armitage and Paul
Dixon in strong form in the Batley CC Road Race at Hartshead.

From the off in the 66-mile race for second, third and fourth category riders
breaks were split up the field, but it was in the final four laps that the
decisive split occurred.

Eight riders went clear, including trio from Brighouse, and going into the last
lap the sprint saw Ben Ives (We Love Mountains) get the win ahead of David
Shackleton (Wilsons Wheels), with Kellett third ahead of Dixon in fourth and
Armitage in fifth.

There was a strong showing from local youth riders in round two of the White
Rose League at Richard Dunn Sport Centre in Bradford.

Felicity Gledhill (Planet X) from Shepley won the time trial and the circuit
race in the Under 12 girls, and her older brother Leon was second in the Under
16 boys circuit race, being narrowly beaten by Levi Moody (Pedalsport).

Abby Parkinson (RST Racing Team), from Liversedge, and Amira Mellor (Holme
Valley Wheelers) were second and fourth, respectively, in the Under 16 girls
event.

Shelley's Jack Ford (Wakefield Junior Tri) was third in the Under 12 boys
circuit race which was won by Nathan Hawthorne (Cycle Sport Pendle), Holme
Valley Wheeler Jim Brown was fourth and Mason Hollyman (Kirklees Cycling
Academy) finished in sixth place.

Kirklees Cycling Academy riders Adam Fortune and Henry Hollyman were third and
fourth in the Under 10 boys and Nathan Fortune was second in the Under 8 boys.

The latest Holme Valley Wheelers 10-mile event ended with the first and second
places being overturned turned from the previous meeting.

Jacob Scott took the victory in 22 minutes 45 seconds from Ben Kellett in 23.04,
while the third fastest ride came from Gareth Owen in 24.11 and fourth was Jake
Ragan in 24.49.

Fifth was veteran Steve Rimmer in 25.17 producing his best ride of the season,
but it could be his last of the year as since the meeting he was knocked off his
bike and was taken to hospital with suspected spinal and head injuries.

After X-rays he was told he had no serious injuries but will still have to
recover from bruises to his ribs and back.

First lady home was improving veteran Trish Mellor, who is training for her
first Half Ironman later in the season, in 30.47.

Other times: John Hick 25.36, Chris Harris 25.45, Steve Robinson 26.30, Andrew
Kerry 27.09, Owen Mitton 27.12, Derek Johnson 27.12, Johnny McLean 27.35, Gordon
Moss 28.39, Mick Cole 28.45, Simon Fallow 28.46, Jason Haigh 29.45, Andy
Wilcockson 32.29, David Womersley 31.18, Helen Bottom 34.00 (second lady), Kevin
Page (34.46).

? Holme Valley Wheelers staged the first of their four children's five-mile time
trials on the Farnley Tyas circuit.

A tight race saw 13-year-old Joe Williams record 16.15, but he was pipped by
15-year-old Jack White in 16.13. ? The Go Ride coached sessions (British Cycling
Level 2 coaches) continue on Monday (6.45) at the playground at Sands, Holmfirth
- all children are welcome with any type of bike, helmet and drink. Sessions are
pounds 1 and free to Holme Valley Wheelers club members.

LOAD-DATE: May 31, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  ¦ ALL BUNCHED UP: Brighouse's VS Cycles team rider Ben Kellett
(centre) during the Batley road race

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: hx


                           Copyright 2012 MGN Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              583 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                             Paisley Daily Express

                            August 25, 2011 Thursday
                                 First Edition

Town turns into cycle city as crowd laps up action

BYLINE: LYNN JOLLY

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 293 words


THERE were more people on two wheels than on two feet in Paisley when the
Scottish Cycling Championships came to town.

The event was moved from Erskine, where it has been staged for the past two
years, to Paisley due to its increasing popularity.

On Sunday hundreds of cyclists gathered in town to compete and there was a
healthy crowd of spectators cheering them on.

The event incorporated the 2011 Scottish Circuit Race Championships, the Youth
Road Race Championships and the West of Scotland Circuit Championships.

The circuit started at Paisley Town Hall and went left at Paisley Cross, down St
Mirren Brae, left on to Orchard Street, left again onto Bridge Street over the
White Cart River, past Renfrewshire Council's headquarters, in Cotton Street,
and past Paisley Abbey before sweeping round the final bend for the finishing
straight up to Paisley Cross.

Renfrewshire Council, Johnstone Wheelers Cycling Club and Johnstone Jets Youth
Cycling were all involved in the event, which set off at 10am.

The cream of Scotland's cycling community descended on Paisley town centre.

The first event was the Paisley Physiotherapy Centre under-10s race, which seen
32 young riders battling it out over 10 minutes and one lap.

Then there was the Strathand Fire & Security under-12s race at 10.30am, followed
by the Youth A and B Summits Outdoor Gear Championship for under-16s.

The first senior event was the Mr Bathrooms Women's Grand Prix, incorporating
the WOSCA championship. Up next was the Thai Siam Men's Grand Prix - made up
from fourth category junior, senior and veteran riders.

And the main event of the day was the Dooley's Cycles Men's Criterium
Championship - with riders speeding along at around 30mph.

GREAT EFFORT: Katie McLean TOP

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  AND THEY'RE OFF: The ladies grand prix gets under way
PDE210811ROADRACE-17 SERIOUS BUSINESS: Male competitors saddle up
PDE210811ROADRACE-34 STIFF COMPETITION: The men's grand prix attracts high-level
cyclists PDE210811ROADRACE-26 WELL DONE: Medal winner Lewis Steele, seven
PDE210811ROADRACE-18 GIRL POWER: Medal winner Katrina Miller, nine
PDE210811ROADRACE-21 SHOULDER CHECK: Euan Hay looks out for other riders
PDE210811ROADRACE-12 HEAD DOWN: William Macdonald puts in a superb effort
PDE210811ROADRACE-28 GOOD JOB: Medal winner Hamish McLaren PDE210811ROADRACE-20
GREAT DAY: The events and nice weather were a big draw PDE210811ROADRACE-27
CHEQUERED FLAG: Championship winner David Lines PDE210811ROADRACE-36 ALL AGES:
The Youth C group, under 12 boys and girls PDE210811ROADRACE-01 STAYING FOCUSED:
Joshua McLaughlin TOUGH GOING: Alan McLean WINNERS' CROWD: People gather for the
medal presentations PDE210811ROADRACE-19 GREAT EFFORT: Katie McLean

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: pe


                           Copyright 2011 MGN Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              584 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                Evening Gazette

                              July 8, 2011 Friday
                                  1st Edition

Motorcycling adventures with difference

BYLINE: HARRIET RIDLEY

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 551 words


I'VE just been on the best track experience ever - one of Motorsport Vision's
Crescent days.

If you've never taken your pride and joy on a racing circuit, then don't wait
any longer. Go for it while the sun's still shining.

It doesn't matter whether you ride a superbike, naked bike, an old classic or
even a maxi-scooter, enthusiasts take all sorts on track days.

And if you haven't tried one yet, then the chances are you're worried about
wrecking your cherished bike. So, let's get the facts straight. You are no more
likely to crash on a circuit than you are on the road. And if you do get carried
away and lose it on track, then you'll be going down in a much safer environment
with no roadside furniture to hit - and medics waiting for you on the spot.

But other than providing acres of run-off, the racetrack is simply another
stretch of gloriously winding tarmac, and the throttle works both ways. You
won't be out with loons as MSV carefully monitor their days and provide three
groups to cater for all abilities; novice, intermediate and fast.

If you prefer you can book on one of MSV's many novice-only track days where
every rider is in that same first-timer boat.

What a track day will do is let you explore you and your bike's potential in
relative safety.

Realising how hard you can brake, how far you can lean and how hard you can
accelerate will make you a much better and safer rider on the road too.

Then there's all the fun. I decided to try out the new Snetterton 300 circuit
that everyone's been raving about, so I booked with MSV and it happened to be
one of their Crescent days - which means the Crescent Suzuki BSB team were in
attendance to test during our lunch break and to socialise with customers. What
a day! MSV stands out from other track day organisers by taking extra care of
novice riders with classroom sessions in between track time - for no extra
money.

I wish I had that kind of help when I took up track days many moons ago, instead
of being left to grapple with the basic techniques such as braking, lines and
body positioning on my own.

This time, instead of being run by one of MSV's capable ACU-approved coaches who
are on hand all day for advice, BSB (and former MotoGP) star John Hopkins took
the classrooms.

He was brilliant, funny, informative, extremely helpful and happy to answer any
questions. He went on to win the BSB Race One at Snetterton the following
weekend so he knows what he's talking about. On any MSV day, if you want further
help with your riding you can book an instructor for one-on-one tuition for
pounds 25 per session.

If you want more, then take MSV's Rider Development Programme where an
instructor will spend all day with you, with different levels available.

And if you decide to try your hand at club racing (I did, so anyone can), then
MSV do ACU tests including written exam and riding assessment to get your
competition licence. All of this is available on any of the MSV days but if you
want the special Hopkins treatment, then book on a Crescent day for the price of
a normal track day. This varies depending on the track and the Snetterton day
cost pounds 99.

The next MSV Crescent track day is a double treat as it's at Brands Hatch GP
full circuit, on July 26. Details can be found at www.motorsportvision.co.uk

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: gz


                    Copyright 2011 Gazette Media Company Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              585 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                Evening Gazette

                              July 8, 2011 Friday
                                  1st Edition

Motorcycling adventures with difference

BYLINE: HARRIET RIDLEY

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 551 words


I'VE just been on the best track experience ever - one of Motorsport Vision's
Crescent days.

If you've never taken your pride and joy on a racing circuit, then don't wait
any longer. Go for it while the sun's still shining.

It doesn't matter whether you ride a superbike, naked bike, an old classic or
even a maxi-scooter, enthusiasts take all sorts on track days.

And if you haven't tried one yet, then the chances are you're worried about
wrecking your cherished bike. So, let's get the facts straight. You are no more
likely to crash on a circuit than you are on the road. And if you do get carried
away and lose it on track, then you'll be going down in a much safer environment
with no roadside furniture to hit - and medics waiting for you on the spot.

But other than providing acres of run-off, the racetrack is simply another
stretch of gloriously winding tarmac, and the throttle works both ways. You
won't be out with loons as MSV carefully monitor their days and provide three
groups to cater for all abilities; novice, intermediate and fast.

If you prefer you can book on one of MSV's many novice-only track days where
every rider is in that same first-timer boat.

What a track day will do is let you explore you and your bike's potential in
relative safety.

Realising how hard you can brake, how far you can lean and how hard you can
accelerate will make you a much better and safer rider on the road too.

Then there's all the fun. I decided to try out the new Snetterton 300 circuit
that everyone's been raving about, so I booked with MSV and it happened to be
one of their Crescent days - which means the Crescent Suzuki BSB team were in
attendance to test during our lunch break and to socialise with customers. What
a day! MSV stands out from other track day organisers by taking extra care of
novice riders with classroom sessions in between track time - for no extra
money.

I wish I had that kind of help when I took up track days many moons ago, instead
of being left to grapple with the basic techniques such as braking, lines and
body positioning on my own.

This time, instead of being run by one of MSV's capable ACU-approved coaches who
are on hand all day for advice, BSB (and former MotoGP) star John Hopkins took
the classrooms.

He was brilliant, funny, informative, extremely helpful and happy to answer any
questions. He went on to win the BSB Race One at Snetterton the following
weekend so he knows what he's talking about. On any MSV day, if you want further
help with your riding you can book an instructor for one-on-one tuition for
pounds 25 per session.

If you want more, then take MSV's Rider Development Programme where an
instructor will spend all day with you, with different levels available.

And if you decide to try your hand at club racing (I did, so anyone can), then
MSV do ACU tests including written exam and riding assessment to get your
competition licence. All of this is available on any of the MSV days but if you
want the special Hopkins treatment, then book on a Crescent day for the price of
a normal track day. This varies depending on the track and the Snetterton day
cost pounds 99.

The next MSV Crescent track day is a double treat as it's at Brands Hatch GP
full circuit, on July 26. Details can be found at www.motorsportvision.co.uk

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: gz


                    Copyright 2011 Gazette Media Company Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              586 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          Huddersfield Daily Examiner

                              July 8, 2011 Friday
                                  1ST Edition

Try out a track day

BYLINE: HARRIET RIDLEY

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 644 words


I'VE just been on the best track experience ever - one of Motorsport Vision's
Crescent days.

If you've never taken your pride and joy on a racing circuit, then don't wait
any longer. Go for it while the sun's still shining.

It doesn't matter whether you ride a superbike, naked bike, an old classic or
even a maxi-scooter, enthusiasts take all sorts on track days.

And if you haven't tried one yet, then the chances are you're worried about
wrecking your cherished bike. So, let's get the facts straight.

You are no more likely to crash on a circuit than you are on the road. And if
you do get carried away and lose it on track, then you'll be going down in a
much safer environment with no roadside furniture to hit. And there will be
medics waiting for you on the spot.

But other than providing acres of run-off, the racetrack is simply another
stretch of gloriously winding Tarmac and the throttle works both ways.

You won't be out with loons as MSV carefully monitor their days and provide
three groups to cater for all abilities; novice, intermediate and fast.

If you prefer you can book on one of MSV's many novice-only track days where
every rider is in that same first-timer boat.

What a track day will do is let you explore you and your bike's potential in
relative safety.

Realising how hard you can brake, how far you can lean and how hard you can
accelerate will make you a much better and safer rider on the road too.

Then there's all the fun. I decided to try out the new Snetterton 300 circuit
that everyone's been raving about, so I booked with MSV and it happened to be
one of their Crescent days - which means the Crescent Suzuki BSB team were in
attendance to test during our lunch break and to socialise with customers. What
a day!

MSV stands out from other track day organisers by taking extra care of novice
riders with classroom sessions in between track time - for no extra money.

I wish I had that kind of help when I took up track days many moons ago, instead
of being left to grapple with the basic techniques such as braking, lines and
body positioning on my own.

This time, instead of being run by one of MSV's capable ACU-approved coaches who
are on hand all day for advice, BSB and former MotoGP star John Hopkins took the
classrooms.

He was brilliant, funny, informative, extremely helpful and happy to answer any
questions. He went on to win the BSB Race One at Snetterton the following
weekend so he knows what he's talking about.

On any MSV day, if you want further help with your riding, you can book an
instructor for one-on-one tuition for pounds 25 per session.

If you want more, then take MSV's Rider Development Programme, where an
instructor will spend all day with you, with different levels available.

And if you decide to try your hand at club racing, then MSV do ACU tests
including written exam and riding assessment to get your competition licence.

All of this is available on any of the MSV days, but if you want the special
Hopkins treatment, then book on a Crescent day for the price of a normal track
day. This varies depending on the track and the Snetterton day cost pounds 99.

The next MSV Crescent track day is a double treat as it's at Brands Hatch GP
full circuit, on July 26. See www.motorsportvision.co.uk.

TRACK DAY TIPS? It doesn't matter what motorcycle you ride, just make sure it's
in tip-top condition. That means plenty of oil in the sump (or appropriate
reservoir if it's a two-stroke), tread on the tyres, good brake pads and general
all-round condition. If in doubt, take it for a service beforehand. ? You'll
need one-piece leathers or zip-up two-piece, decent gloves and boots and an ACU
Gold Approved helmet. I always recommend earplugs as well.

. ? Come with the right attitude: take it easy until you've learned the track
and gradually build your speed for a safe day.

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  ¦ LESSONS: Racer John Hopkins in track day action

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: hx


                           Copyright 2011 MGN Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              587 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                South Wales Echo

                             July 6, 2011 Wednesday
                                 First Edition

Top-class cyclists will be talk of the town;
CYCLING

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 299 words


AN evening of top-class cycling is coming to Abergavenny this week as the
British Cycling Elite Circuit Race Series gets under way in Wales.

Free to watch, the race takes place on Friday and will see Britain's best riders
go head-to-head with strong local competition ahead of the London 2012 Olympics.

The action-packed evening kicks off at 5.30pm with a series of Under 16 Youth
Races, and is followed by a Traders Race at 7.30pm, where local businessmen ride
around the circuit, before the Elites take to the course at 8pm.

Taking place in the heart of the Gwent town, competitors will sprint around the
town centre circuit at speeds of up to 40mph for approximately an hour.

More than 200 riders are expected to descend on Abergavenny for the evening from
youngsters taking their first steps in the sport through to Olympic champions.

This year's dominant criterium squads Rapha Condor and Endura have both taken
one win apiece in the five-race series and so all eyes will be on the two as
they battle it out in Abergavenny.

The Elite Circuit Race kicks off Wales' biggest festival of cycling 'The
Abergavenny Big Weekend.' The action moves to Bailey Park on Saturday and Sunday
for children's races and the Becky James Watt Bike Challenge.

For the older riders, there will be the Iron Mountain Sportive, starting and
finishing in Bailey Park on the Saturday, and the Black Mountain Sportive on the
Sunday.

Race organiser Bill Owen said: "Road cycling is fast and furious and, as riders
hurtle around the town centre, an exhilarating spectator sport.

"The Abergavenny Cycle Races are a fantastic opportunity for people from across
Wales to see some of the stars of the sport in action ahead of London 2012, as
well as cheering on local talent. It's a really popular community event."

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: sw


                    Copyright 2011 Western Mail and Echo Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              588 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            Nottingham Evening Post

                               May 6, 2011 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Notts rider has a stormy time

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 32

LENGTH: 165 words


Motorcycling: Jacksdale's Kyle Ryde took two 12th places in the the Moto GP Red
Bull Rookies race at the Estoril circuit in Portugal.

The weather played a huge part in qualifying and the first session was halted
after just a few minutes when a thunderstorm hit the circuit and a lightning
bolt struck the track just two metres from another young rider causing him to
crash.

When the session restarted, Ryde crashed out in the wet conditions early on and
that meant he had to start from near the back of the grid in both races.

Ryde is now equal 11th place overall in the Rookie Championships with 21 points.

The youngster then flew back to compete in the British Championship at Oulton
Park, where again he had to start at the back of the grid after missing
qualifying.

He stormed through the field to catch the leaders and then was involved in a
battle with the Australian rider Matt Davies for second and third place. Ryde
edged it by a mere 0.066 of a second, with victory going to Rob Guiver.

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NEP


                     Copyright 2011 Nottingham Evening Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              589 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                  Spalding Guardian & Lincolnshire Free Press

                          September 23, 2010 Thursday

MOTORSPORT: Ben chasing strong finish

LENGTH: 253 words



HIGHLIGHT: CRUNCH time has arrived for Ben Wilson as he bids to secure a place
in the top three of the British Supersport championship standings.


After the disappointment of a non-finish at Croft last week, the Gearlink
Kawasaki rider is seeking a top result from the penultimate round of the
championship at Silverstone on Sunday.

Wilson has not competed at the newly refurbished Northamptonshire circuit and
will have to learn his way around the track in free practice prior to going for
a fast lap during qualifying.

The Kirton racer is currently sitting in fourth place in the rider standings,
with the season finale taking place at Oulton Park in October.

"I have not been to the new circuit as yet so it's virgin territory for me,"
said Wilson.

"Of course it is the same for the majority of the Supersport riders, although
there are a few who have been lucky enough to have either tested or raced here
since it was revamped.

"The circuit is very similar in parts to the old track and I am a quick learner
so it won't pose too many problems for me and I should soon be on the pace."

Wilson needs a good result from Silverstone if he is to achieve his goal of a
place in the top three - and the team at Gearlink Kawasaki will be pulling out
all the stops to help him.

The weekend begins with free practice on Friday ahead of the two qualifying
sessions on Saturday which will determine the grid formation for Sunday's 12 lap
race which is scheduled for 3.45pm.

Current standings: 1st - S Lowes (GNS Racing) 196pts; 2nd - J Westmoreland (CAME
Yamaha) 156pts; 3rd - G Gowland (PTR) 103pts; 4th - B Wilson (Gearlink Kawasaki)
100pts; 5th - B McConnell (CAME Yamaha) 99pts.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SGJ


                       Copyright 2010 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              590 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                  Spalding Guardian & Lincolnshire Free Press

                          September 23, 2010 Thursday

MOTORSPORT: Ben chasing strong finish

LENGTH: 253 words



HIGHLIGHT: CRUNCH time has arrived for Ben Wilson as he bids to secure a place
in the top three of the British Supersport championship standings.


After the disappointment of a non-finish at Croft last week, the Gearlink
Kawasaki rider is seeking a top result from the penultimate round of the
championship at Silverstone on Sunday.

Wilson has not competed at the newly refurbished Northamptonshire circuit and
will have to learn his way around the track in free practice prior to going for
a fast lap during qualifying.

The Kirton racer is currently sitting in fourth place in the rider standings,
with the season finale taking place at Oulton Park in October.

"I have not been to the new circuit as yet so it's virgin territory for me,"
said Wilson.

"Of course it is the same for the majority of the Supersport riders, although
there are a few who have been lucky enough to have either tested or raced here
since it was revamped.

"The circuit is very similar in parts to the old track and I am a quick learner
so it won't pose too many problems for me and I should soon be on the pace."

Wilson needs a good result from Silverstone if he is to achieve his goal of a
place in the top three - and the team at Gearlink Kawasaki will be pulling out
all the stops to help him.

The weekend begins with free practice on Friday ahead of the two qualifying
sessions on Saturday which will determine the grid formation for Sunday's 12 lap
race which is scheduled for 3.45pm.

Current standings: 1st - S Lowes (GNS Racing) 196pts; 2nd - J Westmoreland (CAME
Yamaha) 156pts; 3rd - G Gowland (PTR) 103pts; 4th - B Wilson (Gearlink Kawasaki)
100pts; 5th - B McConnell (CAME Yamaha) 99pts.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SGJ


                       Copyright 2010 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              591 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                          The Daily Telegraph (London)

                          September 18, 2010 Saturday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Journey into the unknown;
MotoGP 2010 Preview Unpredictability might be the only thing that can be
guaranteed when the MotoGP series heads to a new circuit in Aragon, Spain, this
weekend

BYLINE: Suzi Perry

SECTION: MOTORING;FEATURES; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 475 words


There's a new destination for the MotoGP series this weekend - the circuit of
Aragon, situated about halfway between Madrid and Barcelona. Based near the
fearsome old street circuit of Alcaniz, this modern-day facility is MotoGP's
official super-sub and has been called into action because the Balatonring in
Hungary hasn't been finished on time.

Devised by Hermann Tilke, of Formula One circuit fame, it's more than three
miles long and is a complicated mix of fast sweepers and tight, low-speed turns.

Some riders sidestepped the testing restrictions by learning the circuit on a
road bike - so expect Valentino Rossi, Jorge Lorenzo, Andrea Dovizioso and Nicky
Hayden to have less first-day-atschool nerves than the others.

But it's impossible to predict who will go well until the bikes have turned a
wheel.

This race, of which we know very little, comes off the back of a grand prix
where we learnt a lot.

Misano was tainted by the tragic loss of the 19-year-old Japanese Moto 2 rider
Shoya Tomizawa, who was admired as much for his wide smile and sunny disposition
as for winning the first race of the season. Massive internal injuries sustained
during an accident taught us that for all the run-off areas, airbag leathers and
safety electronics, motorcycle racing will always be fundamentally dangerous.

The Misano race also taught us something about Dani Pedrosa - that he's the best
at holding onto a 175mph motorbike. Tucked deep below the screen of his Honda,
he was healthily quicker through the speed traps than anyone else at the last
race and in his quiet, diminutive way, he now finds himself having his best-ever
season in the top class.

What the last race also showed is that Rossi is nearing full fitness. After a
couple of races where you suspected his injuries weren't as fully healed as we'd
been led to believe, a study of the lap times shows the stamina is back because
he was getting faster towards the end of the race. In fact, only Pedrosa lapped
quicker, and Rossi's team-mate Lorenzo, who has been quick to say the Italian is
leaving for Ducati because he can't take the pace, was two tenths slower.

In the eyes of his fans, of course, Rossi never went away. Misano is just a few
miles from his home town, so there's always a massive presence of yellow
T-shirts and flags. This time they were supplemented by maracas - or to be more
precise, yellow balloons with rice inside, which Rossi arranged to have
distributed to his supporters.

British fans had an extra reason to cheer at Misano, thanks to the announcement
from World Superbike rider Cal Crutchlow that he would be joining the Tech 3
Yamaha MotoGP squad from 2011. The 24-year-old from Coventry gives us the fillip
of a home rider to cheer once again.

Watch the Aragon Grand Prix on BBC Two tomorrow at 12.30pm.

The last race also showed Valentino Rossi is nearing full fitness

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Yellow, not mellow: Valentino Rossi's fans at Misano

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DTL


                  Copyright 2010 Telegraph Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              592 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                 Reigate Mirror

                                August 26, 2010

Veteran leitch over the moon

SECTION: Pg. 66

LENGTH: 341 words


Proving just how addictive cycle racing can be, John Leitch took 11th  place in
his national championships on Sunday.

The riders were faced with an eight-lap circuit to the west of Dunsfold, west of
Cranleigh, and the event attracted a strong field from all parts of the UK,
including world champion Tony Woodcock, the powerful Essex rider.

"I'm over the moon with that," said Leitch, 65, afterwards having matched his
previous best-ever performance from three years ago on a course in Hampshire.

"My legs were going at the end. It was two laps too many for me. I struggle with
anything lasting close to two hours and this was 20 minutes even beyond that.

"It all happened as we started the third circuit. You descent to a left-hand
turn into Chiddingford Road and instantly face a steep little climb, followed by
another mile of gentle uphill with no respite.

"Woodcock attacked the field and it was eye-balls out. Wonderfully at the end of
that I found I was in the break and just six of us had got away from the main
bunch.

"Another five soon managed to bridge across to us, one by one, but after that
they never saw us again as we were all working hard, taking turns on the front
to drive the pace.

"Sure enough Woodcock turned the screw again a lap further on and he attacked
for a second time and got away in a group of three."

There was a mixed effort by the eight to reel them back in and as a result it
didn't work. After that individuals kept trying to escape in the hope of winning
that elusive fourth place.

"They almost dropped me a couple of times," said Leitch. "I only knew one rider,
Tom McCall from Croydon, as the rest were from the Midlands and the North. Tom
is a top sprinter so I knew if I could stay with him I'd be OK and Tom spotted
the moves."

With only two miles to the finish, the circuit hits it highest point. As the
group turned the corner into Plaistow Road and sat up for a last drink, Leitch
put in a sustained attack but to no avail as the group joined forces in clawing
back the gap. "That was me done, game over," he said.

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 311


                    Copyright 2010 Northcliffe Media Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              593 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                 Reigate Mirror

                                August 26, 2010

Veteran leitch over the moon

SECTION: Pg. 66

LENGTH: 341 words


Proving just how addictive cycle racing can be, John Leitch took 11th  place in
his national championships on Sunday.

The riders were faced with an eight-lap circuit to the west of Dunsfold, west of
Cranleigh, and the event attracted a strong field from all parts of the UK,
including world champion Tony Woodcock, the powerful Essex rider.

"I'm over the moon with that," said Leitch, 65, afterwards having matched his
previous best-ever performance from three years ago on a course in Hampshire.

"My legs were going at the end. It was two laps too many for me. I struggle with
anything lasting close to two hours and this was 20 minutes even beyond that.

"It all happened as we started the third circuit. You descent to a left-hand
turn into Chiddingford Road and instantly face a steep little climb, followed by
another mile of gentle uphill with no respite.

"Woodcock attacked the field and it was eye-balls out. Wonderfully at the end of
that I found I was in the break and just six of us had got away from the main
bunch.

"Another five soon managed to bridge across to us, one by one, but after that
they never saw us again as we were all working hard, taking turns on the front
to drive the pace.

"Sure enough Woodcock turned the screw again a lap further on and he attacked
for a second time and got away in a group of three."

There was a mixed effort by the eight to reel them back in and as a result it
didn't work. After that individuals kept trying to escape in the hope of winning
that elusive fourth place.

"They almost dropped me a couple of times," said Leitch. "I only knew one rider,
Tom McCall from Croydon, as the rest were from the Midlands and the North. Tom
is a top sprinter so I knew if I could stay with him I'd be OK and Tom spotted
the moves."

With only two miles to the finish, the circuit hits it highest point. As the
group turned the corner into Plaistow Road and sat up for a last drink, Leitch
put in a sustained attack but to no avail as the group joined forces in clawing
back the gap. "That was me done, game over," he said.

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 311


                    Copyright 2010 Northcliffe Media Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              594 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               Daily Star Sunday

                                August 22, 2010
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

LAPPY DAYS;
Ulster bike speed-fest is just nuts NO LIMITS THE WHEEL DEAL

BYLINE: MARK FORSYTH

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 44

LENGTH: 367 words


JUST spent an incredible three days in Northern Ireland at the Ulster Grand Prix
bike races.

If you don't know what this is, let me explain...

The circuit is a 7.4-mile public road loop in the hills west of Belfast.

The event (quite rightly) bills itself as the world's fastest motorcycle race
with average lap speeds nudging or exceeding 130mph.

That means the riders have to lap the B-road circuit in under 3min 20secs! To do
this, they're hitting close to 190mph in places. Some stretches are just flat
out in sixth gear and even the TV helicopter can't keep up.

The high speeds are one part of the spectacle but the thing that really blew me
away was how close you can get to the circuit to watch.

Like in World Rally, it's mainly up to you where you watch. Poking your head out
of a hole in a hedge is the done thing and if you want a true sensation of
mind-boggling speed, being nose high and arm's length to a pack of 20 superbikes
doing 190mph - this is where you need to be.

You get a similar spectating kick at the Isle of Man TT but the Ulster scores a
top trump by having mass starts. Where the TT sets its riders off individually,
in ten-second waves to race against the clock, the Ulster Grand Prix sets them
all off together so it's like a short-circuit race held on public roads.

But unlike a short-circuit race with all its gravel traps and air fencing the
riders at the Ulster only have trees, barbed wire fences and walls to hit should
they make a mistake. It's nuts. Proper nuts.

It's something every petrol-head should see at least once in their life.

Three more reasons to attend? Belfast and this part of Northern Ireland are
beautiful, the people are almost unnervingly friendly and getting there couldn't
be simpler.

We took a Norfolk Line (now part of DFDS Seaways) overnight ferry from
Birkenhead to Belfast. The crossing takes eight hours so you rock up, strap your
bike in the hold, have a couple of beers and some food and go to bed in a really
clean and comfortable cabin.

Food is included in the price of £250 return - that's for two people and one
bike. It's a great service where you wake up at your destination, well-fed,
rested and ready to go.

I can't recommend it highly enough.

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: QUEASY RIDERS: Ian Hutchinson wins Superstock at Ulster Grand Prix from
Keith Amor

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DSS


                       Copyright 2010 Express Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              595 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                      Coventry Evening Telegraph (England)

                              July 19, 2010 Monday
                                Nuneaton Edition

BEES IN CORRIDOR OF UNCERTATINTY

BYLINE: David Rowe

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 42

LENGTH: 506 words


COVENTRY have to avoid serious damage at the Elite League's strongest home
fortress tonight if they are to set themselves up for a serious Cup run this
season. The Buildbase Bees make the short trip to local rivals Wolverhampton for
the first leg of their quarter-final tie, and their aim will be to keep things
as close as possible ahead of the return at Brandon next month.

Reigning league champions Wolves - whose Cup record over more than a decade is
bafflingly poor - have lost little momentum from their title win last season,
and are certainties to finish in the play-off places once more even if they are
a little adrift of the all-round power of Poole.

But their home record would strike fear into most other teams, as it is nearly
two years since they lost a fixture at their Monmore Green circuit, which always
provides good racing but also allows Wolves riders plenty of opportunities to
put local knowledge to good use.

Their main route to success often lies in making sharp cut-backs off the second
bend to use an area of track known as 'Karlsson's Corridor' in deference to the
veteran Swedish rider Peter Karlsson, who made that overtaking move his own.

Karlsson, who captained Wolves to the title last year, has since moved to Belle
Vue on loan, but his successor as the master of Monmore is another Swede,
Freddie Lindgren, who rarely drops a point around his home circuit.

It all adds up to a tough test for Bees, who performed encouragingly in a 47-43
Challenge match defeat in March but were hammered 56-38 in wet conditions in May
- although their team has, of course, changed substantially since then.

Manager Alun Rossiter said: "The Knockout Cup is very important to us, probably
even more so this year because of how things have gone in the League.

"Getting Wolverhampton in the quarter-finals is a tough draw, but our riders do
know how to get round that circuit, they have shown it in the past and we need a
few big performances.

Once again a lot of it comes down to belief, and we should be capable at the
very least of going there and keeping ourselves in touch for the second leg.

"Chris Harris and Ben Barker finished first and third in the British Final on
the same track last month, and both Edward Kennett and Lewis Bridger have had
big scores there in the past as well. If our team performs to its ability, we
can get a positive result there."

Bees had a full squad to select from for the meeting, and they pair Josh Auty
with Przemyslaw Pawlicki at reserve.

The young Pole adapted well to a somewhat alien Belle Vue circuit last week and
Bees will hope for a similar display tonight.

Wolves have had much of their success from a lack of last places at home, and
this has been maintained even despite the injury absence of doubling-up rider
Chris Kerr as his replacement Matt Wethers, of Edinburgh, has done better at the
top level than could have been imagined.

A busy week for the Buildbase Bees continues with matches at Lakeside and
Swindon on Wednesday and Thursday, and a home clash with Eastbourne on Friday.

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 Coventry Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              596 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                               Belfast Telegraph

                             May 29, 2010 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Why bikers will flock to the rock

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 50

LENGTH: 543 words


The 103rd Isle of Man TT Races get underway later today with the opening
practice sessions, on the most arduous 37.73-miles of public roads in the world
-- regarded by many as the ultimate test of man and machine. But what makes it
so special?

It all started back in 1907. Edwardian machines lapped the course at less than
40mph with riders carrying spare inner tubes around their necks and pockets full
of replacement spark plugs.

The inaugural winner was London-born Charlie Collier lifting the magnificent
Mouzilly de St Mars Tourist Trophy for his performance on a single cylinder
Matchless.

Ironically, the very same trophy will be presented to the Senior TT winner on
June 11, with speeds now in excess of 130mph.

Collier remains an iconic figure in the annals of TT history; a pioneer if you
like, for his racing peers over the next century.

Many great riders have taken on the challenge of the famous Mountain Circuit,
but no individual mastered it better, than the late, great William Joseph
Dunlop, MBE OBE, with a virtually unassailable 26 TT victories.

On the eve of the tenth anniversary of Joey's untimely death in Tallinn,
Estonia, in the Millennium year, the Island still pays homage to its favourite
adopted son.

But a new breed of up-and-coming and established Irish combatant will take up
this year's challenge, looking to emulate that famous and iconic yellow helmet.

21-year-old Michael Dunlop is currently Northern Ireland's hottest young talent,
and having already taken his debut win just twelve months ago in the Supersport
class, the stockily built and super-confident youngster will be looking to add
to his tally this year.

One of the more experienced local riders competing at this year's event is
34-year-old Ryan Farquhar from Dungannon.

The Ulsterman, who has two TT victories on his Curriculum Vitae, is regarded as
the most meticulous privateer of his generation, not to mention the most
successful of all time on the Irish national scene.

And he too, as you would expect, is a TT purist.

"I wouldn't say it's just the TT I love, it's the circuit and the place in
general: 37 and a half miles of unspoiled roads and whether it be the TT or the
Manx Grand Prix, there's simply no better place to stand on a podium," he
explained.

"There's no better buzz than setting off down Bray Hill on that first lap, and
apart from surface improvements, the circuit remains virtually unchanged for
over 100 years.

"If everything clicks here it can be the best pace in the world, but it can also
be the worse -- that's why we all love the challenge of the Mountain Course."

The TT, dubbed by motorcycling enthusiasts as 'the most famous seven days in
June' is more than just a motorcycle festival. It has become a way of life for
40,000 travelling fans from all over the globe, and let's be honest, it's not
the easiest place to get to.

Mad Sunday, Ramsey Sprint, the Purple Helmets, Bushy's beer and even naked
bikers on the promenade; add to that racing legends like Mike Hailwood, Bob
McIntyre and Giacomo Agostini and famous corners like Ballagarey, Ballacraine
and Brandywell -- and you'll see just why a little rock in the Irish Sea becomes
so popular every year in June.

CAPTION: Flying high: Ryan Farquhar always looks forward to the Isle of Man TT

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BT


                Copyright 2010 Belfast Telegraph Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              597 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                               Belfast Telegraph

                             May 29, 2010 Saturday
                                 Derry Edition

Why bikers will flock to the rock

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 50

LENGTH: 543 words


The 103rd Isle of Man TT Races get underway later today with the opening
practice sessions, on the most arduous 37.73-miles of public roads in the world
-- regarded by many as the ultimate test of man and machine. But what makes it
so special?

It all started back in 1907. Edwardian machines lapped the course at less than
40mph with riders carrying spare inner tubes around their necks and pockets full
of replacement spark plugs.

The inaugural winner was London-born Charlie Collier lifting the magnificent
Mouzilly de St Mars Tourist Trophy for his performance on a single cylinder
Matchless.

Ironically, the very same trophy will be presented to the Senior TT winner on
June 11, with speeds now in excess of 130mph.

Collier remains an iconic figure in the annals of TT history; a pioneer if you
like, for his racing peers over the next century.

Many great riders have taken on the challenge of the famous Mountain Circuit,
but no individual mastered it better, than the late, great William Joseph
Dunlop, MBE OBE, with a virtually unassailable 26 TT victories.

On the eve of the tenth anniversary of Joey's untimely death in Tallinn,
Estonia, in the Millennium year, the Island still pays homage to its favourite
adopted son.

But a new breed of up-and-coming and established Irish combatant will take up
this year's challenge, looking to emulate that famous and iconic yellow helmet.

21-year-old Michael Dunlop is currently Northern Ireland's hottest young talent,
and having already taken his debut win just twelve months ago in the Supersport
class, the stockily built and super-confident youngster will be looking to add
to his tally this year.

One of the more experienced local riders competing at this year's event is
34-year-old Ryan Farquhar from Dungannon.

The Ulsterman, who has two TT victories on his Curriculum Vitae, is regarded as
the most meticulous privateer of his generation, not to mention the most
successful of all time on the Irish national scene.

And he too, as you would expect, is a TT purist.

"I wouldn't say it's just the TT I love, it's the circuit and the place in
general: 37 and a half miles of unspoiled roads and whether it be the TT or the
Manx Grand Prix, there's simply no better place to stand on a podium," he
explained.

"There's no better buzz than setting off down Bray Hill on that first lap, and
apart from surface improvements, the circuit remains virtually unchanged for
over 100 years.

"If everything clicks here it can be the best pace in the world, but it can also
be the worse -- that's why we all love the challenge of the Mountain Course."

The TT, dubbed by motorcycling enthusiasts as 'the most famous seven days in
June' is more than just a motorcycle festival. It has become a way of life for
40,000 travelling fans from all over the globe, and let's be honest, it's not
the easiest place to get to.

Mad Sunday, Ramsey Sprint, the Purple Helmets, Bushy's beer and even naked
bikers on the promenade; add to that racing legends like Mike Hailwood, Bob
McIntyre and Giacomo Agostini and famous corners like Ballagarey, Ballacraine
and Brandywell -- and you'll see just why a little rock in the Irish Sea becomes
so popular every year in June.

CAPTION: Flying high: Ryan Farquhar always looks forward to the Isle of Man TT

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BT


                Copyright 2010 Belfast Telegraph Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              598 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                               Belfast Telegraph

                             May 29, 2010 Saturday
                                 First Edition

Why bikers will flock to the rock

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 50

LENGTH: 543 words


The 103rd Isle of Man TT Races get underway later today with the opening
practice sessions, on the most arduous 37.73-miles of public roads in the world
-- regarded by many as the ultimate test of man and machine. But what makes it
so special?

It all started back in 1907. Edwardian machines lapped the course at less than
40mph with riders carrying spare inner tubes around their necks and pockets full
of replacement spark plugs.

The inaugural winner was London-born Charlie Collier lifting the magnificent
Mouzilly de St Mars Tourist Trophy for his performance on a single cylinder
Matchless.

Ironically, the very same trophy will be presented to the Senior TT winner on
June 11, with speeds now in excess of 130mph.

Collier remains an iconic figure in the annals of TT history; a pioneer if you
like, for his racing peers over the next century.

Many great riders have taken on the challenge of the famous Mountain Circuit,
but no individual mastered it better, than the late, great William Joseph
Dunlop, MBE OBE, with a virtually unassailable 26 TT victories.

On the eve of the tenth anniversary of Joey's untimely death in Tallinn,
Estonia, in the Millennium year, the Island still pays homage to its favourite
adopted son.

But a new breed of up-and-coming and established Irish combatant will take up
this year's challenge, looking to emulate that famous and iconic yellow helmet.

21-year-old Michael Dunlop is currently Northern Ireland's hottest young talent,
and having already taken his debut win just twelve months ago in the Supersport
class, the stockily built and super-confident youngster will be looking to add
to his tally this year.

One of the more experienced local riders competing at this year's event is
34-year-old Ryan Farquhar from Dungannon.

The Ulsterman, who has two TT victories on his Curriculum Vitae, is regarded as
the most meticulous privateer of his generation, not to mention the most
successful of all time on the Irish national scene.

And he too, as you would expect, is a TT purist.

"I wouldn't say it's just the TT I love, it's the circuit and the place in
general: 37 and a half miles of unspoiled roads and whether it be the TT or the
Manx Grand Prix, there's simply no better place to stand on a podium," he
explained.

"There's no better buzz than setting off down Bray Hill on that first lap, and
apart from surface improvements, the circuit remains virtually unchanged for
over 100 years.

"If everything clicks here it can be the best pace in the world, but it can also
be the worse -- that's why we all love the challenge of the Mountain Course."

The TT, dubbed by motorcycling enthusiasts as 'the most famous seven days in
June' is more than just a motorcycle festival. It has become a way of life for
40,000 travelling fans from all over the globe, and let's be honest, it's not
the easiest place to get to.

Mad Sunday, Ramsey Sprint, the Purple Helmets, Bushy's beer and even naked
bikers on the promenade; add to that racing legends like Mike Hailwood, Bob
McIntyre and Giacomo Agostini and famous corners like Ballagarey, Ballacraine
and Brandywell -- and you'll see just why a little rock in the Irish Sea becomes
so popular every year in June.

CAPTION: Flying high: Ryan Farquhar always looks forward to the Isle of Man TT

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BT


                Copyright 2010 Belfast Telegraph Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              599 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               Croydon Advertiser

                               December 11, 2009

Two wins send macalister up

SECTION: Pg. 58

LENGTH: 153  words


Angus MacAlister collected two wins from two races as the road race season drew
to a close.

The Norwood Paragon cyclist has secured promotion to the first category after
his double triumph, the first of which came at the Category 2/3 race at SERRL's
Winter Series Round Four on Hog Hill in Essex.

MacAlister powered away from the group in the closing laps on the blustery
circuit and built up a 500-metre lead, only to puncture his rear tyre. But he
had a spare wheel and passed the lead group again to win and secure 10 of the 13
points he needed for promotion.

At Round Five the next day at the Fowlmead Circuit in Kent, gale force winds and
driving rain hampered the small field.

MacAlister only needed to come seventh for his three points but went with two
Activ Cycles team riders when they made a decisive break.

The Paragon rider jumped with a lap and a half left and although he was pursued
by Duffield, held on to win.

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 297


                    Copyright 2009 Northcliffe Media Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              600 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                              The Sentinel (Stoke)

                              June 8, 2009 Monday

Danger race tempts Carl to make a TT return

BYLINE: motorcycling

SECTION: Pg. 43

LENGTH: 357 words


Alsager rider Carl Salvage has vowed to make up for lost time as he prepares to
risk life and limb for the second time running at the Isle of Man Tourist
Trophy.

Savage made his TT debut 12 months ago during the lightweight event at the
notoriously dangerous Billown circuit and will return to the same venue this
year for the races on Saturday.

Damage to the power valve of his Yamaha bike curtailed him to the back of the
grid with Salvage the last rider home in 16th on the 4.25-mile circuit.

And while admitting he achieved what he set out to do last year, the
Staffordshire flyer insists he won't be content until he is running in the top
10 this year.

"I went into the Lightweight TT race last year with a bit of confidence but we
had a problem with the power valve and that stopped us getting any speed," said
Salvage.

"I finished, which was what we came to the island to do,  but  it was just a bit
of shame I didn't push any higher than 16th.

"The TT is something a bit different and something I have always wanted to do.
Last year was a bit frustrating but I hope to put that straight this year.

"It was my first year so hopefully with a year of experience I can push on
better and get in the top 15, if not the top 10."

Salvage dipped his toe in the road racing water at last month's North West 200
but initial bike problems meant he struggled around the Northern Ireland
circuit.

Torrential wind and rain also played its part as Salvage came home 21st, but the
Alsager ace is adamant the TT will be a completely different story.

"I had a few problems with the bike and we will have to get some new kit barrels
for the race at Billown," added Salvage.

"In England you are treated just like a number but at the Isle of Man things are
a lot different and they welcome you with open arms.

"When you ride around tracks like Oulton Park or Donington Park you are just
testing yourself whereas the races on the island test the rider and the bike."

HIGHLIGHTS of the 2009 TT races will be shown every evening on ITV4. For further
information on TT races go to http://www.iomtt.com or for details on visiting
the island go to http://www.visitisleofman.com

LOAD-DATE: June 9, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 51


                      Copyright 2009 The Sentinel (Stoke)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              601 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                              The Sentinel (Stoke)

                              June 8, 2009 Monday

Danger race tempts Carl to make a TT return

BYLINE: motorcycling

SECTION: Pg. 43

LENGTH: 357 words


Alsager rider Carl Salvage has vowed to make up for lost time as he prepares to
risk life and limb for the second time running at the Isle of Man Tourist
Trophy.

Savage made his TT debut 12 months ago during the lightweight event at the
notoriously dangerous Billown circuit and will return to the same venue this
year for the races on Saturday.

Damage to the power valve of his Yamaha bike curtailed him to the back of the
grid with Salvage the last rider home in 16th on the 4.25-mile circuit.

And while admitting he achieved what he set out to do last year, the
Staffordshire flyer insists he won't be content until he is running in the top
10 this year.

"I went into the Lightweight TT race last year with a bit of confidence but we
had a problem with the power valve and that stopped us getting any speed," said
Salvage.

"I finished, which was what we came to the island to do,  but  it was just a bit
of shame I didn't push any higher than 16th.

"The TT is something a bit different and something I have always wanted to do.
Last year was a bit frustrating but I hope to put that straight this year.

"It was my first year so hopefully with a year of experience I can push on
better and get in the top 15, if not the top 10."

Salvage dipped his toe in the road racing water at last month's North West 200
but initial bike problems meant he struggled around the Northern Ireland
circuit.

Torrential wind and rain also played its part as Salvage came home 21st, but the
Alsager ace is adamant the TT will be a completely different story.

"I had a few problems with the bike and we will have to get some new kit barrels
for the race at Billown," added Salvage.

"In England you are treated just like a number but at the Isle of Man things are
a lot different and they welcome you with open arms.

"When you ride around tracks like Oulton Park or Donington Park you are just
testing yourself whereas the races on the island test the rider and the bike."

HIGHLIGHTS of the 2009 TT races will be shown every evening on ITV4. For further
information on TT races go to http://www.iomtt.com or for details on visiting
the island go to http://www.visitisleofman.com

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 51


                      Copyright 2009 The Sentinel (Stoke)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              602 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                              The Sentinel (Stoke)

                              June 8, 2009 Monday

Danger race tempts Carl to make a TT return

BYLINE: motorcycling

SECTION: Pg. 43

LENGTH: 357 words


Alsager rider Carl Salvage has vowed to make up for lost time as he prepares to
risk life and limb for the second time running at the Isle of Man Tourist
Trophy.

Savage made his TT debut 12 months ago during the lightweight event at the
notoriously dangerous Billown circuit and will return to the same venue this
year for the races on Saturday.

Damage to the power valve of his Yamaha bike curtailed him to the back of the
grid with Salvage the last rider home in 16th on the 4.25-mile circuit.

And while admitting he achieved what he set out to do last year, the
Staffordshire flyer insists he won't be content until he is running in the top
10 this year.

"I went into the Lightweight TT race last year with a bit of confidence but we
had a problem with the power valve and that stopped us getting any speed," said
Salvage.

"I finished, which was what we came to the island to do,  but  it was just a bit
of shame I didn't push any higher than 16th.

"The TT is something a bit different and something I have always wanted to do.
Last year was a bit frustrating but I hope to put that straight this year.

"It was my first year so hopefully with a year of experience I can push on
better and get in the top 15, if not the top 10."

Salvage dipped his toe in the road racing water at last month's North West 200
but initial bike problems meant he struggled around the Northern Ireland
circuit.

Torrential wind and rain also played its part as Salvage came home 21st, but the
Alsager ace is adamant the TT will be a completely different story.

"I had a few problems with the bike and we will have to get some new kit barrels
for the race at Billown," added Salvage.

"In England you are treated just like a number but at the Isle of Man things are
a lot different and they welcome you with open arms.

"When you ride around tracks like Oulton Park or Donington Park you are just
testing yourself whereas the races on the island test the rider and the bike."

HIGHLIGHTS of the 2009 TT races will be shown every evening on ITV4. For further
information on TT races go to http://www.iomtt.com or for details on visiting
the island go to http://www.visitisleofman.com

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 51


                      Copyright 2009 The Sentinel (Stoke)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              603 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            Derby Evening Telegraph

                              June 1, 2009 Monday

Formula one star has grand prix doubts about Donington

BYLINE: CAROLINE JONES

SECTION: Pg. 16

LENGTH: 434 words


Formula One star Mark Webber has hailed Donington Park as an "incredible bike
circuit" - but has expressed his doubts about it hosting next year's British
Grand Prix.

The 32-year-old driver said moving the annual race from its current home, in
Silverstone, to Donington in 2010 could be taking a step backwards for the
Formula One drivers.

But the Australian, who competes for the Red Bull Racing team, said the circuit,
which he visited on Saturday, was a brilliant venue for motorcycles and has fond
memories of riding there.

Mr Webber said: "I really love Donington, it's a very nice track and I know it
well.

"Obviously, moving the race to Donington has not been straightforward
financially but, from a drivers' perspective, it seems strange to switch them.

"Donington is good for bikes, Silverstone is good for cars and I'm not too sure
how good it will be the other way around.

"It's almost like taking a step backwards because the circuits work really well
as they are now."

He spoke after completing a 60-mile cycling challenge at Donington Park, part of
the national Bike Radar Live event at the racetrack this weekend, attended by
around 10,000.

Mr Webber was among more than 600 people taking part in the Cycling Plus
Sportives challenge, which saw riders of all abilities take on 60 or 100-mile
circuits.

He took three-and-a-half hours to complete the 60-mile course, which started and
finished at Donington Park and snaked through the Peak District.

He said: "It was a fantastic ride and a beautiful course, so it was good to do
it with some friends and I was lucky I could fit it around my Formula One
schedule.

"I'm a keen rider and, next month, I'm taking part in a 90-mile ride around
Buckinghamshire."

The two-day show allowed visitors to take part in endurance races, watch stunt
displays and line up against professional and celebrity riders.

Many camped overnight with music entertainment, a skills school for youngsters
and the chance to watch off-road bike films.

Christine Chilton, 40, of Littleover, went to the event with her husband, Nick,
39, and her sons, Ben, five, and Otto, three.

She said: "We're a really enthusiastic cycling family - the boys cycle to school
every day and  Nick and myself have often taken part in local races.

"It's great to see such talented riders close up."

Linda Matthews, 51, of Lichfield, who came with her family, said: "We've never
been to any bike show like this before and we've had a brilliant time."

Alistair Hand, 48, of Loughborough, said: "Seeing top professionals race and
trying all the different types of bikes has been an absolute highlight for me."

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 42


                     Copyright 2009 Derby Evening Telegraph
                              All Rights Reserved


                              604 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            Derby Evening Telegraph

                              June 1, 2009 Monday

Formula one star has grand prix doubts about Donington

BYLINE: CAROLINE JONES

SECTION: Pg. 16

LENGTH: 434 words


Formula One star Mark Webber has hailed Donington Park as an "incredible bike
circuit" - but has expressed his doubts about it hosting next year's British
Grand Prix.

The 32-year-old driver said moving the annual race from its current home, in
Silverstone, to Donington in 2010 could be taking a step backwards for the
Formula One drivers.

But the Australian, who competes for the Red Bull Racing team, said the circuit,
which he visited on Saturday, was a brilliant venue for motorcycles and has fond
memories of riding there.

Mr Webber said: "I really love Donington, it's a very nice track and I know it
well.

"Obviously, moving the race to Donington has not been straightforward
financially but, from a drivers' perspective, it seems strange to switch them.

"Donington is good for bikes, Silverstone is good for cars and I'm not too sure
how good it will be the other way around.

"It's almost like taking a step backwards because the circuits work really well
as they are now."

He spoke after completing a 60-mile cycling challenge at Donington Park, part of
the national Bike Radar Live event at the racetrack this weekend, attended by
around 10,000.

Mr Webber was among more than 600 people taking part in the Cycling Plus
Sportives challenge, which saw riders of all abilities take on 60 or 100-mile
circuits.

He took three-and-a-half hours to complete the 60-mile course, which started and
finished at Donington Park and snaked through the Peak District.

He said: "It was a fantastic ride and a beautiful course, so it was good to do
it with some friends and I was lucky I could fit it around my Formula One
schedule.

"I'm a keen rider and, next month, I'm taking part in a 90-mile ride around
Buckinghamshire."

The two-day show allowed visitors to take part in endurance races, watch stunt
displays and line up against professional and celebrity riders.

Many camped overnight with music entertainment, a skills school for youngsters
and the chance to watch off-road bike films.

Christine Chilton, 40, of Littleover, went to the event with her husband, Nick,
39, and her sons, Ben, five, and Otto, three.

She said: "We're a really enthusiastic cycling family - the boys cycle to school
every day and  Nick and myself have often taken part in local races.

"It's great to see such talented riders close up."

Linda Matthews, 51, of Lichfield, who came with her family, said: "We've never
been to any bike show like this before and we've had a brilliant time."

Alistair Hand, 48, of Loughborough, said: "Seeing top professionals race and
trying all the different types of bikes has been an absolute highlight for me."

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 42


                     Copyright 2009 Derby Evening Telegraph
                              All Rights Reserved


                              605 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                Hull Daily Mail

                               May 1, 2009 Friday

What's that coming round the track ... A monster

SECTION: Pg. 26

LENGTH: 584 words


Having passed my motorcycle test in September last year, I had not ridden since,
so an invitation to attend the Motorcycle Industry Association's test day was an
opportunity not to be missed.

The event was held at Bedford Autodrome, which is owned by ex-Formula One driver
and owner of several race circuits under the Motorsport Vision banner, including
the Lincolnshire race track Cadwell Park -  Dr Jonathan Palmer.

The day saw the majority of bike manufacturers gathered together in one place,
along with what seemed like most of the country's police motorcycle riders who
accompanied journalists and invited guests on various road routes.

All the latest machines were there, from budget scooters to expensive
superbikes.

Being a new and inexperienced rider, I was a bit nervous about getting back in
the saddle, but a friendly bike cop called Colin from the Metropolitan Police -
fresh from his G20 summit duties in London - was keen to help me get back into
the swing of things.

"What have you done so far?" he asked.

I explained my biking history, which didn't take long.

"Don't worry, mate, follow me, we'll take it nice and steady, stop and have a
chat after a while, and then do a bit more.

"When you're feeling comfortable, I'll follow you for a bit, and we'll see how
we go from there," he said.

So, with a Triumph Speed Triple R at my disposal - a "nice next step" as the
Triumph representative described it - and with my own police outrider leading
the way, off we tentatively set around the highways and byways of Bedfordshire.

Colin, riding a fully-marked BMW police bike, led the way at first.

And after some time I began to feel more at home on a motorcycle again.

On our return to the Triumph stand, I was glad to be able to hand the bike back
in one piece.

But then came the debrief from Colin. Thankfully, he was quite complimentary.

Apart from the obvious issues of getting used to a strange bike, my riding had
been of a reasonable standard.

He said my road positioning (I just copied what he was doing in the first stint)
had been good, my observations were okay and everything else, although in need
of a bit of polish, was fine.

Relieved, and beginning to feel a bit more like a biker again, I then tried a
couple of scooters on the slowest of the three circuits available to the riders
of varying experience.

There were abilities across the spectrum, from people doing their CBT courses
right up to expert riders on a high-speed circuit.

After lunch, I went out for another road ride with a different bike cop.

The pace was a bit quicker this time, but my new-found confidence and dry roads
helped me to keep up.

The rest of the day was spent on short rides on the circuits.

I tried a Buell, a Yamaha and a Ducati Monster -  even surprising myself when my
expensive Italian leather motorcycle boot touched the track on a corner -  I
wasn't expecting that!

I was careful not to go for anything too scary or difficult to ride, though.

My last ride of the day saw me venture on to the intermediate circuit again on a
new Suzuki.

After a few laps of getting used to the bike and building up my speed, I got a
good run out of the slowest corner on to the longest straight, and opened up the
bike.

And for the first time in my riding career I broke the 100mph barrier, with the
machine's digital display showing 108mph before I gently but firmly applied the
brakes for a chicane.

Event organiser Simon Small, from the MCI, declared the day a resounding success
and said he would be back again next year.

So will I.

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 88


                         Copyright 2009 Hull Daily Mail
                              All Rights Reserved


                              606 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                Hull Daily Mail

                               May 1, 2009 Friday

What's that coming round the track ... A monster

SECTION: Pg. 26

LENGTH: 584 words


Having passed my motorcycle test in September last year, I had not ridden since,
so an invitation to attend the Motorcycle Industry Association's test day was an
opportunity not to be missed.

The event was held at Bedford Autodrome, which is owned by ex-Formula One driver
and owner of several race circuits under the Motorsport Vision banner, including
the Lincolnshire race track Cadwell Park -  Dr Jonathan Palmer.

The day saw the majority of bike manufacturers gathered together in one place,
along with what seemed like most of the country's police motorcycle riders who
accompanied journalists and invited guests on various road routes.

All the latest machines were there, from budget scooters to expensive
superbikes.

Being a new and inexperienced rider, I was a bit nervous about getting back in
the saddle, but a friendly bike cop called Colin from the Metropolitan Police -
fresh from his G20 summit duties in London - was keen to help me get back into
the swing of things.

"What have you done so far?" he asked.

I explained my biking history, which didn't take long.

"Don't worry, mate, follow me, we'll take it nice and steady, stop and have a
chat after a while, and then do a bit more.

"When you're feeling comfortable, I'll follow you for a bit, and we'll see how
we go from there," he said.

So, with a Triumph Speed Triple R at my disposal - a "nice next step" as the
Triumph representative described it - and with my own police outrider leading
the way, off we tentatively set around the highways and byways of Bedfordshire.

Colin, riding a fully-marked BMW police bike, led the way at first.

And after some time I began to feel more at home on a motorcycle again.

On our return to the Triumph stand, I was glad to be able to hand the bike back
in one piece.

But then came the debrief from Colin. Thankfully, he was quite complimentary.

Apart from the obvious issues of getting used to a strange bike, my riding had
been of a reasonable standard.

He said my road positioning (I just copied what he was doing in the first stint)
had been good, my observations were okay and everything else, although in need
of a bit of polish, was fine.

Relieved, and beginning to feel a bit more like a biker again, I then tried a
couple of scooters on the slowest of the three circuits available to the riders
of varying experience.

There were abilities across the spectrum, from people doing their CBT courses
right up to expert riders on a high-speed circuit.

After lunch, I went out for another road ride with a different bike cop.

The pace was a bit quicker this time, but my new-found confidence and dry roads
helped me to keep up.

The rest of the day was spent on short rides on the circuits.

I tried a Buell, a Yamaha and a Ducati Monster -  even surprising myself when my
expensive Italian leather motorcycle boot touched the track on a corner -  I
wasn't expecting that!

I was careful not to go for anything too scary or difficult to ride, though.

My last ride of the day saw me venture on to the intermediate circuit again on a
new Suzuki.

After a few laps of getting used to the bike and building up my speed, I got a
good run out of the slowest corner on to the longest straight, and opened up the
bike.

And for the first time in my riding career I broke the 100mph barrier, with the
machine's digital display showing 108mph before I gently but firmly applied the
brakes for a chicane.

Event organiser Simon Small, from the MCI, declared the day a resounding success
and said he would be back again next year.

So will I.

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 88


                         Copyright 2009 Hull Daily Mail
                              All Rights Reserved


                              607 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               Somerset Guardian

                                October 30, 2008

Bikers' track day a bid to prevent road deaths

SECTION: Pg. 21

LENGTH: 181 words


Bikers from across Somerset have teamed up with a leading racing circuit in an
attempt  to prevent motorcycle deaths and injuries on the county's roads.

Twelve bikers have taken part in one of the regular track days at Castle Combe
Circuit in a pilot scheme which could be rolled out to local authorities
throughout the South West.

The project was such a success that the county's road safety team says it will
book more riders to take part in two motorcycle track days at Castle Combe next
year.

The initiative was launched by Jim Newman, Somerset motorcycle road safety
co-ordinator. He organised the track day session for riders to have a full day
of skills instruction, supervised by three advanced riding instructors.

They practised braking, cornering and slow speed control in a  training area,
and had supervised training at higher speeds on the circuit.

Mr Newman said it had been a big help in improving skills: "Last year, 10
motorcyclists were killed and 62 riders were seriously injured in crashes in
Somerset.

"Any action that we can take that reduces this toll has to be worthwhile."

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 72


                    Copyright 2008 Northcliffe Media Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              608 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               Somerset Guardian

                                October 30, 2008

Bikers' track day a bid to prevent road deaths

SECTION: Pg. 21

LENGTH: 181 words


Bikers from across Somerset have teamed up with a leading racing circuit in an
attempt  to prevent motorcycle deaths and injuries on the county's roads.

Twelve bikers have taken part in one of the regular track days at Castle Combe
Circuit in a pilot scheme which could be rolled out to local authorities
throughout the South West.

The project was such a success that the county's road safety team says it will
book more riders to take part in two motorcycle track days at Castle Combe next
year.

The initiative was launched by Jim Newman, Somerset motorcycle road safety
co-ordinator. He organised the track day session for riders to have a full day
of skills instruction, supervised by three advanced riding instructors.

They practised braking, cornering and slow speed control in a  training area,
and had supervised training at higher speeds on the circuit.

Mr Newman said it had been a big help in improving skills: "Last year, 10
motorcyclists were killed and 62 riders were seriously injured in crashes in
Somerset.

"Any action that we can take that reduces this toll has to be worthwhile."

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 72


                    Copyright 2008 Northcliffe Media Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              609 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               Somerset Guardian

                           October 30, 2008 Thursday

Bikers' track day a bid to prevent road deaths

SECTION: Pg. 21

LENGTH: 181 words


Bikers from across Somerset have teamed up with a leading racing circuit in an
attempt  to prevent motorcycle deaths and injuries on the county's roads.

Twelve bikers have taken part in one of the regular track days at Castle Combe
Circuit in a pilot scheme which could be rolled out to local authorities
throughout the South West.

The project was such a success that the county's road safety team says it will
book more riders to take part in two motorcycle track days at Castle Combe next
year.

The initiative was launched by Jim Newman, Somerset motorcycle road safety
co-ordinator. He organised the track day session for riders to have a full day
of skills instruction, supervised by three advanced riding instructors.

They practised braking, cornering and slow speed control in a  training area,
and had supervised training at higher speeds on the circuit.

Mr Newman said it had been a big help in improving skills: "Last year, 10
motorcyclists were killed and 62 riders were seriously injured in crashes in
Somerset.

"Any action that we can take that reduces this toll has to be worthwhile."

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 72


                    Copyright 2008 Northcliffe Media Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              610 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                            October 21, 2008 Tuesday

New drawcard needed

BYLINE: Arnaz M. Khairul

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 61

LENGTH: 317 words


WITH one dominant icon, no Malaysian rider for a fourth consecutive year and
dwindling crowds, the Malaysian Motorcycle Grand Prix is in dire need of
inspiration.

There is no arguing that Valentino Rossi (pic), who equalled the legendary Mick
Doohan's record five premier class wins in Malaysia with his ninth win of the
season at the Sepang Circuit on Sunday, is the main crowd puller.

What about life after Rossi, who is already 29? Half the 30,000 fans at the
circuit on Sunday were decked in wear blazing number 46.

The Sepang International Circuit (SIC) believes the presence of a Malaysian
rider, even as a wildcard entry, would soothe some of these worries, but in
earnest, the following for the World Motorcycle Championship is dwindling in
Malaysia.

"It is my home grand prix next, and there is some extra motivation there, riding
in front of a packed stadium," Repsol Honda's Spaniard Dani Pedrosa said of the
final round in Valencia, Spain in two weeks.

There are three Spaniards in the MotoGP class and a string of up and coming
youngsters in the 250cc and 125cc classes. More than enough to drive ticket
sales on patriotism alone.

It cannot be merely a wildcard entry anymore, Malaysia needs a team, a rider,
contesting the entire championship.

An icon or two of our own, who fans can follow throughout the season.

Side events and activities alone, even on a more elaborate scale as produced by
SIC this year, have not done much.

Critics are warming up for the A1GP Malaysia next month just to drive home the
effect of patriotic pull.

Fairuz Fauzy has driven A1 Team Malaysia into the championship lead with an
explosive performance in the opening leg in Zandvoort two weeks ago and after
the round in Chengdu, China next week, should expect a warm welcome at the
team's home GP.

Inevitably, fans SIC hopes to attract will be sports fans, and sports fans are
more often than not, undeniably patriotic.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2008 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad
                              All Rights Reserved


                              611 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           West Sussex Country Times

                                 August 1, 2008

MOTORCYCLING: Ryan casts his eye over new circuit

LENGTH: 306  words


Farquhar joined club chairman Bill Kennedy at the circuit on Thursday to give
his views on the course, which commences on the Hillside Road and takes in the
Lagge and Glenshesk Roads before returning the start/finish area at Hillside
Road.It was originally suggested that the course would run in a clockwise
direction but following yesterday&#39;s meeting between Farquhar and officials
of the Armoy Club, negotiating the circuit in an anti-clockwise direction may
now be a more safer and viable alternative.As Farquhar pointed out, this would
eliminate the need for a potential chicane to slow riders down on a fast, 160mph
section of the course approaching a jump, which is then followed by a quick
right-hander. Farquhar said: &#34;Running in a clockwise direction, there&#39;s
a section of the course approaching a jump and then a very fast right-hander
that could pose safety problems. &#34;If the course was going in this direction
then I think a chicane would be needed to slow the riders down otherwise it may
not be passed by the Roads Inspection Committee but if you go around the circuit
in an anti-clockwise direction that section of the course won&#39;t be a
problem.&#34;Having seen the circuit and completed a number of laps of it in
both directions I&#39;m definitely in favour of it running in an anti-clockwise
direction, because it would make life a lot easier for the club and the
riders,&#34; he added.Kennedy, who is the chairman of the organising Armoy club,
said he was open to the suggestion of changing the direction of the circuit
after seeking Farquhar&#39;s advice.&#34;You need to take the views of the
riders on board because they are the people who matter most after all,&#34; he
said.It is hoped that the first Armoy meeting will be held on a date to be
confirmed in August 2009, possibly before the UGP.

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              612 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            Scarborough Evening News

                                 July 28, 2008

Oliver's Mount motocycle circuit goes virtual! New Playstation Game features our
famous track: VIDEO

LENGTH: 445  words


VIRTUAL racers can now test their skills on Scarborough's famous race circuit as
Oliver's Mount appears on a new superbike computer game.

The 2.34-mile circuit is one of seven to feature on the Real Road Racing
Championship game, produced by Jester Interactive Publishing for the PlayStation
2.

Mount race organiser Peter Hillaby said: "The makers of the game have been
working on it with us for a number of years. It is really good and very
realistic. It is going to be a huge benefit for the riders that come here
because they will be able to practise the track before hand.

"Also this game is going to be sold world wide so a lot of interest will be
generated in the track, which can only be a good thing."

Dave Bliston from Jester explains why the track was chosen to feature on the
game, which is advertised as letting gamers "test their skills on the world's
most demanding courses".

He said: "We took a look at the Oliver's Mount track from two perspectives; one
from the spectators and the other from the riders themselves.

"Firstly from a riders perspective it is a difficult track to race, with its
tight corners, steep uphill sections and rollercoaster jumps. The circuit is
testing for even the best riders, and that is what makes Oliver's Mount so
unique. Also because of this difficulty it all adds up to great game play, and
game players see games like this as inspirational. This will be the closest
thing to actually jumping on a bike and racing the circuit.

"From a spectators perspective it is a great spectator event and is known across
the country for excellent racing. We knew that it would be a popular real road
circuit to include, if not the only real road racing event in England.

"In addition, Oliver's Mount has attracted some world famous racers, such as
Barry Sheene and Carl Fogarty amongst many others who have all raced there in
their careers. Oliver's Mount just had to be in the game without question."

The game is a follow up to the hugely popular TT Superbikes game, and also
features the Isle of Man TT course, the Southern 100 circuit, the North West
200, the Ulster Grand Prix, Macau, and Aberdare Park.

Ian Lougher, winner of 103 races at Oliver's Mount, said: "The programme is well
worth the wait. I think the attention to detail on the game is fantastic. The
effort that has gone in to ensure the realism of the tracks is astounding. The
game offers a real challenge to hard core gamers, while also giving race
competitors and fans a perfect opportunity to learn the circuit."

The game went on sale earlier this month. To watch a clip of the game and judge
for yourself the likeness to Oliver's Mount visit
www.scarborougheveningnews.co.uk

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              613 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                              Your Local Guardian

                                 July 16, 2008

Rea proves an all-weather star in Czech Republic

BYLINE: Jon Clark

SECTION: MOTORSPORT

LENGTH: 518 words


Although changeable weather conditions prevented any serious attack on lap
times, Epsom motorcycle racer Gino Rea last week completed a very successful
three-day test at the Czech Republic circuit of Brno, ahead of his sixth-round
race in the European Superstock 600 Championship which takes place at the track
this weekend.

Having to contend with a constantly-changing mixture of sunshine and showers,
the 18-year-old, who rides a Yamaha R6 for the StoneBaker racing team, took the
opportunity to refamiliarise himself with the 3.4-mile circuit and dial in the
suspension and gearing settings of his machine to cope with a range of
conditions come the race - wet or dry.

Rea lies seventh in the Superstock 600 championship. With five rounds remaining
and a maximum of 125 points up for grabs, there's still all to play for come the
season's finale in November.

He said: "We have had a successful test and have found a good setting so I am
confident for the race.

"Today we made slight suspension changes which were positive and also cured the
tyre wear problem which many people seem to suffer from around here.

"Despite the rain and amount of traffic on the track, we still managed to put in
our fastest times of the three days this morning and I am looking forward to our
race here on the weekend."

Rea and fellow StoneBaker riders Dan Linfoot found themselves up against some
unexpected competition while competing in a low-key endurance event at the Magny
Cours circuit in France on Saturday.

Along with a mixture of continental racers and road riders, seven-times F1 world
champion Michael Schumacher was also in attendance.

Their aim was to give both riders the opportunity to familiarise (or in the case
of Rea, refamiliarise) themselves with the 2.7-mile circuit ahead of their
appearance there at the penultimate round of the European Superstock 600
Championship in October.

The three days have comprised of open track time mixed in with short races.
Saturday's activities centred around a two-hour endurance race, which had to be
red-flagged and restarted towards its end.

The StoneBaker duo took the win, with both riders completing two half-hour
stints aboard their YZF-R6 Yamahas.

Schumacher, who has competed in several motorcycle events in his native Germany
this year, made a private entry riding a Honda Fireblade. The former F1 world
champion took the decision to retire after completing the first third of the
race with no problems.

There was further cheer for the team on Sunday when Rea won the Supersport race,
despite having to set off from the pit lane after being asked to remove his
bike's on-board camera just before the start.

Rea said: "Saturday was the best day for me with the endurance race win. There
were too many damp patches around the track throughout the test to concentrate
on lap times though.

"I had a good run round with Michael Schumacher during the qualifying session
and talked with him about lap times before we were due to go out on the track.
He seemed like a genuine guy and appeared to be enjoying himself."

To learn more about StoneBaker Racing, visit stonebakerracing.com

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              614 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         The Nelson Mail (New Zealand)

                              June 30, 2008 Monday

Coppins moves closer to lead

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 354 words


Yamaha Monster racer Josh Coppins won the eighth round of the FIM Motocross
championship in Teutschenthal, Germany today.

The Motueka rider powered his factory YZ450FM to two impressive race wins and
has closed to within four points of the MX1 championship lead at the halfway
mark of the season.

With 34,000 spectators turning out at the Talkessel circuit in perfect weather
conditions, Coppins lined up third on the start line for the first moto. He
exploded out of the gate and seemed to have the hole shot but German rider Maxi
Nagl unexpectedly came around outside him, allowing Billy MacKenzie to take the
lead on lap one.

Coppins quickly moved past Nagl and then put MacKenzie under pressure for the
lead. The Scot made a mistake a few laps later, and Coppins capitalised to take
control of the race. He rode consistently to the chequered flag to gain his
first moto win of the season.

The second moto saw fitness play a big role for the riders, as the track
conditions had deteriorated, making the circuit rough and demanding. Coppins
once again had a great jump out of the gate but lost out to MacKenzie and
Christophe Pourcel on the second turn.

The Frenchman went missing on lap three and Coppins soon moved past MacKenzie to
gain the lead. He rode a faultless race to take a double victory and his first
GP overall of the season.

"I just want to thank all the people who have supported me," Coppins said.
"Obviously the results at the start of the season were not what I expected or
what the team expected, but we knuckled down and worked even harder, and knew
that the results would come.

"The step for me never came in the races but in my training, working with my
mechanic, riding on the right tracks and working on the bike.

"I felt . . . that my riding was improving and that with the hard work we were
putting in, that it would bring us to the top step of the podium."

The double victory has rocketed Coppins to second in the championship, a mere
four points behind his Yamaha Monster team-mate David Philippaerts.

The ninth of 15 rounds will take Coppins to the picturesque circuit of Uddevalla
in Sweden next week.

LOAD-DATE: July 4, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                              615 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                Horncastle News

                                 March 28, 2008

I'm raring to go, says Spa race ace

LENGTH: 198  words


Woodhall Spa race ace Steve Plater says he is raring to go ahead of the opening
round of the British Superbikes at Brands Hatch next week.

The Woodhall Spa rider, who will race for AIM Yamaha for a second term, has had
a hectic winter of testing.

Plater, who was instructing at a race school in Spain last week, is looking
forward for the season to start at one of his favourite tracks.

"Brands Hatch is up there with the best of the circuits in the British Superbike
series" he said.

"It's a fast circuit, but at the same time, it's a little narrow so you have to
know what you are doing.

"There are some blind corners on the circuit and you have to attack them with
confidence."

As well as racing the bikes for AIM Yamaha he is also to be the team's race
co-ordinator this season.

Plater is also the third-choice rider for the team in the World Superbike
championship and will take over if one of the two regular riders suffers an
injury.

"Preparations are going quite well and we are confident we will be ready. The
bike is going well and the weather has been kind to us," he said.

"The team has been working hard and we are confident we should be competitive as
soon as the season gets going."

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              616 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            Berwickshire Advertiser

                                 March 6, 2008

Hand grabs victory in Gifford Road Race

LENGTH: 580  words


THE roads around Gifford were teeming with top class cyclists on Saturday when
the village was the headquarters for the Field and Lawn Goblin Ha' Road Races,
the first round of the Scottish Power Renewables Super Six Series, organised by
Edinburgh Road Club.

In blustery conditions, the veteran, women and lower category competitors
covered five laps of an eight mile circuit.

Several riders attempted to escape from the bunch at various stages of the race,
and as they passed through Gifford to start the final lap, Greig Walker of
Edinburgh Road Club looked to have established a winning lead.

However, the wind took its toll on the final circuit and he was reeled in,
leaving a group of 31 riders to battle it out for the top spot.

Veering left at the top of the main street and heading towards the finishing
line, Robert Kennedy of Glasgow Nightingale managed to establish a lead of two
length which he held to the line to chalk up a fine win with Niall Aitken (Pedal
Power) in second place and Ian Wilcox, an unattached rider, in third place.

Some of Scottish cycling's big names featured in the 80 man field for the main
event over eight laps, which was the second event on the programme.

Right from the first circuit, a group of eight riders set a cracking pace and
even at that early stage it was clear the winner would come from this bunch.

Scottish internationals Paul Rennie (Dooleys Cycles) and Gary Hand (Pedal Power)
were among the leaders, as was rising star Ross Creber (Science in Sport), a
Great Britain junior mountain bike international.

Hand was accompanied by three of his team mates - Gordon Murdoch, Paul Coats and
David Lines, with Tim Allan (GS Metro) and Jim Cusick (Glasgow Couriers) making
up the eight.

Hand and Murdoch made the decisive break on the climb to Brounshill on lap six
and powered away, reaching speeds of 40 miles per hour on the descent as they
quickly established a 20 second gap.

Although Creber and Coats joined them later on the circuit, West Lothian-based
Hand, who competed for Scotland in the Tour of Britain two years ago, showed his
class to storm around the last lap and come home 32 seconds clear of Murdoch,
who escaped from Creber on the final descent into Gifford, leaving the teenager
in third spot.

Afterwards, the winner paid tribute to the race organisers and the people of
East Lothian who had come out in large numbers to line the main street in
Gifford and take up vantage points at various points along the course.

He said, "It was tough into that headwind on the last few laps, and I was glad
to see the finish. I thought the race was superb. It was really well organised
and a great circuit."

A free barbeque on the village green allowed the riders to replenish their
energy levels and also gave villagers the chance to mingle, while highlights of
the race were shown on a big screen in the Goblin Ha' pub.

Without exception, the competitors and organisers were delighted with the way
the day had gone, setting a high standard for the next round, which takes place
at Wanlockhead next month and ensuring that Gifford will be high on the list of
potential venues for future races.

Results

Elite Event - 1. Gary Hand (pedalpower.org.uk/Endura RT), 2. Gordon Murdoch
(pedalpower.org.uk/Endura RT), 3. Ross Creber (Science in Sport), 4. Paul Rennie
(Dooleys Cycles), 5. Jim Cusick (Glasgow Couriers).

Support Event - 1. Robert Kennedy (Glasgow Nightingale), 2. Niall Aitken
(pedalpower.org.uk/Endura RT), 3. Ian Wilcox (unattached).

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              617 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            Berwickshire Advertiser

                                 March 6, 2008

Hand grabs victory in Gifford Road Race

LENGTH: 580  words


THE roads around Gifford were teeming with top class cyclists on Saturday when
the village was the headquarters for the Field and Lawn Goblin Ha' Road Races,
the first round of the Scottish Power Renewables Super Six Series, organised by
Edinburgh Road Club.

In blustery conditions, the veteran, women and lower category competitors
covered five laps of an eight mile circuit.

Several riders attempted to escape from the bunch at various stages of the race,
and as they passed through Gifford to start the final lap, Greig Walker of
Edinburgh Road Club looked to have established a winning lead.

However, the wind took its toll on the final circuit and he was reeled in,
leaving a group of 31 riders to battle it out for the top spot.

Veering left at the top of the main street and heading towards the finishing
line, Robert Kennedy of Glasgow Nightingale managed to establish a lead of two
length which he held to the line to chalk up a fine win with Niall Aitken (Pedal
Power) in second place and Ian Wilcox, an unattached rider, in third place.

Some of Scottish cycling's big names featured in the 80 man field for the main
event over eight laps, which was the second event on the programme.

Right from the first circuit, a group of eight riders set a cracking pace and
even at that early stage it was clear the winner would come from this bunch.

Scottish internationals Paul Rennie (Dooleys Cycles) and Gary Hand (Pedal Power)
were among the leaders, as was rising star Ross Creber (Science in Sport), a
Great Britain junior mountain bike international.

Hand was accompanied by three of his team mates - Gordon Murdoch, Paul Coats and
David Lines, with Tim Allan (GS Metro) and Jim Cusick (Glasgow Couriers) making
up the eight.

Hand and Murdoch made the decisive break on the climb to Brounshill on lap six
and powered away, reaching speeds of 40 miles per hour on the descent as they
quickly established a 20 second gap.

Although Creber and Coats joined them later on the circuit, West Lothian-based
Hand, who competed for Scotland in the Tour of Britain two years ago, showed his
class to storm around the last lap and come home 32 seconds clear of Murdoch,
who escaped from Creber on the final descent into Gifford, leaving the teenager
in third spot.

Afterwards, the winner paid tribute to the race organisers and the people of
East Lothian who had come out in large numbers to line the main street in
Gifford and take up vantage points at various points along the course.

He said, "It was tough into that headwind on the last few laps, and I was glad
to see the finish. I thought the race was superb. It was really well organised
and a great circuit."

A free barbeque on the village green allowed the riders to replenish their
energy levels and also gave villagers the chance to mingle, while highlights of
the race were shown on a big screen in the Goblin Ha' pub.

Without exception, the competitors and organisers were delighted with the way
the day had gone, setting a high standard for the next round, which takes place
at Wanlockhead next month and ensuring that Gifford will be high on the list of
potential venues for future races.

Results

Elite Event - 1. Gary Hand (pedalpower.org.uk/Endura RT), 2. Gordon Murdoch
(pedalpower.org.uk/Endura RT), 3. Ross Creber (Science in Sport), 4. Paul Rennie
(Dooleys Cycles), 5. Jim Cusick (Glasgow Couriers).

Support Event - 1. Robert Kennedy (Glasgow Nightingale), 2. Niall Aitken
(pedalpower.org.uk/Endura RT), 3. Ian Wilcox (unattached).

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              618 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                Driffield Times

                               September 10, 2007

Danny's finishing target

LENGTH: 338  words


AFTER his big crash at Mallory Park at the end of July, Driffield biker Danny
Harrison has set his sights on a new objective for the last five races of the
season - to finish the races and get some points on the board.

And after the 18-year-old finished in a solid 13th place at the Croft,
Darlington circuit a couple of weeks ago, Dan has shown that is exactly what he
is going to do.

Having said that, the young rider was quite happy to post his 13th place, which
was only four seconds worse off than the eighth place finisher, such is the
level of performance in the race series.

Next circuit on the agenda was over the Bank Holiday period when Dan travelled
to Cadwell Park in Lincolnshire. And though the Sunday practice session didn't
give him the confidence-boost he was after - he crashed out in the morning
session after 4 laps and had steering problems in the later qualifying - he did
better than expected on the spare bike, which was set up for another rider, and
despite running out of petrol did well enough to finish 15th of 23.

Monday race day brought a bumper crowd of around 35-40,000 to the Cadwell
circuit, with a lot of faces from Driffield attending, but Dan made a bad start,
dropping to 17th on the first lap. It took him six laps to get past the rider
immediately ahead of him, and with a gap of almost three seconds to the group in
front, reeling them in didn't look much of a prospect. But Dan got his head down
and charged and within three laps had caught and passed the group to go into
11th.

With only three laps remaining, Dan didn't have the opportunity to improve his
position further but felt reasonably satisfied with 11th.

Better starting would undoubtably improve his race positions in future but with
no bike of his own, and no chance to practice during meetings, Dan is hoping to
find a new sponsor in time for next season. Anyone interested can contact him on
(01377) 232696 or Stef on 256125.

o Dan's next outing is at Donington Park on September 22-23 - a track where he
hasn't raced previously.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              619 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                 Sunday Mercury

                            August 26, 2007, Sunday
                                 1 Star Edition

Hungry Rea sets the pace

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 65

LENGTH: 233 words


JONATHAN Rea fired a warning to his series-leading teammate Ryuichi Kiyonari
that he is the man to beat in the Bank Holiday Monday 11th round of the Bennetts
British Superbike Championship at Cadwell Park.

The 20-year-old Ballyclare rider makes no secret that he sees success in the
domestic title stakes as crucial to his hopes of graduation onto the world scene
next year and at the Lincolnshire circuit he increased the pressure on Kiyonari
by shattering the lap record.

Rea was on the pace from the off, setting his time of one minute 27.311 seconds
around the challenging circuit, almost half a second inside the record, in the
opening free practice session.

Then Rea worked on machine set-up during the afternoon in which the Japanese
rider closed within 0.275secs of him.

Kiyonari, who is bidding to retain the crown, holds a 26-point gap over Rea who
knows how important two race wins will be on Monday.

Rea said: " I need to win these races to keep pegging back on Kiyonari. I want
the title, that is what it is all about."

They might be fighting their own duel for supremacy, but the threat of Leon
Haslam cannot be ignored.

The Airwaves Ducati rider has a strong pedigree in recent visits to the circuit,
claiming pole starts and victories. He ran third fastest with a lap of 1:27.728.

"I'm looking forward to the races as this round is one of the few that I think
we can make it count," said Haslam.

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2007 Midland Independent Newspapers plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              620 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                              The Sentinel (Stoke)

                            August 9, 2007 Thursday

Byrne picks up crucial experience

SECTION: Pg. 37

LENGTH: 321 words


Sarah Byrne (Team Afford Rent-a-Car) competed in  the 2007 International Youth
Tour in Assen, Holland to gain experience and improve her speed through corners.

The competition among the 65 riders was high, with the national junior girls
teams from Switzerland, Germany, Norway and Holland all taking part.

Byrne was  pleased with her performance in the tour and gained a lot of
experience and  improved her cornering skills.

Events started on Monday with a 200m Prologue, followed by a criterium, which
was a circuit of seven laps of a 3km circuit.

Tuesday involved a 36km circuit race, while Wednesday saw a criterium - 22 laps
of a 1.8km circuit. A 60km road race took place on Thursday and Friday and
involved a time trial. The event was completed on Saturday with another
criterium, which, this time, was 12 laps of a 3km course.

Byrne finished in the top 20 of every event. On Tuesday, she broke away with a
group of five riders, but they were caught with a few laps to go.

All the races were fast with technical sections including cobbled sections and
very sharp corners.

The road race on Thursday was especially technical  and she was lucky not to
come down in a crash on the cobbles.

Although she was delayed, she chased to get back to the bunch, which saw he join
a group of 20 riders who broke away from the field.

This group stayed away, with the riders in Byrne's team doing most of the work
to keep the gap. This result moved her into an overall position of  18th.

Byrne did well in the time trial and was most grateful to Phil Griffiths, of
Yellow, who provided a time-trial bike for her to take to Assen.

She finished well up the field and managed to improve her overall  position in
the tour to 17th.

The last day was a very fast criterium, with many attacks. The course had a
number  of very tight bends, with yet another cobbled section. Byrne finished
well in the bunch, which again improved her overall position to 16th.

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 The Sentinel (Stoke)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              621 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                             Bromsgrove Advertiser

                            July 25, 2007 Wednesday

Young Wright holds firm to keep rival rookies at bay

SECTION: ROUND-UP

LENGTH: 362 words


THE weekend's horrendous weather conditions forced Blackwell's Alec Wright to
play it safe in the latest round of the British Superbikes GP125 series at
Mallory Park.

The 17-year-old began 14th on the grid at the Leicestershire circuit after
Friday's pre-practice and Saturday's qualifying fell victim to the weather,
meaning starting positions were determined by championship placings.

Wright was looking to put his torrid experience at Oulton Park behind him, where
he fell off his bike twice on his second race for Replicast UK Racing.

He made a confident start at Mallory, taking just one lap to work his way up to
eighth position.

He slipped back to 11th, before adopting a "safety first" approach to
consolidate his position in both the overall standings and the rookie riders'
Academy Cup table.

However, it could have been even better for Wright, were it not for an error on
the track's information screens.

The screens showed that he was the second placed Academy Cup rider in Sunday's
race, further influencing his decision to settle with his 11th position.

But it later emerged that there was an unmarked rider ahead of him, making him
the third placed rookie.

Wright said: "I could have gone for it and tried to improve my position.

"But my pit crew told me that there was only one Academy Cup rider ahead of me,
because that is what it said on the screen.

"So I decided to settle as I didn't want to risk it in the wet conditions."

The weekend's results leave Wright in joint 12th position in the overall
championship with 29 points, while he remains in second in the Academy Cup on
117 points - 11 behind leader Robbie Steward of KRP.

The next round of the series takes place at Croft on August 10, 11 and 12.

It is a circuit that Wright has yet to experience, and he admitted he still has
a lot to learn.

"I have never been there before but I tend to do well at the new circuits,"
added Wright.

"I knew Mallory Park but they had put in a new part at the circuit which made it
different for me."

"I am still learning and getting used to making the right tyre choices and
things like that.

"Also, I am still building my confidence so I am not expecting too much of
myself yet."

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2007 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              622 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                             The Gloucester Citizen

                             June 28, 2007 Thursday

Luckless parry endures tough run of fixtures

SECTION: Pg. 44

LENGTH: 227 words


Colin Parry had a tough time at the Portsmouth Circuits, where he failed to find
a top 10 place.

The race took place on the outdoor velodrome at Portsmouth and was for elite,
first and second category riders.

Parry made several attempts to get away from the main group, but he was
unsuccessful and ended up 15th in the sprint finish.

He was back in action the following day at the Tour of Carmarthenshire, where he
featured alongside Royal Dean team-mate Andrew Jones in a race for second, third
and fourth category riders.

The race was 60 miles with full race support, meaning that outriders, marshals
and a lead car gave it the feel of a top race.

The weather was warm and humid and plenty of hills tested the bunch on each
circuit.

Parry twice got in small breakaway groups but each time the main group closed
the gap.

Jones stayed in the main group for most of race and was well positioned for the
uphill finish.

He managed to break clear of the main group on the hill leading to the finish
and had the leaders in sight.

But he was unlucky because he did not see the 1km board and was unsure of
exactly where the finish line was.

Parry finished 10th with Jones not far behind.

l JOE and Sam Anstice of Coleford have been regulars at the Castle Coombe
Circuit the last few weeks.

Joe was first Under-14 rider in all three weeks and Sam has finished second,
third and fourth.

LOAD-DATE: June 29, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 The Gloucester Citizen
                              All Rights Reserved


                              623 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Express

                             June 16, 2007 Saturday
                                U.K. 1st Edition

Testing time for Toseland;
SUPERBIKES

BYLINE: By Dave Fern

SECTION: SPORT; 94

LENGTH: 227  words


BRITON James Toseland was left playing catch-up in first qualifying ahead of
tomorrow's eighth round of the World Championship at Misano as his rivals
capitalised on their earlier testing work at the revised Italian circuit.

Defending champion Troy Bayliss underlined the value of that, topping the
leaderboard with a lap of 1min 36.479sec, a little over a second ahead of
Toseland, who ran in seventh best.

Hannspree Honda rider Toseland, who currently holds a 23-point lead in the
series on fifth-placed Noriyuki Haga, said: "We're having to work hard because
we did not test here earlier and this is our first time on the new track.

"We've run on race tyres all of the way through the session, and when you take
everything into consideration, we're not doing too bad.

"We have a great deal of work to do before the final grid deciding session and
I'm not too comfortable with the settings at the moment, but I'm sure we will
get there in time."

At Mondello Park, meanwhile, Ryuichi Kiyonari set the pace in practice for the
sixth round o f t h e B e n n etts British Superbikes Championship, heading off
the threat of Shane Byrne as the track dried.

The Japanese rider proved to be the man for all conditions, splashing his HM
Plant Honda ahead in the morning rains, and then upping the power with a best
lap of the twisting County Kildare circuit in a time of 1:48.336.

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2007 XPRESS - Al Nisr Media FZ LLC
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              624 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                  Sunday Life

                                  May 6, 2007
                                  LIF Edition

£150,000WILL MAKENWSAFER

BYLINE: JIMMY WALKER

LENGTH: 429 words


YESTERDAY'S Tandragee 100 tragedy has put race safety back in sharp focus.

And the issue will, as always, be paramount at next weekend's North West 200.

Every penny of this week's welcome £150,000 Government cash boost for the North
West will go towards min-imising the risks to riders, and the expected 100,000
flocking to the north coast to cheer them on.

The Coleraine Club organisers have already spent heavily on course improvements,
safety bales and resurfacing both on the track and paddock.

And their efforts were praised at the Hillsborough Castle award of the grant by
the Chairman of Sport Northern Ireland (previously the Sports Council) Professor
Eric Saunders.

He stressed: "This investment by Sport Northern Ireland in conjunction with our
colleagues in the Department of Culture, Arts and Leisure is primarily for the
safety upgrading of the North West 200 circuit. We all share a desire to ensure
that the safety of riders and spectators alike is our highest priority.

"This investment followed a Motor Cycle Union of Ireland risk assessment and
also feedback from riders that identified a number of safety issues on the
course.

"The investment will primarily be for the resurfacing of the roads surface on
areas of the course which have been deemed to be a safety hazard, and the
purchasing of FIM approved safety bales which will be strategically placed
throughout the circuit.

"Funding is also available for the purchasing of security fencing which will be
installed at various points of the circuit, and the carrying out of a series of
safety works to the paddock area of the course.''

Professor Saunders went on to wish all those competing, a safe and successful
event.

Clerk of Course Mervyn Whyte replied: "This is very good news for the North West
200. On behalf of all those involved in the organisation of the event, my
sincere thanks go to Sport Northern Ireland and the Department of Culture, Arts
and Leisure.

"I would also like to thank Ian Paisley Jnr for his personal support of the
North West 200 and his commitment to ensuring funding for the event."

Alistair Kennedy of title sponsor Kennedy Group added: "The North West 200
brings so much to the community in terms of raising the profile of the area,
attracting tourism and boosting the economy.

"The Kennedy Group has been involved with the North West 200 for many years both
behind the scenes and as title sponsors.

" This investment from Sport Northern Ireland and DCAL is great news for the
organisers of the North West who work tirelessly throughout the year to make
this outstanding event possible."

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SL


                  Copyright 2007 Belfast Telegraph Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              625 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         Geelong Advertiser (Australia)

                            January 2, 2007 Tuesday

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 34

LENGTH: 269  words


Round 1

Tomorrow: Williamstown

Start: 12:30 pm - Support

1:30 pm - Elite Women

2:30 pm - Elite Men

This circuit, along the shores of Port Phillip Bay, will test riders as they hit
the anchors for the tight corners.

Being the first race in the series, everyone will be on edge.

Round 2

Thursday: Portarlington

Start: 12.30 pm - Support

1:30 pm - Elite Women

2:30 pm - Elite Men

The toughest criterium circuit on the bay.

A testing climb from a tight corner after the finish makes it one leg-sapping
event.

Round 3 -- Australian Criterium Championship

Friday, January 5: Ritchie Boulevard, Geelong

Start: 5:00 pm - Support

6:00 pm - Elite Women

7:15 pm - Elite Men

A fast, 600m hotdog course, this circuit tests even the best bike handlers.

The grassy embankment forms a natural amphitheatre that allows the spectator a
bird's-eye perspective of the action.

Round 4

Saturday: Geelong Botanic Gardens

Start: 9:30am to 11:00am - Amy's Ride

4:00 pm - Support

6:00 pm - Elite Women

7:15 pm - Elite Men

This spectacular course made its debut in the Jayco Bay Cycling Classic last
January.

About 1km around, the back straight provides elevated views of Corio Bay and
then riders encounter a small climb up to the finish in front of the Geelong
Botanic Gardens. It will take a bit of alertness to ride this course well.

Round 5

Sunday: Docklands

Start: 10.30am - B Grade Elite Support race

11.20 am Celebrity Race

11.45 am - Elite Women

12.30 pm - International Elite Men

A fitting place for the final race in the series. Another hot-dog but with 550m
straights to give everyone a good chance.It will need a fast but technically
sound rider to take this one out.

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GAT


                   Copyright 2007 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              626 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                Harborough Mail

                               September 15, 2006

George is first home club rider

LENGTH: 326  words


WELLAND Valley Cycling Club staged the final round of the NDCA time trial series
on a 20-mile course based on Naseby.

The first home club rider was 15-year-old George Atkins, riding a road bike
without tribars, who finished in 49mins 01sec, taking seventh overall. Peter
Watson, also on a road bike was 15th in 50.58, Chris Hyde 20th in 52.43, Chris
Begley 22nd in 53.07, Adrian Killworth 26th in 54.55, Vic Barnett 27th in 55.08
despite a heavy fall on the 2nd lap, Paul White 29th in 56.29, Graham Atkins
31st in 56.50, Linda Hubbard 35th in 57.46, Barbara Etoe 37th in 59.07 and Del
Spicer 41st in 1.00.26. The winner was Matt Bottrill of De Rosa RT who finished
in 44.35.

Phil Rayner and Colin Griffiths travelled to Swynnerton for the 55-mile
Staffordshire Oatcake LVRC road race. This was the penultimate race of the
seasonlong Percy Stallard national series. Rayner rode a tactical race to
preserve his series lead in the 40-45 category and finished safely in the bunch.
Griffiths, lying second in the 45-50 category, took fifth overall and third in
his age group to keep his series position.

On Saturday George Atkins and Kristian Morris rode the GHS National Championship
10-mile time trial at Sawtry. Atkins took 11th overall and was third 15-year-old
in a personal best 23.01. Morris was 60th overall and 19th in his age category,
with 26.33, also a personal best.

Gavin Hinxman meanwhile travelled to Levens for the Kent Valley 10 and finished
in 22.21, while Matt Plews and Bill Barrie travelled to North Notts for the
Rockingham CC 25. Over a rough course, their times were 1.02.32 and 1.04.27
respectively.

Last Tuesday evening the Welland club held their annual close of season handicap
circuit race over 16 miles at Bruntingthorpe. Forty-three club riders started
and 40 finished. The winner was first time circuit race rider Shane Godrich,
followed by seasoned campaigner Lorna Marlow, with Stuart Dawkins, in his second
circuit race, close behind.

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              627 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                   Daily Star

                             July 22, 2006 Saturday
                                U.K. 1st Edition

Leon's ready to hit full throttle

BYLINE: by DAVE FERN

SECTION: SPORT FOOTBALL; 53

LENGTH: 387 words


LEON HASLAM has warned teammate Gregorio Lavilla his title bid is ready to go
into overdrive.

Haslam aims to snatch the lead in the Bennetts British Superbike title stakes
from Spaniard Lavilla, who currently has an 11-point cushion.

The young Derbyshire rider served notice of intent yesterday by clipping half a
second off the lap record at Oulton Park, where the double race ninth round will
be staged tomorrow.

He said: "The bike is running superbly so I'm determined to take my first wins
of the season and move ahead of Gregorio.

"If I'm going to take the title, I have to start winning races. Having done well
here in May, I know the bike will be really strong."

Lavilla's lead has been slashed in the past two rounds.

He tumbled out of two of those four races as the pressure built.

Haslam though is in a rich vein of form. He hasn't finished outside the top
three in the previous six races but so far this campaign has been unable to add
to his four top-flight victories.

His best lap yesterday around the 2.692-mile Cheshire circuit came in a time of
1min 35.788secs, an average speed of 101.17mph, but he still has better to come.

He said: "In May, I started on pole, running half a second better. I aim to
repeat this but I'm focusing on achieving a podium finish and strong
championship points.

"I struggled a little last weekend at Knockhill and I hope to go a couple better
here."

But that could prove a tough challenge. The two factory specification HM Plant
Honda Fireblades, in the hands of Ryuichi Kiyonari, third in the overall
standings, and Karl Harris, are running within 0.176secs of Haslam.

Kiyonari has a good track record at the circuit, completing a daily double last
September, while Harris ran Lavilla close, finishing inches down on the Ducati
rider earlier in the year.

But Lavilla is running a full second down on Haslam as he prepares for his
fight-back.

Lavilla said: "I had a very disappointing weekend at Knockhill but now I have to
put that behind me here and focus on strong results."

Lincolnshire rider Rob Frost sustained serious chest injuries when crashing his
Honda in the first practice session for the British Supersport Championship.

He suffered broken ribs and a punctured lung. After being treated at the
circuit, he was transferred to the Countess of Chester Hospital for further
treatment.

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: LEON MACHINE: Haslam pours on the pace at Oulton Park yesterday

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 EXPRESS NEWSPAPERS
                              All Rights Reserved


                              628 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Oklahoman

                             July 9, 2005 Saturday
                                  City Edition

On the move;
Methodists see positive in reassignments

BYLINE: Carla Hinton, Religion Editor

SECTION: RELIGION; Pg. 1E

LENGTH: 1056 words


The United Methodist circuit riders and saddlebag preachers ride on -- though
not on horseback.

Instead, pastors with the denomination founded by John Wesley load moving vans
and drive their respective vehicles to their new congregations, whether it's
across town or across the state.

Almost 100 clergy in the Oklahoma United Methodist Conference recently proved
they have much in common with their forerunners who preached throughout the
American frontier: They are literally on the move.

The Rev. Robert Hayes, conference bishop, recently approved reassignments for 90
pastors. Their official "moving week" was June 6 12.

During that week, for instance, the Rev. Danny Moss left his post as executive
associate minister of missions programs at First United Methodist-Tulsa to
become the new senior pastor of First United Methodist-Edmond.

The Rev. Marvin Hudson left Goodrich United Methodist in Norman to go to New
Hope United Methodist in northwest Oklahoma City. The Rev. Bennie Warner came
out of retirement for a post as interim pastor of Quayle United Methodist in
northeast Oklahoma City, and the Rev. Dolores "Dee" Willis left her dual
position as senior pastor of both First United Methodist-Gould and First United
Methodist-Hollis to become senior pastor of South Lee United Methodist in
Oklahoma City.

The changes are just part of the pastoral package for United Methodist clergy,
ultimately designed to benefit the people in the pews, the pastors said.

"The heart of the itinerant process is not the pastor," Moss said. "The heart of
the process is the needs of the church and what pastor can best fill those
needs."

Moss, 57, comes by his knowledge through experience: His father, Bill Moss,
retired from the clergy in 1989.

"I was raised as a parsonage kid," Moss said, grinning.

He said Wesley created the itinerant process so pastors would have the freedom
to preach on any subject that was needed without feeling "owned" by the
congregation.

"In other words, it's not the local church that hires the pastor. It's the local
church's responsibility to receive a pastor."

Thus United Methodist district superintendents, a post Moss previously held,
gather with the conference bishop several times a year to discuss the pastoral
needs of local congregations.

"There's a lot of prayer and discussion," Moss said. "It's a complex and yet
thorough process looking at the needs of the churches and the gifts of the
pastors."

Moss said many factors often play into reassignments such as a pastor's
retirement, church projects and a pastor's family situation.

Hudson, 52, said reassignment had been mentioned at least once before during his
service as pastor of Goodrich since 1988. The church was in the middle of a
project to build a family life center and trying to start a third worship
service. Hudson said conference leaders decided it would not be a good time for
a pastoral move because of the new projects. He was allowed to stay at the
church another six years.

Hudson said he was prepared for the recent reassignment.

"If you're an elder in the United Methodist Church, your commitment is to be
open to and be willing to itinerate," he said.

"You buy into that, and you know up front. Like the military -- transfer is part
of the package."

Although he and his wife, Marilyn, built a house in Norman two years ago, they
were excited about the pastorship at New Hope, a church in the Putnam City area
of northwest Oklahoma City.

He said at first people at Goodrich weren't so excited at the prospect of saying
goodbye to their longtime pastor.

"We had been at Goodrich for 12 years, and we had built some pretty extensive
relationships."

Hudson said he turned the congregation's focus toward the positives that could
come from the reassignment.

"I worked to get them to understand that a change could mean some extremely good
things for the church -- new relationships and new possibilities," he said.

"I reminded them in the same way they had welcomed me and Marilyn, they should
welcome the new pastor (Steve Bredesen)."

When he preached his last sermon June 5 at Goodrich, its focus was on new
beginnings.

"I tried to let the last Sunday be simply where we worshipped God and not make
it a farewell moment. I wanted our last time to be about worship and celebration
not farewell."

<b>Ministry matches</b>

For Warner, the reassignment to Quayle brought a sense of deja vu: He has been
there before.

Warner, 70, said he served as the church's pastor from 1982-87. He left to serve
as pastor at churches in New York and Arkansas before retiring and returning
with his wife, Anna, to Oklahoma.

Warner said he immediately said yes when Hayes requested that he return to the
ministry as Quayle's interim pastor.

"I'm being recycled," he said, chuckling.

Peering into the church's sanctuary, Warner said he was pastor when the plans
for its renovation were conceived. Money did not become available for the
improvement effort until after he was gone.

"It's good to be back to see how the plans materialized," he said.

He's ready to tackle new projects, such as growing the church and constructing a
parking lot, educational wing and all purpose facility. He said he also wants to
revive the church's Christian education program, also known as Sunday school.

Church member Sarah Hardimon beamed as she described Warner's personality that
has endeared him to the congregation not once, but twice.

"He had a lot of high energy, and lo and behold, I discovered he hadn't slowed
down a bit," she said.

"He's hit the ground running, and he's pushing us to catch up with him."

Meanwhile, Willis did not know a soul at South Lee when she first stepped into
the small church across the street from Capitol Hill High School.

Many church members felt they knew her, though.

Willis said she sent each family a letter telling them about herself and her
high hopes for the church.

"I mailed out over 100 letters and didn't have a clue how they would respond.
Now some have said, 'I know God sent you to us because you are exactly what we
needed. That's a pretty powerful statement."

She's hoping those positive comments are a good indicator of the future. Willis
said this match, like those before, appears to have been divinely orchestrated.

"I have a sense of awe and wonderment about the role God plays in these
reassignments," she said.

"I just expected God to meet me here. I expected God to meet me in Hollis, and
He did. Everywhere I go, God had met me."

LOAD-DATE: July 11, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo 1: Children enrolled in Project Transformation, a United
Methodist day camp at Quayle United Methodist, listen to the Rev. Bennie Warner
as he discusses what it takes to be a hero. Warner was recently named interim
pastor of the northeast Oklahoma City church, 5001 N Everest. - BY STEVE GOOCH,
THE OKLAHOMAN
Photo 2: The Rev. Danny Moss, the new pastor at First United Methodist-Edmond,
is familiar with the United Methodist itinerant process because his father was a
pastor with the denomination. - BY DAVID MCDANIEL, THE OKLAHOMAN
Photo 3: The Rev. Marvin Hudson sits in a pew at New Hope United Methodist,
10600 N Council, where he is senior pastor. Hudson was assigned to the church
after having been longtime pastor of Goodrich United Methodist in Norman. - BY
JACONNA AGUIRRE, THE OKLAHOMAN
Photo 4: South Lee United Methodist Church has already placed the Rev. Dolores
"Dee" Willis' name on its sign welcoming visitors. Willis was pastor of United
Methodist churches in Hollis and Gould before being assigned as senior pastor of
the South Lee church in Oklahoma City. - BY JIM BECKEL, THE OKLAHOMAN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2005 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              629 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         Tasmanian Country (Australia)

                             October 3, 2014 Friday
                               TasCountry Edition

Riders have barrels of fun

SECTION: LIFESTYLE; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 186 words


IN A lead-up to the rodeo season women from around Tasmania tested their skills
last weekend during a barrel-race fun day at the Ross Recreational Ground.

About 22 riders spent four hours in the arena, trialling barrels, witches hats
and getting connected with their horses during the day hosted by Ross Rodeo
Committee.

Organiser Karen Fish said the youngest rider was just eight years old, with
events for all ages and skill levels.

"It was a great chance for anyone wanting to have a go or learn some different
techniques in the art of barrel racing," she said.

Bianca McGaffin plans to compete in the Island Rodeo Circuit season ahead. "The
upcoming season was the main reason for -participating, to get to know people of
the circuit and learn more and listen to their -advice," she said.

This year's season starts November 1 with Melton Mowbray Rodeo. Most Tasmanian
rodeos run barrel-race events for local riders who are not members of the
Australian professional circuit.The Ross club will host a Bronc Buck Out Day on
October 25. For details contact Kate Coad on 0409 295 158 or email
anthony.katiecoad@bigpond.com

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: Tasmanian Country


                   Copyright 2014 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              630 of 996 DOCUMENTS



             The Richmond River Express Examiner (New South Wales)

                                January 29, 2014

Ride on target for success;
Rodeo

SECTION: Pg. 24

LENGTH: 375  words


MONEY and titles don't mean much to fast-rising rodeo rider Beau Creighton -
he's just there for the thrills.

The 15-year-old is celebrating after claiming victory at the latest stop of the
National Rodeo Association's Carlton Mid Bull Ride Series.

Beau is now gunning for the top title on the circuit, which features several
promising riders from New South Wales and interstate.

For the Dyraaba-based competitor, the sport is about one thing and one thing
only.

"It's pretty much just the adrenaline when you get in the pen," he said.

"You just want to ride. It's really exciting."

Beau defeated scores of hopefuls to claim the under-16 junior bull ride at the
latest event at Kawana Waters.

He picked up $230 for his efforts and valuable points ahead of the circuit's
forthcoming finals.

Beau was introduced to rodeo by grandfather Kenny King and cousin Dylan Talbot,
who is also a promising rider.

After riding smaller calves and honing his skills on a bucking drum at the
family's property, he soon progressed to competitive level.

His section sees riders attempt to control a bucking bull for eight seconds.

Judges asses the competitor's control of the beast - and just how difficult the
animal is making it.

"It can feel a lot longer than eight seconds sometimes, especially if you ride
one of the better bulls," Beau said.

"You just blank out any nerves really.

"It's heaps good fun. I love it."

Beau is now planning to contest the circuit's next event at Springwood next
month. A good performance there should secure him a berth in the circuit's
finals in March.

Proud mum Jodie said she had reservations at first about her son's involvement
in the sport.

But he had won her over with his efforts and his success.

"At first I was like, no way," she said.

"But it was something that he really wanted to do.

"There's still times when I find myself saying a prayer for him out there.

"It's nice to see your child succeed in doing something he loves."

Mrs Creighton also said there was more technique involved in the sport than most
observers would realise.

"It is a tough sport," she said.

"You can travel five hours for an eight-second ride.

"There's a lot of skill and balance involved and a lot of hard work as well.

"It's just fantastic to see Beau going so well."

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LRR


                    Copyright 2014 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              631 of 996 DOCUMENTS


              The Northern Star and Rural Weekly (New South Wales)

                           January 22, 2014 Wednesday

THRILL OF WILD RIDE;
RODEO

BYLINE:  Stuart Turner

SECTION: Pg. 44

LENGTH: 374  words



HIGHLIGHT: Impressive young cowboy doesn't worry about the money or the glamour
titles


MONEY and titles don't mean much to fast-rising rodeo rider Beau Creighton -
he's just there for the thrills.

The 15-year-old is celebrating after claiming victory at the latest stop of the
National Rodeo Association's Carlton Mid Bull Ride Series.

Beau is now gunning for the top title on the circuit, which features several
promising riders from New South Wales and interstate.

For the Dyraaba-based competitor, the sport is about one thing and one thing
only.

"It's pretty much just the adrenaline you get in the pen," he said. "You just
want to ride.

"It's really exciting."

Beau defeated scores of hopefuls to claim the under-16 junior bull ride at the
latest event at Kawana Waters.

He picked up $230 for his efforts and valuable points ahead of the circuit's
forthcoming finals.

Beau was introduced to rodeo by grandfather Kenny King and cousin Dylan Talbot,
who is also a promising rider.

After riding smaller calves and honing his skills on a bucking drum at the
family's property, he soon progressed to competitive level.

His section sees riders attempt to control a bucking bull for eight seconds.

Judges asses the competitor's control of the beast - and just how difficult the
animal is making it.

"It can feel a lot longer than eight seconds sometimes, especially if you ride
one of the better bulls," Beau said.

"You just blank out any nerves really.

"It's heaps good fun. I love it."

Beau is now planning to contest the circuit's next event at Springwood next
month. A good performance there should secure him a berth in the circuit's
finals in March.

Proud mum Jodie said she had reservations at first about her son's involvement
in the sport.

But he had won her over with his efforts and his success.

"At first I was like, no way," she said.

"But it was something that he really wanted to do.

"There's still times when I find myself saying a prayer for him out there.

"It's nice to see your child succeed in doing something he loves."

Mrs Creighton also said there was more technique involved in the sport than most
observers would realise.

"It is a tough sport," she said. "You can travel five hours for an eight-second
ride. There's a lot of skill and balance involved and a lot of hard work as
well.

"It's just fantastic to see Beau going so well."

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LNS


                    Copyright 2014 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              632 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Sunday Times (Australia)

                            January 20, 2013 Sunday
                              1 - STREETS Edition

Schleck gets set

BYLINE: Amanda Lulham

SECTION: Pg. 65

LENGTH: 293  words


Tour Down Under a launchpad for Europe

HE'S a Tour de France champion but GreenEDGE sport director Matt Wilson isn't
expecting to see Andy Schleck make anywhere near the same impact in Australia's
Santos Tour Down Under as he does in the French mountain ranges mid year.

Wilson said the biggest name on the Tour Down Under start sheet is not known for
carrying his form all season and is not expecting him to make a big impact in
this year's race in his maiden appearance in the South Australian tour.

The Santos Tour Down Under is the opening event of the World Tour and comprises
just 758.5km of racing over six stages, following a street circuit race today.

It is deliberately brief to cater to the early season, with numerous riders
competing after long treks from a wintery Europe.

``I don't think he will do too much,'' Wilson said of Schleck's prospects in the
race, which ends next Sunday.

``He is not known for great form all year.''

Schleck is on the comeback after an injury-ravaged 2012 in which he fractured
his pelvis in a crash mid year.

The champion rider admitted the Tour Down Under is part of his preparation for a
successful Spring classic season in Europe.

Schleck said his goal is to find enough form early season to go into the Tour de
France and show people ``I'm still a good bike rider and not a couch potato''
after his lengthy break recovering from injury.

The Santos Tour Down Under was first held in 1999 and gained world tour status
in 2008, the first race outside Europe to do so.

But the race is world renowned, as it was the event chosen by Lance Armstrong
when he made his comeback to the professional circuit back in 2009.

The tour starts tonight with a 51km circuit race in Adelaide, followed by the
first stage of the Tour on Tuesday.

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SDT


                   Copyright 2013 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              633 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Sunday Times (Australia)

                            January 20, 2013 Sunday
                               5 - Final Edition

Schleck gets set

BYLINE: Amanda Lulham

SECTION: Pg. 65

LENGTH: 293  words


Tour Down Under a launchpad for Europe

HE'S a Tour de France champion but GreenEDGE sport director Matt Wilson isn't
expecting to see Andy Schleck make anywhere near the same impact in Australia's
Santos Tour Down Under as he does in the French mountain ranges mid year.

Wilson said the biggest name on the Tour Down Under start sheet is not known for
carrying his form all season and is not expecting him to make a big impact in
this year's race in his maiden appearance in the South Australian tour.

The Santos Tour Down Under is the opening event of the World Tour and comprises
just 758.5km of racing over six stages, following a street circuit race today.

It is deliberately brief to cater to the early season, with numerous riders
competing after long treks from a wintery Europe.

``I don't think he will do too much,'' Wilson said of Schleck's prospects in the
race, which ends next Sunday.

``He is not known for great form all year.''

Schleck is on the comeback after an injury-ravaged 2012 in which he fractured
his pelvis in a crash mid year.

The champion rider admitted the Tour Down Under is part of his preparation for a
successful Spring classic season in Europe.

Schleck said his goal is to find enough form early season to go into the Tour de
France and show people ``I'm still a good bike rider and not a couch potato''
after his lengthy break recovering from injury.

The Santos Tour Down Under was first held in 1999 and gained world tour status
in 2008, the first race outside Europe to do so.

But the race is world renowned, as it was the event chosen by Lance Armstrong
when he made his comeback to the professional circuit back in 2009.

The tour starts tonight with a 51km circuit race in Adelaide, followed by the
first stage of the Tour on Tuesday.

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SDT


                   Copyright 2013 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              634 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       Melville Times (Perth, Australia)

                            January 15, 2013 Tuesday
                                   1 Edition

Grand history of racing

SECTION: Pg. 21

LENGTH: 397  words


Top: Peter Nicol with his 1952 Matchless Sport Bike and bottom with Lloyd
Chapman (left) in 1953. d393546

ABOUT 60 years ago, junior motorcyclists used to gather in Yanchep National Park
for annual races around a 1.5km circuit.

A 19-year-old Peter Nicol, now of Mt Pleasant, who entered his first one there
in 1951, was one of the youngest competitors to ride in the annual event at the
national park.

The British Small Arms Motorcycle Club started holding junior races in Yanchep
in 1948, with riders competing in various grades doing up to 10 laps of the
circuit.

The sealed road wound through the park with two short straights, Mr Nicol said.

The roadway was quite narrow and tree-lined, with large limestone rocks lining
the inside around the swimming pool and the Yanchep Inn section.

It provided very good training for young motorcycle racers to develop their
skills in machine control and hard braking.

Several of those riders went on to represent WA and compete successfully in the
Australian Grands Prix held in each State annually.

Mr Nicol was one of those, winning several State titles in both road racing and
motocross, and three Australian titles during his 10-year racing career.

I was just a teenager when I started and I had to race all these big, tough guys
who had just come back from the war, he said.

Other professional riders who chased first place through Yancheps shady circuit
included George Scott, Lloyd Chapman, Ken Tester and Denis Kingdom.

Mr Nicol said the WA Motorcycle Association considered the Yanchep circuit too
dangerous for high powered 500cc motorbikes and restricted racing to machines up
to 350cc.

There were few motorbikes available at the time, so most riders used pre-war
bikes or ex-army bikes.

However, as bikes capable of exceeding 160km/h were manufactured in the early
1950s, speeds on the circuit escalated.

Serious accidents increased, forcing the WA Motorcycle Association to
discontinue racing at Yanchep National Park in the mid-1950s, Mr Nicol said.

Historian John Napier-Winch said the last race was held in 1954. Photographer
John Victor Finney attended the races in Yanchep, and had captured shots of
riders and spectators over those six years.

Yanchep National Park regularly hosts running events and the annual Hot Rods in
the Park event, and last Saturday, January 12, its first cycling event,
organised by the Northern Beaches Cycling Club.

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CMF


                   Copyright 2013 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              635 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         Geelong Advertiser (Australia)

                            November 16, 2012 Friday
                           1 - First Edition Edition

Riders are up for another hard-earned thirst

BYLINE: ALISON APRHYS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 196 words


CYCLISTS from Geelong, led by Gartland director Bob Gartland, will compete in
the annual Corporate Cycling Challenge on Sunday.

Mr Gartland, while unable to ride this year due to an injury, has stepped into
the role of team manager.

``The team is a bunch of mates I ride with and they are all Geelong boys,'' he
said.

``Last year, the Gartland team took out first place in the 14km circuit and beat
over 40 teams, which was a bit of a thrill.''

Mr Gartland said the team comprised men aged from their 20s to 50s.

``They have been training hard for this year's event,'' he said.

Mr Gartland said last year the team won a year's supply of beer, which he joked
was the training food for elite athletes worldwide.

``We hope to put up a reasonable show this year, but I understand there are more
teams entered, so it will be harder to win,'' he said.

``But it's a bit of fun and a good day out.''

This year's challenge will start and finish at Flemington Racecourse.

It involves a time trial where corporate teams of five to 10 riders will race
together against the clock.

Each team will be measured by their five fastest riders' time to complete the
13-17km circuit.

alison.aprhys@news.com.au

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GAT


                   Copyright 2012 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              636 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         Illawarra Mercury (Australia)

                           November 29, 2011 Tuesday
                                 First Edition

Grand Prix riders, officials sing Wollongong's praises;
CYCLING

BYLINE: SAM HALL

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 50

LENGTH: 303 words


NSW International Grand Prix Cycling organiser Phill Bates believes last
weekend's breakthrough Wollongong event will create a platform for more
Illawarra fixtures ahead of next year's London Olympics. Dubbed a resounding
success for its visitor numbers and broadcasting appeal, Bates said Wollongong
drew considerable interest with its first professional event since the 1990s.
"I'm pretty delighted - everyone did a fantastic job of bringing the venue back
to a good cycle racing circuit and all the riders were pretty impressed and
excited," he said. "It's the most spectacular venue you'll see anywhere in the
world: the backdrop, the ocean, the beaches and the boat harbour.

"It's a great promotion for the region, too." Bates lauded the Illawarra as a
premier destination for cyclists training for London. "We have very good roads
through Stanwell Tops to the National Park, Macquarie Pass, Jamberoo Pass and
great flat-track riding - there's so much," he said. "The Russian cyclists that
have been training in Wollongong have actually extended their stay. Even though
they were meant to be leaving (tomorrow), they've extended their time for at
least another week. "They are going to be a force to be reckoned with at the
Olympics and they see it as a great opportunity to spend a fair bit of time in
Wollongong in preparation." Bates said he had already received positive feedback
from a number of prospective sponsors following the Wollongong event. "The
council is relatively keen to enhance the promotion of the sport," he said.
"It's good to have a circuit like that that's not overly difficult to close off,
a lot of spectators came and had a look and the event was great for
broadcasting. "It's certainly pride of place for the future and there is most
probably other events being organised as we speak."

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Super circuit: Riders pass the lighthouse on Flagstaff Hill
during Saturday's successful Grand Prix event in Wollongong. Picture: ANDY
ZAKELI

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2011 Illawarra Newspapers Holdings Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              637 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                             Herald Sun (Australia)

                           February 25, 2010 Thursday
                               1 - FIRST Edition

Rough ride for Troy at the Island

BYLINE: Craig Duff

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 87

LENGTH: 265  words


A HOME-TRACK advantage may not be enough to help the Australian contingent at
this weekend's World Superbike Championship round at Phillip Island.

Troy Corser will lead the Aussie charge on a factory BMW but it was the Ducatis
that set the fastest times in testing on Monday.

Corser, who has won seven superbike races at the circuit and holds the lap
record, has been working to tame his bike's nervousness over bumps.

``For me the weekend is always something special as it's my home race,'' Corser
said yesterday.

``I think I can speak for the majority of the riders when I say that Phillip
Island is one of the best circuits around.

``I always hugely enjoy competing there, and not only because it's my home
track. From a rider's point of view, the circuit flows very nicely, and safety
levels are very high.''

The only other Phillip Island race winners in the field are Ducati rider
Noriyuki Haga and Yamaha's James Toseland. Both are expected to be in the lead
bunch again this year.

Briton Toseland was only 12th in testing but wasn't worried after his team
identified the bike's problem and had a replacement part flown in.

``Testing didn't mean much,'' he said. ``We had a problem with chatter (the rear
wheel losing contact with the ground) going into the corners and I had to wait
for it to die down in every turn before I could roll back on the throttle.

``So that cost us time, but we were still quick on the straight. I think we did
310km/h, which is all right.''

Practice starts tomorrow with qualifying and the top-10 Superpole shootout on
Saturday, followed by two 22-lap races on Sunday.

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DHS


                   Copyright 2010 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              638 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Sunday Times (Australia)

                             August 31, 2008 Sunday
                               1 - RMSTRE Edition

Czech out these star performers

BYLINE: NEIL DOWLING

SECTION: Pg. 64

LENGTH: 368 words


SOME riders at Wandering's

annual Mill Farm Scrambles this month weren't even born when Jaroslav Falta
began winning on the tough European motocross circuits.

But that didn't stop the enthusiasm and awe of younger riders and spectators at
the Vintage Motocross Club of WA meet in Wandering.

Falta won numerous European events, but is remembered for his contentious defeat
by politics at the 1974 championships.

He came to Australia with friend and riding partner Jiri Starec at the
invitation of the VMXWA.

It was only the second time in a decade that the two Czech Republic stars had
been out of their country for an invitation ride.

But Falta, whose name is on some early 1970s CZ models to commemorate his wins,
couldn't compete in Wandering.

The 57-year-old had a 40km/h scooter accident in his country last year and has
spine and neck damage.

To the applause of a large group of spectators, he rode a club member's
perfectly restored CZ bike for a lap of the circuit, without interference from
other riders and without a helmet.

Starec was more forthright. He had scant regard for a circuit he'd never seen
before and battled it out in a few races with some of the more skilled club
riders, including Bill Copley (Maico 400). But Starec didn't win.

Falta and Starec were joined by Czech expatriate, Adelaide-based Peter Heles (CZ
250), and Bill Davis (Yamaha 500) from Texas plus a record 125 VMXWA club
members at Mill Farm.

It wasn't all upright on the sunny day, with Davis having a nasty spill that
gave him a free ride to Royal Perth Hospital, broken ribs and bruises.

Starec (CZ 380) also had a spill, but hurt only his neck.

Young Brook Lawson (BSA 500) came a cropper and seriously bruised his hip.
Medics initially thought it was broken.

The 32-race event attracted a record number of club members and also drew 13
sidecars and more than 150 vintage bikes.

Late afternoon dust reduced some corners to a blind crawl, but apart from this
and the nasty spills, it was the only downside of an otherwise perfect day.

The two Czech visitors are in the eastern states this week and they will return
to WA for the VMXWA's next event at its home circuit in Narrogin on August 31.

Spectators are welcome and entry is free.

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SDT


                   Copyright 2008 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              639 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                    Appeal-Democrat (Marysville, California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             May 28, 2008 Wednesday

Kelly making his mark: Yuba City native begins '08 pro AMA campaign

BYLINE: Bryan DeMain, Appeal-Democrat, Marysville, Calif.

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 550 words


May 28--Eleven years ago, Brad Kelly made a last-minute decision that would
change his life.

With just two kids entered into motorcycle race at the River Bottoms in
Marysville, and with no practice and little time to waste, Kelly entered.

After leading much of the way in the first moto on a bike his father had picked
up at a garage sale, Kelly's chain snapped. And after leading in the second
moto, he crashed.

"I was just winging it," he laughed. "I finished second in a race with just two
kids. But I've been racing ever since."

Kelly isn't exactly winging it in 2008.

Instead of riding that second-hand '94 KX 60 dirt bike at the River Bottoms, the
20-year-old Yuba City native is on a YZ 250 as a pro rider in the American
Motorcyclist Association Motocross Championship circuit.

Kelly just began his third season on the circuit, and with a little luck, he
could be near the top of the standings in the coming years.

After a brief stint in the AMA in 2006, Kelly went to all 12 national events in
2007.

But it was a bumpy ride.

"Last year was my first full year. I had a lot of problems with my bike and just
a lot of bad luck overall," Kelly said.

He only qualified to race in three of the events, never once earning points.

But this past weekend, Kelly showed what a little perseverance can do.

In the opening national event of the year, Kelly finished within the top 12 (out
of 30 competitors) in the first group to qualify for the points race at Glen
Helen Raceway in San Bernadino, and then was just seconds off from earning his
first points as a pro. He would finish 33rd out of 79, 13 spots from earning
points and a possible shot on a team.

"Glen Helen is not only the toughest track on the circuit, but some of the
fastest riders come from California. And being that it was the first round, and
everyone was healthy and ready to go, I was real happy to qualify," he said.

Kelly, just a few top 20 finishes and some solid points away from getting picked
up by a team, still has plenty of support.

The pro rider has 19 sponsors, including four Mid-Valley companies: No-Toil
Industries, Honda-Yamaha Sports Center, Coker Precision Graphics and Factory
Photo.

"I'm doing eight of the national events this year," Kelly said, admitting that
gas prices have taken its toll not only on competitors, but on the sport as
well. "I would do them all like I did last year, but I just don't have the money
it takes to get out to some of the farther ones."

Kelly will visit Sacramento next before making a tour to Texas, Pennsylvania,
Colorado, Washington, Minnesota and Massachusetts, in the next three months.

"I just want to get on a team, where I can make a living at this," he said.
"Once that happens, it's just about getting yourself to the events, because a
lot of the side work is done for you."

Contact sports reporter Bryan DeMain at bdemain@appealdemocrat.com or at
749-4796.

To see more of the Appeal-Democrat, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.appeal-democrat.com. Copyright (c) 2008, Appeal-Democrat, Marysville,
Calif. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints,
email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send
a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee
Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080528-MY-Kelly-making-his-mark-0528

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MY


                         Copyright 2008 Appeal-Democrat


                              640 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The Sun (England)

                             July 21, 2007 Saturday

Bike star Ollie dies in smash

LENGTH: 200  words


A SUPERBIKE rider was killed yesterday when he lost control and crashed into a
race track barrier.

Suzuki star Ollie Bridewell, 21, was practising for this weekend's ninth round
of the British Superbike Championship at Mallory Park, Leicestershire.

Ollie, of Devizes, Wiltshire, suffered critical neck and head injuries.

Race organisers said no one else was involved and the wet weather did not cause
the crash.

Ollie, an experienced rider popular with rivals and fans, was one of around 20
bikers taking part in practice circuits.

A spokesman for the Motorcycle Circuit Racing Control Board said: "It seems he
lost control and fell from his machine, making a heavy impact with the surface
and then the barrier."

Trackside

Ollie was treated at the trackside before being moved to the circuit medical
centre where he was pronounced dead.

The spokesman said Ollie was a skilful rider and at this stage there were no
indications as to what caused him to lose control of his bike.

He added: "He was riding in isolation when it happened. There was no one else
around him.

"The rainfall was not significant.

"The British Superbike community extends our profound sympathies."

The incident is being investigated by the MCRCB.

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 NEWS GROUP NEWSPAPERS LTD
                              All Rights Reserved


                              641 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                            The Press (Christchurch)

                          December 15, 2001, Saturday

Top British bikers to race for NZ titles

BYLINE: DEW Rod  KINNISH Juan

SECTION: SPORT; NATIONAL; Pg. 30; SPORT

LENGTH: 340 words


The hottest short-circuit rider to come out of the Isle of Man in 20 years, Juan
Kinnish, will offer an unexpected challenge to the established Down Under order
in the New Zealand Motorcycle Grand Prix at Ruapuna Park next month.

He will be accompanied by Manx Grand Prix bronze medallist, Kent- based English
racer Mark Parrett.

Both will ride in the Wilson and Collins Team, which is being brought to New
Zealand by owner Des Collins under the sponsorship of international freight
forwarders FS MacKenzie.

"It is absolutely great," said grand prix organiser Wendy Guy yesterday. "This
gives the meeting a real international status."

The team trip is the realisation of a dream for Collins, who has for many years
been associated with visits by leading New Zealand riders to the Isle of Man.
Kinnish, who scored points in two British Supersport Championship rounds at the
end of the last northern season, and Parrett will race in the New Zealand
championship rounds at Ruapuna on January 19 and in the grand prix events the
next day. They will also compete at the national meetings at Teretonga on
January 26-27, and at Manfeild on February 23-24.

The Manxman will be particularly busy at Ruapuna. The team is bringing both a
Kawasaki ZXR 750 and a Kawasaki ZXR 600 Supersport bike for him to ride. Parrett
will have exclusive use of of another of the team's very fast Kawasaki ZXR 750s.

British race mechanic Steve Ragless will travel with he team.

The two British riders are using the New Zealand races to keep sharp during the
northern off-season.

Big things are expected next season from Kinnish, who will contest the full
British Supersport Championship. Parrett, who broke the lap record in the 600cc
class at the first Joey Dunlop Memorial meeting in Estonia, has his sights on
winning the Manx Grand Prix before making an assault on the Isle of Man TT races
in 2003.

A third British rider, Ian Locher, from Wales, has also entered. His target is
to win the 125cc grand prix which he won three years ago.

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2001 Fairfax New Zealand


                              642 of 996 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 Experian Information Solutions, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved
                         Experian Powered Business Data

                                 March 7, 2017

                         FILE ESTABLISHED: May 1, 1996

                           MASON DIXON CIRCUIT RIDER

                                  PO BOX 2194
                          WESTMINSTER,  MD 21158-7194
                                 UNITED STATES

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
URL: http://www.smartbusinessreports.com/Main.aspx?link=1009

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
EXPERIAN FILE NUMBER: 840478146

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
LEGAL STATUS: CCORPORATION
EMPLOYEES: A1 - 5

YEARS IN BUSINESS: 11 - ACTUAL

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
OFFICERS:

     ·    CUEMAN E. ROBERT, OFFICER


* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
PRIMARY SIC:
8748 - Business Consulting Services, Nec
SECONDARY SIC:
8742 - Management Consulting Services

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

SALES: USD 12,000 - ACTUAL

BUSINESS ANALYSIS:
ADDITIONAL PAYMENT EXPERIENCES:
(TRADE LINES WITH AN '*' ARE NEWLY REPORTED)
                                   RECENT    ------ ACCOUNT STATUS ------
                                     HIGH               -DAYS PAST DUE-
BUSINESS    DATE        LAST       CREDIT   BALANCE        1-  31-  61-
CATEGORY    REPTD       SALE            $         $  CUR   30   60   90  91+
CRED CARD   03/07/14    --             --        --   --   --   --   --   --
Payment Terms: REVOLVE
Comments: ACCTCLOSED

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2017


                              643 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Calgary Herald (Alberta)

                             October 3, 2004 Sunday
                                 Early Edition

Stars take back seat as California kid sizzles: Ethan Graves, 19, thrilled
following 92-point ride

BYLINE: Dwayne Erickson, Calgary Herald

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. E7

LENGTH: 538  words


Rob Bell, Wiley Petersen, Tator Porter, B.J. Kramps. Those are some of the
superstars in the sport of bull riding.

Yet, a 19-year-old kid from California -- Ethan Graves -- stole the spotlight
during the opening performance of the Tristone Capital Bullbustin at the
Pengrowth Saddledome on Friday night.

Graves rode Chin Music, a red bull from the Girletz brothers string, for a
round-best called 92 points, earned about $4,000 and accepted a glass plaque for
his efforts, the first trophy he's ever won on the high-profile Professional
Bull Riders circuit.

"I can't wait to call my mom and tell her what happened," said the kid, fondling
the trophy, which he insisted would go right up there above the fireplace.

Aside from competing against all his heroes, Graves had some added pressure on
his shoulders as he headed out to the chutes from the dressing room.

"My buddy went to jail this afternoon here in Calgary and I was in a bind," he
confessed. "I figured I had to do something to make bail money."

Asked for an explanation, he revealed his friend, also from California, got into
a scrape with the law, but refused to elaborate further.

"A couple of minutes before I got on my bull, a policeman asked if he could talk
to me," Graves said. "I told him my bull was in the chute and I had to get on,
but he said it was important.

"We went around the corner and he said they'd released my buddy and told me
where I could find him. That was a big relief."

Unburdened by worries of having to make bail, Graves then matched every move of
the shifty 1,800-pound bull, which turned to the left, then came back to the
right. It was obviously the best ride of the night.

"Shucks, this is exciting," Graves said as Porter and Petersen came up and shook
his hand behind the chutes. "But I can't get too pumped up, there's still
tomorrow night."

The 45 bull riders came back for the second round on Saturday night and the top
10 scores on two advanced to the championship round for the big money in the
$50,000 event.

This marks the first time Graves has even made a dent in the PBR's Tier II
Challenger Series. He's only won about $6,000 this year and that all came in the
minor league Humps 'n' Horns tour, a development circuit for the PBR.

Two other Americans, Tray Traweek and Chance Robinson, both established PBR
stars, finished second and third with scores of 90 and 89.5.

The top Canadian on the PBR tour, Rob Bell, responded with an 88.5, as did Jason
Finkbeiner, the second-ranked bull rider on the Canadian rodeo circuit.

Bell, from Houston, B.C., rode a bull called Super Freak, from the Kelly
Armstrong string.

"I had no idea what he was. I was supposed to get on a good one called Liquid
Fie, but he was crippled," said Bell. "I didn't want to fall off with my parents
here. I only get to see them once or twice a year.

"It's nice to do something with my parents and my sponsor here to watch me. That
makes it a little more special.

"And it was nice to do it in front of a private party of 8,000 people. That's
kind of neat. It makes bull riding look pretty bright up here in Canada."

Opening night was reserved for invited guests of Tristone Capital, the title
sponsor.

The Saturday night house was open to the public.

rodeo@telusplanet.net

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Ted Jacob, Calgary Herald; Ethan Graves of Clearlake Oak,
Calif., has his hands full with Flipper during Tristone Capital Bullbustin at
the Pengrowth Saddledome on Saturday.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Sports

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2004 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest Global Communications
                                     Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              644 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        The Huddersfield Daily Examiner

                            March 11, 2017 Saturday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Tom happy in Thailand

BYLINE: PETE BARROW

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 32

LENGTH: 476 words


HUDDERSFIELD racer Tom Sykes is looking forward to the two races in the second
round of the 2017 World Superbikes Championship.

Placed third in the rankings after third and sixth place finioshes in the
opening round at Australia's Phillip Island circuit, the 31-yearold is ready to
test himself in Thailand.

The short two-season history of Chang International Circuit in WorldSBK has
already shown it to be a fruitful venue for the Kawasaki Racing Team with
reigning world champion Jonathan Rea having won three races there already and
Sykes one - a 100 per cent success rate for both manufacturer and riders so far.

A series of geometric corners, long straits, low speed corner exits and a very
flat topography in its stadium-style layout, make Chang a whole different
challenge to the opening venue. The intense heat and humidity that usually
characterise the Thai race weekend are factors that the KRT team and riders have
already made preparations for. Sykes said: "I attended a great PR event with
Kawasaki Thailand recently. I think there were around 400 people in attendance
at a really nice venue and I enjoyed all of it.

"Now I am looking forward to race weekend at Buriram.

"This round is quite a challenging event because of the heat and the track
conditions but I have enjoyed it over the last two years.

"Last season in particular we had some good results, on the back of some
not-so-strong first round results at Phillip Island.

"Considering what happened at Phillip Island last week - being right there on
the podium in race one and then scoring points after having to close in on the
leaders through the early laps of race two - it definitely gives me more
confidence going to the Chang International Circuit this weekend." On the
opening day of the second round of the season yesterday, the official Ninja
ZX-10RR riders proved to be a step ahead of their rivals, with both Rea and
Sykes under lap record pace with their respective best laps.

Rea's 1.33.573 put him 0.210 seconds ahead of Sykes, with both riders improving
their morning lap times this afternoon despite a significant increase in track
temperature at the 4.554km long Thai circuit.

Today brings Superpole 1 and 2 and then the first race of the weekend - with the
second race tomorrow - with Rea and Sykes already comfortably inside the
guaranteed Superpole 2 places.

The 2013 world champion Sykes added: "I am fairly happy because we started off
steadily in the morning.

"In the last moment of FP2, because of the changes we made during the sessions,
we got to where we needed to be before the first race on Saturday.

"That gives me satisfaction about the work we have done.

"Overall the lap time was not too bad but obviously we need to look to improve
the set-up slightly.

"As Fridays go, I am quite happy with what we did. The track is quite grippy in
general, offering consistency too."

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HDE


                           Copyright 2017 MGN Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              645 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                            February 5, 2017 Sunday

Zulfahmi's top five target

BYLINE: Farah Azharie

SECTION: Pg. 51

LENGTH: 306 words


MALAYSIAN motorcycle racer Zulfahmi Khairuddin is pushing boundaries this year
in order to make it into the top five of the World Superbike (WSBK) series with
the hopes of an advancement into the Moto2 class.

"Our (Orelac Racing Team and I) expectations are high. But to be honest, it is
far too early for that because motorsports is very competitive," said Zulfahmi.

Despite finishing first for both days at the two-day test in Jerez last week,
the 25-year-old isn't too fazed by his results.

"The test was good but I wasn't sure if I was going as fast as I needed to
because most of the top riders weren't there."

On the upside, Zulfahmi is confident going into the 2017 Superbike World
Championship race at the Phillip Island Grand Prix Circuit, Australia on Feb
24-26 as his Kawasaki ZX-6R has seen tremendous improvement since last year.

"There were a lot of things that we wanted to do (to the bike) but didn't manage
to last year, like the small details. But this year, it is greatly improved in
terms of the engine and suspension, and I'm happy with the performance and
tactical team."

As much as Zulfahmi wants to be back among the MotoGP riders, the father of one
feels he should look into securing a safer future.

"I hope one day I get to collaborate with Sepang International Circuit (SIC) to
help young riders, in and out of the circuit. It's still in the works and
unfortunately, I can't commit 100 per cent to it right now but it's definitely
something I would like to pursue."

Zulfahmi is one of the seven nominees for the inaugural SIC-Motorsports
Association of Malaysia (MAM) Malaysia Motorsports Awards and could not have
been more thrilled about it.

"It is a great initiative by SIC and I'm honoured to be nominated among some of
the best racers in Malaysia."

The SIC-MAM Malaysia Motorsports Award will be held on Feb 13.

( END )

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Motorcycling

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2017 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad
                              All Rights Reserved


                              646 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       The Herald (Sharon, Pennslyvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           February 1, 2017 Wednesday

Roundtable to focus on school funding

BYLINE: T.L. Miller, The Herald, Sharon, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 235 words


Feb. 01--GROVE CITY -- A roundtable discussion on Thursday to tackle school
funding challenges that include property tax elimination efforts and the
formulas used for allocating state monies for public education.

Tom Zelesnik, a circuit rider for the Pennsylvania Fair Funding Campaign, said
the event will address questions in funding of schools and bring awareness on
legislative actions that may affect educators.

Midwestern Intermediate Unit IV, the Grove City-based educational resource
center operated by the state Department of Education, has invited every school
in Mercer and nearby counties to participate in the roundtable discussion.

The agency covers 27 school districts in Butler, Lawrence, and Mercer counties.

Zelesnik said one of the things schools need to consider is legislative action
proposed in 2016 that was narrowly defeated. The proposed bill would increase
state sales and income taxes, but eliminate property taxes.

"It failed by one vote," he said. "It hasn't been introduced this session, but
our sources say it will be introduced again."

Organizers say school officials from Farrell, Mercer, Sharpsville and Jamestown
have already reserved seats for the event.

"This is more to bring awareness on a number of issues facing schools
currently," Zelesnik said.

___ (c)2017 The Herald (Sharon,Pa) Visit The Herald (Sharon,Pa) at
www.sharonherald.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20170201-XS-Roundtable-to-focus-on-school-funding-0201-20170201

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: XS


                           Copyright 2017 The Herald


                              647 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                      October 30, 2016 Sunday 9:00 AM GMT

Castle Douglas motorbiker Alex Reid delighted with results in Northern Ireland's
Sunflower Trophy;
Alex finished seventh and 10th in the final round of the Irish and Ulster
Championships, which was his last event of the season

BYLINE: By Stuart Gillespie

SECTION: SPORT,LOCAL SPORT

LENGTH: 201 words


Castle Douglas rider Alex Reid competed in the final rounds of the Irish and
Ulster Championships at the weekend.

The Sunflower Trophy meeting was held at Bishopscourt in Northern Ireland and
the prestigious event attracts big names from around the world.

It was Alex's first appearance at the meeting.

Friday saw two qualifying sessions being run in dry but cold conditions when
Alex qualified 10th in a field of 16 riders. Saturday's conditions were the same
for Alex's two races.

In his first race of the day he finished in a creditable 10th position and took
three seconds off his fastest qualifying time.

In his second and last race of the meeting he managed to bring his bike home in
seventh place after producing an average lap speed of 80.727 mph of the 1.824
mile circuit.

Alex said: "I had a brilliant meeting and am really pleased with my results.

"It was a great circuit, really fast and flowing and that combined with the
hospitality of the Irish made me decide that I would definitely like to race
here in the future."

This was Alex's last race of the season and he would like to thank his local
sponsors Martin and Green builders and Grierson Brothers butchers for their
valuable support over the season.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              648 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                Ballmoney Times

                            October 16, 2016 Sunday

MotoGP: Eugene Laverty keen to put disappointing weekend behind him

BYLINE: Kyle White

LENGTH: 379  words


Eugene Laverty had a weekend to forget at the Japanese round of the MotoGP World
Championship at Motegi, where the Aspar Ducati rider's race ended prematurely on
Sunday following an early crash.

On Friday, the Toome man was fortunate to escape serious injury following a
massive high-side during free practice, which saw the 30-year-old flung from his
Desmosedici GP14.2.

After initial examination at the circuit medical centre, he was flown by
helicopter to the Dokkyo Medical University Hospital for precautionary checks,
which revealed he had not suffered any injuries.

Laverty was then passed fit to continue but the Northern Ireland rider slid out
of contention on the third lap of the race and later held his hands up,
admitting he had made an uncharacteristic mistake.

Laverty, a model of consistency all season, saw his bid to finish in the top ten
in the championship suffer a dent and is now keen to move on to this weekend's
Australian round at the scenic Phillip Island circuit.

"The crash was my mistake. I was overtaking [Katsuyuki] Nakasuga in turn nine,
the first gear left corner. I  tried to turn too tight when I overtook him and
lost the front at the apex," he explained.

"The third lap of the race is too early to make a mistake like that so I am
upset because after everything that has happened this weekend.

"The main thing today was to try and get a result but I made a silly mistake on
lap three, so that's why I am disappointed. It has been a strange weekend for
sure, maybe it wasn't to be," Laverty added.

"We started the weekend so strong until the crash. Now we will try to regroup
and start again in Australia."

Laverty dropped one place in the standings to 12th and is now 13 points behind
Spain's Hector Barbera, who occupies tenth position.

Laverty is preparing for his final three races in the MotoGP premier class ahead
of his move back to the World Superbike Championship in 2017, when he will ride
a factory-supported Aprilia for Shaun Muir Racing with title backing from
Milwaukee.

Repsol Honda's Marc Marquez won his third MotoGP world title at Motegi, where he
claimed his maiden win at the Twin Ring Circuit. Marquez sealed the championship
after Movistar Yamaha riders Valentino Rossi and Jorge Lorenzo both crashed out
in separate incidents.

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: INBM


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              649 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                Mid-Ulster Mail

                            October 16, 2016 Sunday

MotoGP: Eugene Laverty keen to put disappointing weekend behind him

BYLINE: Kyle White

LENGTH: 379  words


Eugene Laverty had a weekend to forget at the Japanese round of the MotoGP World
Championship at Motegi, where the Aspar Ducati rider's race ended prematurely on
Sunday following an early crash.

On Friday, the Toome man was fortunate to escape serious injury following a
massive high-side during free practice, which saw the 30-year-old flung from his
Desmosedici GP14.2.

After initial examination at the circuit medical centre, he was flown by
helicopter to the Dokkyo Medical University Hospital for precautionary checks,
which revealed he had not suffered any injuries.

Laverty was then passed fit to continue but the Northern Ireland rider slid out
of contention on the third lap of the race and later held his hands up,
admitting he had made an uncharacteristic mistake.

Laverty, a model of consistency all season, saw his bid to finish in the top ten
in the championship suffer a dent and is now keen to move on to this weekend's
Australian round at the scenic Phillip Island circuit.

"The crash was my mistake. I was overtaking [Katsuyuki] Nakasuga in turn nine,
the first gear left corner. I  tried to turn too tight when I overtook him and
lost the front at the apex," he explained.

"The third lap of the race is too early to make a mistake like that so I am
upset because after everything that has happened this weekend.

"The main thing today was to try and get a result but I made a silly mistake on
lap three, so that's why I am disappointed. It has been a strange weekend for
sure, maybe it wasn't to be," Laverty added.

"We started the weekend so strong until the crash. Now we will try to regroup
and start again in Australia."

Laverty dropped one place in the standings to 12th and is now 13 points behind
Spain's Hector Barbera, who occupies tenth position.

Laverty is preparing for his final three races in the MotoGP premier class ahead
of his move back to the World Superbike Championship in 2017, when he will ride
a factory-supported Aprilia for Shaun Muir Racing with title backing from
Milwaukee.

Repsol Honda's Marc Marquez won his third MotoGP world title at Motegi, where he
claimed his maiden win at the Twin Ring Circuit. Marquez sealed the championship
after Movistar Yamaha riders Valentino Rossi and Jorge Lorenzo both crashed out
in separate incidents.

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: INMU


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              650 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                  News Letter

                            October 16, 2016 Sunday

MotoGP: Eugene Laverty keen to put disappointing weekend behind him

BYLINE: Kyle White

LENGTH: 379  words


Eugene Laverty had a weekend to forget at the Japanese round of the MotoGP World
Championship at Motegi, where the Aspar Ducati rider's race ended prematurely on
Sunday following an early crash.

On Friday, the Toome man was fortunate to escape serious injury following a
massive high-side during free practice, which saw the 30-year-old flung from his
Desmosedici GP14.2.

After initial examination at the circuit medical centre, he was flown by
helicopter to the Dokkyo Medical University Hospital for precautionary checks,
which revealed he had not suffered any injuries.

Laverty was then passed fit to continue but the Northern Ireland rider slid out
of contention on the third lap of the race and later held his hands up,
admitting he had made an uncharacteristic mistake.

Laverty, a model of consistency all season, saw his bid to finish in the top ten
in the championship suffer a dent and is now keen to move on to this weekend's
Australian round at the scenic Phillip Island circuit.

"The crash was my mistake. I was overtaking [Katsuyuki] Nakasuga in turn nine,
the first gear left corner. I  tried to turn too tight when I overtook him and
lost the front at the apex," he explained.

"The third lap of the race is too early to make a mistake like that so I am
upset because after everything that has happened this weekend.

"The main thing today was to try and get a result but I made a silly mistake on
lap three, so that's why I am disappointed. It has been a strange weekend for
sure, maybe it wasn't to be," Laverty added.

"We started the weekend so strong until the crash. Now we will try to regroup
and start again in Australia."

Laverty dropped one place in the standings to 12th and is now 13 points behind
Spain's Hector Barbera, who occupies tenth position.

Laverty is preparing for his final three races in the MotoGP premier class ahead
of his move back to the World Superbike Championship in 2017, when he will ride
a factory-supported Aprilia for Shaun Muir Racing with title backing from
Milwaukee.

Repsol Honda's Marc Marquez won his third MotoGP world title at Motegi, where he
claimed his maiden win at the Twin Ring Circuit. Marquez sealed the championship
after Movistar Yamaha riders Valentino Rossi and Jorge Lorenzo both crashed out
in separate incidents.

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: INNL


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              651 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                 Scottish Star

                            September 2, 2016 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Scotland

CAL'S NOT KIDDING AROUND

BYLINE: DAVE FERN

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 42

LENGTH: 237 words


CAL CRUTCHLOW is looking to double up at Silverstone in Sunday's MotoGP
showdown.

The Isle of Man-based rider is aiming to build on his maiden top-flight victory
last time out, at Brno in the Czech Republic.

And he will have wife Lucy and month-old baby daughter Willow supporting him at
the Northamptonshire circuit.

"It's nice to have them here," said the 30-year-old.

"People think that you are not focused when you have a child but since we had
the kid I have gone faster than ever.

"The victory was special and ¦ by DAVE FERN yes, it has sunk in, but there has
been no time for celebrations.

"We tested for a day at Brno after the race then it was straight home, changing
nappies and feeding the baby, a bit of cycling then setting off for here."

Giving

"Now for the race and I will be giving 100 per cent and trying to beat the rest
of the guys.

"Hopefully we can have a good competitive weekend."

The LCR Honda rider added: "I am going into it thinking positively and planning
to give it as much power as we possibly can."

He has history at the circuit, enjoying two wins in the World Superbike series
six years ago.

But despite his success in Brno - and an earlier second place in Germany -
Crutchlow is back in 10th place, well adrift of series leader Marc Marquez
(Repsol Honda).

He said: "We will try to stay concentrated and fight for the podium.

"And we will be pushing at the maximum at this important part of the season."

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: DOUBLE BID: Crutchlow

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DSTscot


                       Copyright 2016 Express Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              652 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                            Belfast Telegraph Online

                       August 26, 2016 Friday 2:30 AM GMT

Andy Reid looking to ink his name on list of World Supersport riders

BYLINE: By Paul Lindsay

SECTION: MOTORCYCLING

LENGTH: 400 words


Jordanstown motorcycle ace Andy Reid has his sights set on the World Supersport
Championship next season.

But to get the golden ticket, the Quattro Plant Cool Kawasaki rider needs to win
the British equivalent, which means getting back to top-step action this weekend
at Cadwell Park.

The quirky racer and talented tattoo artist has won four races in this season's
British Supersport Championship.

He's also had a taste of leading the series, which is turning into a fascinating
three-way battle between Reid, current series leader Tarran Mackenzie and
second-placed man James Westmoreland.

Reid currently holds third place after a problematic weekend at Brands Hatch
last time out.

The series moves to Lincolnshire's Cadwell Park circuit for a Bank Holiday
meeting on Sunday and Monday, and Reid has only one thing on his mind.

"There's no doubt we want to go there and bang in two wins," said the
22-year-old, who was visibly down on power during the last round on the Brands
Hatch GP circuit.

"My team has made some changes for this weekend, so we will need to see how they
go, but it's never easy at Cadwell, as the narrow nature of the track produces
really close racing."

Speaking of the famous Mountain circuit, he said: "I love the Cadwell Park
circuit and it probably suits my style and being a bit taller, the extra
leverage through places like Hall Bends and the Gooseneck certainly helps."

Reid was a winner at the Lincolnshire venue back in 2014 during his British
Superstock 600cc campaign on the FFX Yamaha.

He also tasted success the previous campaign on a 125cc Honda, but last season
he failed to stand on the box during his debut year in the British Supersport
series.

His aim is to settle that score this weekend and to do that, he's been preparing
mentally as well as physically.

"I like to kick back and watch a movie or play the guitar," said Reid, who has
also become a cycling aficionado.

"I love riding my bike. It has become part of my daily training programme and is
perfect for fitness and keeping a taller rider like me lean for a Supersport
machine."

At the Manx Grand Prix last night, Bradford's Dean Harrison took over the mantle
of the fastest rider in the Superbike class when he posted a lap speed of
123.580mph on the Silicone Engineering Kawasaki.

A red flag during the opening session, which came due to an incident on the
approach to Ramsey, put paid to the night's proceedings.

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBBELT


           Copyright 2016 Independent News & Media (Northern Ireland)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              653 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                               Belfast Telegraph

                             August 26, 2016 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Reid looking to ink his name on list of World Supersport riders;
MOTORCYCLING

BYLINE: PAUL LINDSAY

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 57

LENGTH: 401 words


JORDANSTOWN motorcycle ace Andy Reid has his sights set on the World Supersport
Championship next season.

But to get the golden ticket, the Quattro Plant Cool Kawasaki rider needs to win
the British equivalent, which means getting back to top-step action this weekend
at Cadwell Park.

The quirky racer and talented tattoo artist has won four races in this season's
British Supersport Championship. He's also had a taste of lead-ing the series,
which is turning into a fascinating three-way battle between Reid, current
series leader Tarran Mackenzie and second-placed man James Westmoreland.

Reid currently holds third place after a problematic weekend at Brands Hatch
last time out.

The series moves to Lincolnshire's Cadwell Park circuit for a Bank Holiday
meeting on Sunday and Monday, and Reid has only one thing on his mind.

"There's no doubt we want to go there and bang in two wins," said the
22-year-old, who was visibly down on power during the last round on the Brands
Hatch GP circuit.

"My team has made some changes for this weekend, so we will need to see how they
go, but it's never easy at Cadwell, as the narrow nature of the track produces
really close racing." Speaking of the famous Mountain circuit, he said: "I love
the Cadwell Park circuit and it probably suits my style and being a bit taller,
the extra leverage through places like Hall Bends and the Gooseneck certainly
helps."

Reid was a winner at the Lincolnshire venue back in 2014 during his British
Superstock 600cc campaign on the FFX Yamaha.

He also tasted success the previous campaign on a 125cc Honda, but last season
he failed to stand on the box during his debut year in the British Supersport
series.

His aim is to settle that score this weekend and to do that, he's been preparing
mentally as well as physically.

"I like to kick back and watch a movie or play the guitar," said Reid, who has
also become a cycling aficionado.

"I love riding my bike. It has become part of my daily training programme and is
perfect for fitness and keeping a taller rider like me lean for a Supersport
machine."

At the Manx Grand Prix last night, Bradford's Dean Harrison took over the mantle
of the fastest rider in the Superbike class when he posted a lap speed of
123.580mph on the Silicone Engineering Kawasaki.

A red flag during the opening session, which came due to an incident on the
approach to Ramsey, put paid to the night's proceedings.

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Podium man: Andy Reid is aiming to step up at Cadwell

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BTT


                Copyright 2016 Belfast Telegraph Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              654 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            Birmingham Evening Mail

                              July 29, 2016 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Cycle stars on Tour de Brum

BYLINE: PAUL COLE

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 391 words


THE Tour de France is all well and good, with Chris Froome's success in the
scenic splendour of the mountains, countryside and Champs Élysées.

But last night all eyes were on Birmingham - for the Tour de Brum.

British Cycling's National Circuit Race Championships came to the city,
attracting many of the nation's top riders. And Broad Street, more usually
associated with clubbing, gave itself over to pedal power.

Competitors raced along a 1.1 kilometer circuit around for 50 minutes before
putting their bodies through a furious and exhilarating final five laps.

Races started in Broad Street outside the Jurys Inn hotel, turned into Granville
Street and then took in Holliday Street and Bridge Street before going back to
the start line.

Fans turned out to cheer on the cyclists who included leading riders Chris
Lawless and Grace Garner.

Up for grabs were the red, white and blue striped jerseys of British national
champions for the next 12 months.

Previously the race has been won by Olympians and world champions such as Lizzie
Armitstead, Mark Cavendish and Joanna Rowsell. Councillor Ian Ward, deputy
leader of Birmingham City Council, welcomed the event. "Birmingham has a proud
track record of hosting a wide range of prestigious sporting events," he said.

"So I am absolutely delighted that we are welcoming riders and fans alike to
this year's British Cycling National Circuit Race Championships.

"This is a truly fantastic event for Birmingham and one which I hope will also
inspire people across the city to take up cycling."

ON THE PODIUM SCOTTISH cyclist Eileen Roe won the women's event, writes Matt
Cannon. The lone wolf rode a flawless race without the aid of any teammates on
the day.

Claire Rose led the way for much of the race as Roe jostled for position in the
pack.

She timed her sprint to perfection, pushing promising 21-year-old Alice Barnes
(Drops Cycling Team) from Northampton into second, and now former champion,
Nicola Juniper (Team Ford Ecoboost) into third.

In the men's event the hotly-tipped and in-form racer Chris Lawless was first
home.

He was joined on the podium by his JLT Condor teammates in a 1-2-3 clean sweep.

Yorkshire's Russell Downing finished in second ahead of Wales' Jon Mould in
third.

Birmingham has a proud track record of hosting a wide range of prestigious
sporting events.  ;  ;  Councillor Ian Ward  ;

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BMM


               Copyright 2016 Midland Independent Newspapers plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              655 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                   Daily Star

                             July 23, 2016 Saturday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

SHAKEY RECORD RUN

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 44

LENGTH: 201 words


SHANE BYRNE shattered the Thruxton lap record to send out a warning to his
rivals as he prepares for the sixth round of the MCE Insurance British Superbike
Championship.

The Be Wiser Ducati rider, who gained top spot in the title race with a win last
time out at Snetterton, dominated free practice yesterday.

'Shakey' scorched round the track in 1min 14.340secs in the afternoon session,
half a second inside the record of Josh Brookes, the man who beat him to last
year's title.

That stunning run came after the Londoner had sent out an ominous message in the
morning session by powering in a best lap of 1m 15.111secs at the Hampshire
circuit. Byrne is four points ahead of Derbyshire's Leon Haslam going into the
weekend, with a maximum of 50 on offer to any rider at Thruxton.

But the title leader - bidding for an unprecedented fifth domestic crown - is
taking nothing for granted ahead of tomorrow's round.

He said: "I'm keen to take every weekend as it comes at the minute.

"I'm enjoying developing our package one step at a time and with every passing
meeting, we are getting stronger and stronger.

"I love these fast circuits and it suits the bike well. It'd be great to rattle
off a couple more podiums,

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: ¦ WHEEL FAST: Shane Byrne demolished the lap record at Thruxton

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DST


                       Copyright 2016 Express Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              656 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                Falmouth Packet

                             June 8, 2016 Wednesday

Day of reckoning for Forest as he tries to qualify for ultimate TT race

SECTION: SPORT

LENGTH: 282 words


Falmouth road racer Forest Dunn is living the dream at the Isle of Man TT this
week.

The 28 year old admits his debut at the event is "mentally and physically
draining" but today he will attempt to qualify for Friday's Seniors' race - the
main competition of the week.

"It's been a tough week, with lots of stuff going on, but as I'm learning the
circuit I'm getting faster and it looks promising for the future."

Forest is the least experienced rider in the entire field, although he managed
to finish 53rd from 72 starters in the Superstock race on Monday.

"The circuit is the bumpiest I've ever ridden. There's probably 10 to 15 of the
37 miles that is like riding motocross. You have to try and stay relaxed on the
bike, if you try and fight it, it'll bite you.

"This course makes our Cornish country roads look like glass," he said.

On Saturday he had a minor crash, when he entered a corner too early and his
handlebars caught a hay bale, causing the wheels to lock and throwing him over
the front of the bike while travelling at around 30mph. He suffered an injury to
his heel and the bike needed some emergency repairs.

He has also had to deal with the death of Paul Shoesmith, 50, who crashed during
solo practice on Saturday evening.

"Everyone was a bit dazed and confused after that - he was very popular guy who
helped up-and-coming riders including myself."

Australian Dwight Beare, 27, was killed in a separate accident on the same day.

"The organisers want us to be quick, but also safe. I will be the least
experienced guy on the grid in the one-lap qualifier, but I have been getting
quicker during the week and if I make it into Friday's race, I'll be 110 per
cent happy," Forest added.

LOAD-DATE: June 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              657 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                Ballmoney Times

                              May 15, 2016 Sunday

Violet's reunion with Horst

BYLINE: Sports Desk

LENGTH: 202  words


North West 200 fan Violet McAfee had an emotional reunion with Horst Saiger a
few months agon.

The 44-year-old was left fighting for her life after Horst Saiger's Kawasaki
collided with her in a garden on the north coast circuit.

Violet was watching the Superstock race in a friend's garden on the north coast
circuit when she was struck in a three-bike smash during the event last year.

She was airlifted to hospital in a critical condition as medics also treated
Saiger and fellow rider Stephen Thompson who was caught up in the crash.

The Austrian rider travelled back to Northern Ireland a few months ago to meet
the Portrush woman.

"I am overwhelmed." Violet said after the pair embraced at the special reception
organised by her work colleagues.

"It is great to meet Horst for the first time and to have him here."

"The worst thing was not my injuries but when I heard that Violet had been hit
by my bike." Saiger said after presenting Violet with one of his race helmets.

"I was very worried but it was one of the best days of my life when I heard that
she was going to be OK. She is so positive and she says she is going to come and
watch us racing again."

Violet is hoping to attend Thursday's races at the circuit.

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: INBM


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              658 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                Coleraine Times

                              May 15, 2016 Sunday

Violet's reunion with Horst

BYLINE: Sports Desk

LENGTH: 202  words


North West 200 fan Violet McAfee had an emotional reunion with Horst Saiger a
few months agon.

The 44-year-old was left fighting for her life after Horst Saiger's Kawasaki
collided with her in a garden on the north coast circuit.

Violet was watching the Superstock race in a friend's garden on the north coast
circuit when she was struck in a three-bike smash during the event last year.

She was airlifted to hospital in a critical condition as medics also treated
Saiger and fellow rider Stephen Thompson who was caught up in the crash.

The Austrian rider travelled back to Northern Ireland a few months ago to meet
the Portrush woman.

"I am overwhelmed." Violet said after the pair embraced at the special reception
organised by her work colleagues.

"It is great to meet Horst for the first time and to have him here."

"The worst thing was not my injuries but when I heard that Violet had been hit
by my bike." Saiger said after presenting Violet with one of his race helmets.

"I was very worried but it was one of the best days of my life when I heard that
she was going to be OK. She is so positive and she says she is going to come and
watch us racing again."

Violet is hoping to attend Thursday's races at the circuit.

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: INCR


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              659 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                Ballmoney Times

                             May 12, 2016 Thursday

Violet's reunion with Horst

BYLINE: Sports Desk

LENGTH: 202  words


North West 200 fan Violet McAfee had an emotional reunion with Horst Saiger a
few months agon.

The 44-year-old was left fighting for her life after Horst Saiger's Kawasaki
collided with her in a garden on the north coast circuit.

Violet was watching the Superstock race in a friend's garden on the north coast
circuit when she was struck in a three-bike smash during the event last year.

She was airlifted to hospital in a critical condition as medics also treated
Saiger and fellow rider Stephen Thompson who was caught up in the crash.

The Austrian rider travelled back to Northern Ireland a few months ago to meet
the Portrush woman.

"I am overwhelmed." Violet said after the pair embraced at the special reception
organised by her work colleagues.

"It is great to meet Horst for the first time and to have him here."

"The worst thing was not my injuries but when I heard that Violet had been hit
by my bike." Saiger said after presenting Violet with one of his race helmets.

"I was very worried but it was one of the best days of my life when I heard that
she was going to be OK. She is so positive and she says she is going to come and
watch us racing again."

Violet is hoping to attend Thursday's races at the circuit.

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: INBM


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              660 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                Coleraine Times

                             May 12, 2016 Thursday

Violet's reunion with Horst

BYLINE: Sports Desk

LENGTH: 202  words


North West 200 fan Violet McAfee had an emotional reunion with Horst Saiger a
few months agon.

The 44-year-old was left fighting for her life after Horst Saiger's Kawasaki
collided with her in a garden on the north coast circuit.

Violet was watching the Superstock race in a friend's garden on the north coast
circuit when she was struck in a three-bike smash during the event last year.

She was airlifted to hospital in a critical condition as medics also treated
Saiger and fellow rider Stephen Thompson who was caught up in the crash.

The Austrian rider travelled back to Northern Ireland a few months ago to meet
the Portrush woman.

"I am overwhelmed." Violet said after the pair embraced at the special reception
organised by her work colleagues.

"It is great to meet Horst for the first time and to have him here."

"The worst thing was not my injuries but when I heard that Violet had been hit
by my bike." Saiger said after presenting Violet with one of his race helmets.

"I was very worried but it was one of the best days of my life when I heard that
she was going to be OK. She is so positive and she says she is going to come and
watch us racing again."

Violet is hoping to attend Thursday's races at the circuit.

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: INCR


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              661 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                 The Irish News

                             March 21, 2016 Monday

Sport - Sheils chasing a slice of history

BYLINE: WIllis Marshall

SECTION: Pg. 54

LENGTH: 349 words


Dubliner Derek Sheils will be hoping to rewrite a little piece of history next
weekend.

The Burrows Engineering rider will be gunning to become the first rider in
history to notch up four Enkalon Trophy wins when the 40th running of the event,
run in association with Cornmarket Insurance Services, takes place over the
Bishopscourt circuit near Downpatrick.

With a cool £1,000 up for grabs to the winner of the feature race, Sheils will
start as firm favourite as he goes out to retain the trophy which he won last
year.

However, one thing that goes against Sheils will be the strength of the
opposition.

This includes current Irish Superbike champion Ryan Rainey on the IFS Global
Logistics R1 Yamaha, along with Castledawson rider Nico Mawhinney, Dromara's Ali
Kirk, Waterford's Brian McCormick, and Dublin's Cody Nally.

Practice and qualifying will take place this Friday to determine grid positions
for Saturday's races, which have again attracted the backing of Walter Bell and
Son for the Supersport 600 races.

Antrim's Nikki Coates comes up alongside Jason Lynn, Robert Kennedy and Brian
McCormick, who should all make the front running of this competitive class.

The meeting will also be supporting the Chest Heart and Stroke Charity at the
event, which has an admission of £15 for the two days.

The meeting will also be the opening round of the Irish and Ulster Short Circuit
Championships before heading to the other side of the Ards Peninsula on Easter
Monday for round two which will be staged by the Belfast and District Club at
the Kirkistown circuit.

With the tarmac racing season really kicking into gear over the next week, the
first of the Irish road races then takes place a week later with the JMF Haulage
Mid Antrim 150 road races near Clough in Co- Antrim.

Off road, the ever popular John Donnelly Motocross will take place on Saturday
in Downpatrick with the event again being staged by the Killinchy Motorcycle
Club.

Meanwhile, Dungannon road racer Ryan Farquhar will join up with Yorkshire's Ian
Hutchinson in the Tyco BMW Team for this year's North West 200 and Isle of Man
TT Races.

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 The Irish News Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              662 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                  Burton Mail

                          December 30, 2015 Wednesday

Superbike team put new machines to the test in Spanish sun

SECTION: SPORT:MOTORSPORT; Pg. 36-37

LENGTH: 427  words


SWADLINCOTE-based British Superbikes team Anvil Hire Yamaha has completed a
positive shakedown test of its new bike ahead of the 2016 season.

The team have now returned home following the first test at Spain's Cartagena
circuit

All three riders - Billy McConnell, James Rispoli and Shaun Winfield - took to
the circuit to find their feet on board the new R1 under the sun in Murcia,
ahead of a very busy testing schedule planned for  the new year.

The bikes  used during the day were in stock specification to give the riders
the best feeling before upgrading the machines to full superbike spec after
Christmas.

The test also meant the riders could settle in with their mechanics and machines
to give them the best start ahead of the 2016 season, which starts on April 8 at
Silverstone.

"We're really chuffed with how it went - it was important for us to get the time
under our belts before the new year so we can hit the ground running in January,
when we return to Spain with the full superbike spec machines," said team
manager Steve Randle.

"We weren't here for lap times or to break the lap record. We just wanted the
riders to gain the feeling and understanding for the bike, which they have done.

"They have given us some great feedback so we can head back to the workshop to
improve on the areas highlighted, and we'll now be busy at work before we head
back to Spain in the new year."

McConnell said: "It was great, I really loved that.

"It was a great shakedown to find out some things that we need to work on before
we go out to Spain again.

"We've drawn up sort of a wish list now of what we need, handlebars and seat
foam, things like that, but this  was mainly about familiarising myself with the
bike, and its characteristics.

"I didn't push too hard, I just took it steady and got laps in which was
important,

"It was great to work with the TAG team again. There are some things to work on
but it was great to get out before Christmas to find these issues, so we can hit
the ground running in our next test."

Rispoli added: "Cartagena was the perfect track for the first test.

"The R1 is literally the perfect bike to step up to Superbikes with because it
feels like a big R6.

"We have made a consistent start and with more miles and upgrades for our next
tests we should be in a good place."

Winfield was similarly pleased after completing his first test onboard the new
machine at the 3.5km circuit.

"I hadn't been to the track before so I had to learn the circuit at the start of
the day but the bike felt really good from the first session," he said.

LOAD-DATE: December 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: JAMES Rispoli was delighted with his first outing in Spain on the new
Anvil Hire R1 Yamaha.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2015 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved


                              663 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                  The Northern Echo (Newsquest Regional Press)

                              May 2, 2015 Saturday

Mahe storms to victory in Tour De Yorkshire

SECTION: SPORT

LENGTH: 309 words


LOUISE Mahe won the inaugural Tour de Yorkshire women's race in a photo finish
in York on Saturday.

The IKON-Mazda rider edged out Eileen Roe (Wiggle Honda) and Katie Curtis (Pearl
Izumi) by a matter of inches after four laps of the 20km circuit around the
historic city.

Ninety-nine riders, across four categories, lined up for the race on the circuit
which is also part of stage two of the men's race later in the day.

"It was really fast the whole time," London-based Mahe said of the race. "I
think someone has said the average speed was 24.7 mph so it was really quick.
You looked back and it was strung out so you know everyone is going hard and
people are clinging on."

The course was once again lined with spectators and Mahe described the
atmosphere as "amazing".

"There were crowds all around the course and people cheering us on. At one point
I just thought, 'Wow, this is quite cool'.

"It almost seems in the UK that it's a normal thing to have a Tour and a women's
race running alongside. It should only go from strength to strength."

Katie Archibald, another Pearl Izumi rider, won the sprint competition -
crossing the line second after the first and second laps, and first after the
third.

Both she and Curtis were helped by team-mate Dame Sarah Storey, the three-time
British national track champion and multiple Paralympic Games gold medal winner.

"I was in charge of working hard today, using my big engine to make it hard for
the other teams and making my team-mates' race as easy as possible," Storey
said. "Katie Archibald has won the sprint and we've got Katie Curtis on the
podium so hopefully that power has been put to good use.

"It was a fantastic event, the organisers have done an amazing job and the
atmosphere all round the circuit was superb, there was a real buzz about it.

"There's a long way to go but this is a brilliant start today."

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              664 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                              Eastern Daily Press

                            April 18, 2015 Saturday

Cyclists can get on the grid at charity day

BYLINE: PR Page Manager 14

SECTION: ROP

LENGTH: 115 words


Cyclists will be able to get on the chequered grid for a change at a charity
event which is looking to raise money for a children's hospice appeal.



TJ Motorsport is hosting a charity cycle event at Snetterton race track on May 1
from 5.30pm to 8pm, with riders able to test themselves on the three-mile
circuit.

Taking part costs £10, but once registered, riders can do as many circuits as
they wish until the close of play.

Money raised will be going to the East Anglia's Children's Hospices (EACH) nook
appeal. The appeal is raising money for a new facility for EACH near Norwich.

Refreshments will be available from the Tyrrells restaurant.

For information, call TJ Motorsport on 07802 268435.

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EDP


                    Copyright 2015 Archant Regional Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              665 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                            Exeter Express and Echo

                            April 16, 2015 Thursday

SECTION: AGENCY:OTHER; Pg. 67

LENGTH: 178  words


EXETER University's cycling team produced a strong showing at the University TT
National Championships on Saturday.

Oscar Hutchings recorded a personal best of 20mins 46secs on the 10-mile circuit
to take eighth place.

In the women's race, Emma Cockcroft finished fifth in 23.42, just 12 seconds off
the bronze medal position.

Also taking place on Saturday was the final stage of the Kalas South West
Series, which was a circuit race at Ilton.

On a windy day, the pack was too bunched together with no rider able to break
away.

Alex Sheehan came seventh, while Lucy Gowing finished comfortably inside the
pack.

The results are positive for the students, in what are very early days for this
season and build on previously good performances earlier in the year.

Andy Feather was the only non-professional rider to finish in the top 12 of the
Totnes to Vire stage race, the most prestigious race to take place in Devon all
year, with Josh Jones also competing.

An earlier round of the Kalas South West Series was the Four Firs TT, with
Cockcroft finishing fifth and Gowing 10th.

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2015 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved


                              666 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                   Gulf Times

                           January 17, 2015 Saturday

West on song at Losail

BYLINE: Sports Reporter/Doha

LENGTH: 268  words


Winners in the Qatar Superbike (top) and Supersport categories pose at the
Losail International circuit yesterday.

Anthony West won both races of the day in the fourth round of the Qatar
Superbike at the Losail International Circuit yesterday.
"Both races were good, but in the second race it was a bit dark and I went with
the dark visor, so it was quite hard to see when the sun was behind the clouds,"
West said.


"So it was difficult to match the times I was doing in the first race. But I am
happy because I was much faster than when I was last time here and the bike is
getting better," he added.
Alex Cudlin finished in second position in both races and had no complaints.
"I am happy this weekend, two seconds is nice," he said. I didn't have the speed
of Anthony, he was too strong for me. It's been a successful weekend' Cudlin
added.
The third position went to Mishal al-Naimi.
In the other categories, the Saudi rider Abdulaziz Binladin, on a Kawasaki, won
both races in the Supersport category while Honda rider Fahad al-Sowaidi was
second.
In the Losail Asian Road Racing Series, the Hungarian female rider Victoria Kis
won the first race of the day and Shelina Moreda from the United States of
America was victorious in the second.
The next round for Qatar Superbike is on March 6 and 7
Meanwhile, in the third round of the Qatar Challenge, Mark Holroyd stormed to
victory. The second position was for the French driver Luc Mathern, while Shady
El Mohandes from Egypt was third.
The next round for Qatar Challenge will be next weekend together with Porsche
GT3 CUP Challenge at Losail International Circuit.

LOAD-DATE: January 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 183


                      Copyright 2015 Gulf Times Newspaper
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              667 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                               Belfast Telegraph

                           November 29, 2014 Saturday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

'More should be done in our schools';
CASE STUDY 2

BYLINE: LINDA STEWART

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 193 words


ONE of Ireland's top circuit riders, Jonny Buckley (below), was on his way to do
a job for his mother when he was killed in an accident close to his home in
Ballyclare last October.

His father Keith, who worked with Jonny at the family firm Module Road and Race
accessories store in Antrim, is still waiting for the inquest to shed some light
on what happened.

"Jonny was 27 and less than a mile from his mother's home on a road he drove on
every day, and he absolutely loved cars and bikes, just like many young men," he
said.

"You just carry on. You live a different life. Life is difficult sometimes. You
never get over it, you just get used to living a different life."

Keith is concerned that road safety education in schools could be under threat.

"I don't tend to think the ads on the TV, although effective, reach the ones
they are intended for. Other people understand and see, but I don't think they
get through to the minds of youngsters," he said.

"I think there should be more education in schools. Lots of accidents happen
when you have a group of lads in a car and one is showing off. You see it every
week and you realise it's someone's life forever."

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BTT


                Copyright 2014 Belfast Telegraph Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              668 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                               Stoke The Sentinel

                             June 12, 2014 Thursday

Sprint star Emadi selected for Commonwealth Games

SECTION: SPORT:LOCAL SPORT; Pg. 45

LENGTH: 544  words


KIAN Emadi has been selected in England's Commonwealth Games team.

The 21-year-old, who was crowned Stoke-on-Trent Sports Personality of the Year
last week, will be heading to Glasgow to compete in the track sprint events next
month.

The Penkhull bullet is in a 31-strong cycling squad, which also includes Jason
Kenny, Phil Hindes and Sir Bradley Wiggins.

"This cycling team is undoubtedly the best we have ever seen selected for Team
England," said Team England Chef de Mission Jan Paterson.

"To have eight Olympic Champions line up alongside some supremely talented
younger athletes is genuinely exciting for us."

Emadi has enjoyed a breakthrough 14 months on the international stage since
being called to fill Sir Chris Hoy's role in the British sprint team at last
year's World Championships.

He has starred alongside Kenny and Hindes in world and European three-man team
events, setting a new world record at the Mexico World Cup in August - although
it was then broken again by the victorious German team.

The former St Joseph's College student has continued to shine in individual
races too, and defended his title as national kilo champion in October.

Technical director Shane Sutton said: "It's great that we have such a talented
pool of English cyclists to select from.

"I speak on behalf of all the team when I say we can't wait for the racing to
begin in Glasgow."

ADRIAN Humpage laid down a new marker as he continued his chase for Lyme Racing
Club's season-long best all-rounder competition.

The Alsager-based rider clocked 2hr 0mins 39secs when he took on the Veterans
Time Trial Association's National 50 on the undulating Prees to Shawbirch roads.

That is the fastest time at the club this season and now Humpage holds the
year's best times over 10, 25 and 50 miles.

His club-mate Will Corden, from Tean, finished in 31st place after the first
stage of the Holme Valley Wheelers two-day event.

But an excellent time trial, when he finished fourth, took him up right up to
11th in the overall classification.

Giles Drake, riding for Leisure Lakes, won the event.

BRADLEY Hill claimed a well-deserved podium place at the British Schools Cycling
Association under-13s circuit race.

The Meir Heath schoolboy claimed a silver medal after six laps of the Darley
Moor motorcycle circuit.

RICHARD Bodwitch and Steven Hall filled the top two spots in the Tean 10 series
for the second week in succession.

Bowditch was first home of the Lyme duo in a depleted field due to heavy rain.

He recorded a personal best time of 23mins 12secs, no mean feat considering the
conditions.

Hall stopped the clock at 24.18, while third place went to unattached rider
Joshua Spendelow with 25.36.

That heavy rain led to treacherous conditions at the latest Darley Moor circuit
races, but they failed to prevent Lyme's Aaron Mansell, from Harriseahead,
taking another victory in the under-10s event.

Club-mates Alex Coates and Farley Barber performed impressively to finish in
second and fourth positions respectively in the under-14s race.

JOHN Swinnerton was first home when only seven riders took on the rain in the
latest Crewe Clarion 10.

The Kidsgrove Wheelers stalwart crossed the line in 24mins 20secs, ahead of Matt
Dyke (Newcastle Tri) in 25.49 and Rebecca Marshall (Team Vision) in 25.59.

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: ON HIS BIKE: Kian Emadi has been selected to represent England at the
Commonwealth Games.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2014 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved


                              669 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                 Pakistan Today

                              June 6, 2014 Friday

Superbikes Sepang WSBK: Guintoli heads second practice in Sepang

LENGTH: 556  words


Aprilia's Sylvain Guintoli used his prior track knowledge to his advantage
during this afternoon's second World Superbike free practice session in Sepang.
The Frenchman set the fastest time of 2'05.096 and was able to edge his
team-mate Marco Melandri off the top of the timesheets.

In a repeat of the morning's FP1 session it was an Aprilia 1-2-3, with Red
Devils Roma's Toni Elias completing the provisional front row. But Melandri and
Elias did not find any extra pace in FP2, but their best laps from the first
session were still good enough to place them second and third respectively on
the timing-screens.

This is the first time that the series has held a round at the Malaysian
circuit, but the top three have all experienced the circuit before in their
respective MotoGP and 250cc careers.

Kawasaki's Tom Sykes was one of the first riders who bettered their time set in
the morning session, but the reigning champ couldn't penetrate the top two and
was still one-tenth off the pace of Melandri after 15 minutes with a 2'05.283.

Throughout the session the temperatures continued to rise, with many riders
retreating to the cool of their garages and in the shade from the sweltering
heat. But the weather didn't seem to affect Ducati's Chaz Davies. The Welshman
pushed his way into the top five with a 2'05.448 with 12 minutes remaining,
getting the better of team-mate Giugliano in the process by five-tenths of a
second.

Davies has prior experience to the Malaysian circuit after his time competing in
the MotoGP race in 2007 and in the 250cc classes too, and his track knowledge
gave him that extra edge over his Italian garage-buddy  but it was not to last.
A quick final lap from Giugliano powered him through to fourth overall when
there was less than 20 seconds left on the clock.

Voltcom Suzuki's Alex Lowes was new to the track but certainly appeared to enjoy
his time out on the circuit. The Lincolnshire lad was able to improve from FP1
and after 35 minutes leapt to seventh from tenth after a 2'06.089 followed
closely by Pata Honda's Jonathan Rea and Voltcom Suzuki's Eugene Laverty.

ut Laverty was not going to let his rookie team-mate get the better of him and
went 0.08 seconds quicker with only five minutes of track time left. Elsewhere
at the top of the timesheets Guintoli clocked 2'05.096, going one-tenth quicker
than Melandri's fastest lap  and into the provisional pole position.

Laverty was on a roll and soon had his sights set on a place inside the top five
and he did just that with only two minutes left. He overtook Davies on the
timesheets to place his Suzuki on a provisional second row with a 2'05.356.

When the chequered flag appeared, Giugliano storming to fourth meant that Sykes,
Laverty, Davies and Rea were all pushed down the table  with only five-tenths of
a second separating the Irish, British and Welsh pack.

Lowes was unable to get a last-lap dash under his belt and slipped down to
tenth, followed by Pata Honda's Leon Haslam. BMW Italia's Leon Camier was riding
through the pain after sustaining a nasty bicep injury during the last round.

ut it didn't seem to be much of an issue for the Kent rider as he ended the
afternoon the fastest Evo rider in the class after a solid 2'06.898, placing him
12th overall. Alstare's Christian Iddon ended the afternoon in 15th on his
Bimota BB3 Evo machine.

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Nawa Media (Pvt.) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              670 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                             Torquay Herald Express

                              May 1, 2014 Thursday

Cycling festival first for Bay at closed circuit track

SECTION: NEWS:PEOPLE; Pg. 46

LENGTH: 409  words


TORBAY'S first Cycling Festival is to be held at the new 1.5km £800,000 closed
road circuit at Clennon Valley in Paignton  next month.

It is hoped it will be the biggest mass participation cycling event ever held in
the Bay.

Everyone is invited to go and enjoy riding round the special circuit for the
first time at the special celebratory event on June 1 which will include races
as well for youngsters and women.

British Cycling, which funded half of the cost of the facility, is urging its
club members to come along to the Cycling Festival to sample the new circuit and
show their skills to inspire beginners and newcomers to cycling.

Torbay Council's residents and visitor services team is determined to make the
event a success, with attractions and entertainment laid on for the crowds,
whether they are cyclists or accompanying friends and family. More details will
be announced nearer the time.

Cllr Robert Excell, Torbay Council's executive lead for sport, said: "We want to
attract the committed racer and members of the wider public alike who want to
take part of cycling club activity.

"This regional centre for cycling is a great addition to Torbay's sporting
infrastructure and really puts us on the map for cycling development as well as
creating an exciting new facility for visitors and residents of Torbay who just
want to come along and have fun."

Catherine Williams, community and sports officer for Torbay Council, said:
"Remember if 200 people join a cycling club, 20 will stay around for more than
five years and two of them will be talented riders. If we do not get the 200,
there is no chance of getting the 20 or the two!"

Brian Johnston, recreation manager south west for British Cycling, said: "I am
very much looking forward to the Torbay Cycling Festival which will showcase
this great new facility in Torbay.

"I hope to see riders of all ages coming along, whether they are existing
riders, new to cycling or returning after many years, the event will provide a
great opportunity to sample what cycling has to offer."

There will be a selection of youth and women's races held on the new track
throughout the day.

Registration has opened  at www.goskyride.com/torbay

There are opportunities for business promotion at the event and space for local
clubs to promote themselves and any members of the public who just want to come
along and join in the fun.

To find out more, email  Sports@torbay.gov.uk The day will run from 10am to 4pm.

LOAD-DATE: April 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2014 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved


                              671 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                 Retford Times

                            April 24, 2014 Thursday

Time trial test for Trent Valley

SECTION: AGENCY:SPORT; Pg. 61

LENGTH: 257  words


Three of Trent Valley Road Clubs time trial specialist were in action at the
Sleaford Wheelers CC Charity 10 mile Time Trial in Aid of Cancer Research UK on
Saturday, April 19.

Paul Brownless put in the club's most successful effort of the day taking 44th
place from a field of 99 riders.

Steve Jackson and Amanda Jackson were also in attendance finishing 59th and 87th
respectively.

The club's evening time trial league continued on Tuesday, April 15 with the
first two up ride of the season.

In the two up time trials, riders are allowed to select their partner for the
race.

Results:   1st Paul Brownless & Andy Codd 24mins 16secs (Time Trial Bike); 2nd
Rob Webster & James Vickers 24-53 (Road Bike); 3rd Cliff & Ross Williams 32-07
(Road Bike); Shaun Pycroft 25-56 (Solo Time Trial Bike).

Sunday's "Come & Try It" event was as successful as always with the shortened
social ride of 30 miles and the five mile time trail event attracting 15 riders.

The club's closed circuit league starts on Thursday, April 24.

The bi-weekly event is made up of two races on the closed circuit at the
Lincolnshire Show Ground.

One Scratch Race and one Handicap race where time is awarded depending on a
riders position in the Scratch Race.

Closed Circuit races are extremely fast and furious and very enjoyable, anyone
wishing to ride in these events must be a member of the club.

For more information on the Closed Circuit Racing and club's competitive and
non-competitive events please visit the website www.trentvalley roadclub.co.uk
or find us on Facebook.

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2014 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved


                              672 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            The Namibian (Windhoek)

                                January 18, 2014

Craven Retains Red Jersey

LENGTH: 185 words


The penultimate stage of the Tropicale Amissa Bongo saw the Namibian national
cycling team defend Dan Craven's red jersey, for the leading African rider.

The stage, a 120km circuit race around Port Gentil, was run off at a ferocious
pace, as the overall contenders fought for every advantage.

Costa Seibeb, who was instrumental in helping Craven get across to a twenty-nine
rider break that led for a number of kilometres, said,

"All the favourites were battling hard for the bonus sprints, but for us all
that mattered was keeping Dan well placed, and making sure that if any dangerous
breaks went he would be with them."

"The pace was high, but I managed to help Dan across to one move, and for a
while that looked like it might work, but they were eventually brought back."

"Still Dan and I finished well, and we kept the jersey, so it was a good day for
us, in the end."

For the Namibian team, after six hard days of racing, it was a tough day, with
the four other team members finishing behind the peloton.

The race concludes tomorrow with another 120km circuit race, this time in the
Gabonese capital, Librevillé.

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              673 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                Malvern Gazette

                            October 14, 2013 Monday

Shelton in push for top four spot

SECTION: SPORT

LENGTH: 186 words


DYMOCK team E3 Motorsport's rider Arnie Shelton is enjoying his most successful
season to date.

The 24-year-old motorcycle racer currently sits fourth in the Moto-Star 125GP
British Championship standings.

In the support class to the British Superbike Championship, Shelton followed his
three rostrums and top-four finishes with another fourth at round 10 in Assen,
Holland.

He was down in 22nd overall and ninth in the 125GP class in early qualifying and
an engine breakdown then left him with a lowly sixthrow start from a large grid
of 40 riders.

The 12-lap race on the fast 4.5-kilometre circuit enjoyed the best weather of
the three days and Shelton moved up to seventh in his category by the end of lap
one.

He improved to third in the last lap but a rare mistake going into the final
chicane while battling for second spot forced him off the circuit and he had to
settle for fourth.

Shelton's top-three push in the overall standings had not been helped by a
nonfinish at Cadwell Park, Lincolnshire, in August after his chain snapped while
in third position after a best qualifying performance of the year of second.

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              674 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                Malvern Gazette

                            October 14, 2013 Monday

Shelton in push for top four spot

SECTION: ROUND-UP (MALVERN SPORT ROUNDUP)

LENGTH: 186 words


DYMOCK team E3 Motorsport's rider Arnie Shelton is enjoying his most successful
season to date.

The 24-year-old motorcycle racer currently sits fourth in the Moto-Star 125GP
British Championship standings.

In the support class to the British Superbike Championship, Shelton followed his
three rostrums and top-four finishes with another fourth at round 10 in Assen,
Holland.

He was down in 22nd overall and ninth in the 125GP class in early qualifying and
an engine breakdown then left him with a lowly sixthrow start from a large grid
of 40 riders.

The 12-lap race on the fast 4.5-kilometre circuit enjoyed the best weather of
the three days and Shelton moved up to seventh in his category by the end of lap
one.

He improved to third in the last lap but a rare mistake going into the final
chicane while battling for second spot forced him off the circuit and he had to
settle for fourth.

Shelton's top-three push in the overall standings had not been helped by a
nonfinish at Cadwell Park, Lincolnshire, in August after his chain snapped while
in third position after a best qualifying performance of the year of second.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              675 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         Business Mirror (Philippines)

                           September 30, 2013 Monday

Portugal's Rui Costa wins road cycling world title

LENGTH: 769  words


Rui Costa of Portugal prevailed over a star-studded field to win a grueling road
race at the cycling world championships on Sunday, edging Joaquin Rodriguez of
Spain in a two-man sprint finish.

Rodriguez attacked several times in the final lap of a hilly circuit but Rui
Costa caught him in the finishing straight and easily won the sprint for the
biggest victory of his career.

In the final kilometer, Rodriguez turned around and said something to Costa.

"He told me to pass him," Costa said after putting on the rainbow jersey.
"Obviously I didn't want to pass him. Then it was just a tactical game. I was
just hoping my legs wouldn't fail me and they didn't."

Costa clocked seven hours, 25 minutes and 44 seconds over the marathon-like
272-kilometer (169-mile) route to become the first Portuguese winner in the
race's 86-year history.

The 26-year-old Costa has won three stages at the Tour de France, one in 2011
and two this year, and he also won the Tour de Suisse this year and last.

Rodriguez crossed with the same time and Alejandro Valverde of Spain edged local
favorite Vincenzo Nibali of Italy for third, 15 seconds behind.

"The only thing that counts is to win and I didn't win today," Rodriguez said.
"Rui Costa had had the race of his life."

Costa, whose full name is Rui Alberto Faria da Costa, has been a teammate of
Valverde's on the Movistar trade team but he will join Lampre next year.

It was Valverde's record fifth podium but he has still never won.

"I'm not happy with third now but I think later I will be, and also with
Purito's [Rodriguez's] silver. It was a good day for Spain," Valverde said.
"Although I would be happier with gold."

The course started in Lucca near the coast and ended with 10 laps of a difficult
16.6-kilometer (10.3-mile) circuit in and around Florence.

For more than six hours, heavy rain fell. But the sun eventually came out and
dried the course for the final lap.

Still, the conditions resulted in only 61 of 208 riders finishing.

The circuit's highlights were one long climb, a 4.4-kilometer (2.7-mile) ascent
to the scenic town of Fiesole with an average gradient of 5 percent, then after
a brief but technical descent another short but steep climb of 600 meters with
gradients as high as 16 percent.

With the constant climbing and descending, some riders compared it to a
roller-coaster.

Despite the rain, fans turned out in large numbers, especially when riders
passed by Florence's Duomo cathedral and wound their way through the city's
medieval streets.

Five riders broke away from the pack soon after the start and established a lead
of seven minutes at one point. But the main pack began to pick up the pace as it
entered the circuit and of the original five-Bartosz Huzarski (Poland), Rafaa
Chtioui (Tunisia), Yonder Godoy (Venezuela), Matthias Brandle (Austria) and Jan
Barta (Czech Republic)-only Barta and Huzarski were left in front after five
laps.

Huzarski was the lone leader when Italy's Giovanni Visconti caught up with him
during the eighth lap but they were both then quickly swallowed by the chasing
pack.

A group of about 50 riders was in the lead entering the final lap. Then the
attacks began, first by Italy's Michele Scarponi on the Fiesole climb, then by
Nibali, and finally with Rodriguez and Rui Costa.

Pre-race favorites Peter Sagan and Fabian Cancellara couldn't respond to
Scarponi's attack and were dropped. Sagan finished sixth and Cancellara was
10th, each 34 seconds behind.

With riders not permitted to wear two-way radios, they were advised of their
status by team helpers along the side of the road holding up info boards, like
in Formula One.

There were several crashes. One, on the second lap of the circuit, forced 2009
winner Cadel Evans of Australia to withdraw. Also, Rigoberto Uran of Colombia
crashed hard on the final lap.

It was a race to forget for what was considered a strong British team featuring
the last two Tour de France winners, Bradley Wiggins and Chris Froome, plus
sprinting standout Mark Cavendish.

Of the eight British starters, none finished.

"Bad day for me today," Froome tweeted. "Really tough circuit under these
conditions."

Also, it was announced that Jonathan Tiernan-Locke, who withdrew from the
British team earlier this week, was notified by the International Cycling Union
of a potential discrepancy in his biological passport data.

The American squad also had big aspirations, with recent Spanish Vuelta winner
Chris Horner and Tejay van Garderen leading the way, but Alex Howes in 31st and
Peter Stetina in 37th, both 2:01 behind, were the only US finishers.

Next year's worlds will be held in Ponferrada, Spain.

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2013 Business Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              676 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            Nottingham Evening Post

                            September 6, 2013 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Demanding cycle races drew many spectators

SECTION: LETTERS; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 203 words


I ENJOYED reading the article about the Forest Recreation Ground (Nottingham
Post, August 31). However, I was rather surprised that in the "Ke y events "
column there was no mention of the closed-circuit cycle races which took place
in the 1950s, 60s and 70s.

Crowds gathered at every event to watch local and national riders take part in
100km races.

My initial part in these races was to take photographs but I was eventually
drawn into entering one year.

Being a club and time-trial cyclist, the massed-start event was a new experience
for me. I soon realised that the climb up from the home straight to the monument
was an energy-sapping strip of Tarmac that then changed into a bone-shaking,
anti-cambered curve of cobbles. That climb seemed to get steeper and steeper
each lap. I cannot remember who won that race but it was probably Ray Booty,
from Beeston. Ray was the local hero of many events on that circuit, lapping the
field on many occasions. Mind you, he had got long legs.

Those circuit events on The Forest brought many riders in from all parts of the
UK. I hope this will have stirred memories for those who watched or even took
part.

Regards to all who remember. PAUL BLOOMER Mildenhall Crescent Bestwood Park

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NEP


                     Copyright 2013 Nottingham Evening Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              677 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                Rugby Advertiser

                           September 5, 2013 Thursday

CYCLING: Success for Mitchell

LENGTH: 112  words


News from Mick Ives' racing team

Barrie Mitchell, who lives at Marton, was back to something like his best when
he finished an excellent second in the CTT National Circuit Time Trial
Championships for riders 65 and over, held near Bovington, Dorset last Saturday.

Mitchell has only raced four times this season, due to heavy work commitments,
but has kept a very high level of fitness as his performance showed.

The triangular circuit covered three times, totalling 30 miles, included a
four-mile stretch that climbed steadly into a very strong head wind, and had to
be ridden three times and this is where many riders struggled.

Action photo of Barrie Mitchell from Marton.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MHRA


                       Copyright 2013 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              678 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                              Hampshire Chronicle

                            August 31, 2013 Saturday

Roaring success of Motocross Grand Prix near Winchester

SECTION: NEWS (HC NEWS)

LENGTH: 226 words


IT was a roaring success - in more ways than one.

More than 30,000 spectators flocked to Matterley Basin, near Winchester , to
watch the world's top riders take part in this year's Motocross Festival.

The award-winning circuit played host to the British Motocross Grand Prix - the
penultimate round in this year's world championships.

The four-day event, which ended yesterday, attracted 420 riders from all over
the globe.

Many of the competitors came from France, Italy and Russia while others
travelled to Winchester from Japan and the USA.

But the UK was also represented, with about 100 entrants from across the country
taking part.

Designed by the internationally-renowned Johnny Douglas Hamilton, the long,
looping track is situated in a valley.

Its position provides spectators with an unparalleled view of the action, with
most of the circuit visible from all the main vantage points.

The track aims to make the most of the valley's natural hills and cambers and
also includes spectacular jumps that send bikes soaring into the air.

About 10,000 people watched the action yesterday.

Promoter Steve Dixon praised the family atmosphere and added: "Everything went
really smoothly. There were no issues and no traffic problems.

"The event was first held last year and a lot of things have improved since
then.

"Everything was a lot slicker and better organised."

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              679 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                  Burton Mail

                            July 10, 2013 Wednesday

Mercia CC riders claim a flurry of top ten finishes

BYLINE: SPORTS REPORTER

LENGTH: 327  words


CHRISTIAN Aucote has racked up extra road race points after a brace of top 10
finishes.

At the East Midlands Road Race, covering a distance of more than 80k on the
Melbourne Circuit, Aucote was 10th.

Nottingham Clarion's Paul Searson took the race win.

At the 45k Mallory Park road race the Mercia Cycling Club biker was fourth.

Teammate Matt Dewis was ninth with Dean Parkes, of Clay Cross Road Team, picking
up the race win.

On the Curborough Sprint Circuit the CC Giro Club from Sutton Coldfield
organised a series of competitions, including third and fourth category races -
lasting one hour over the one kilometre circuit.

Richard Knott finished fourth in the sprint for the finishing line while Peter
Collins was ninth.

Local rider Adam Tempest, of Lichfield City CC, was first over the line.

Mercia's Jack Hugill finished in the top 15 at the Central District Ladies
Cycling Association's 10-mile event on the Six Hills course near Loughborough.

Cycling postman and one of the country's top time trialists Matt Bottrill, of
Drag Two Zero.com, won the event in 19 minutes, 30 seconds - just 5 seconds
short of the course record.

Bottrill was one and a half minutes faster than the second-placed rider.

Long distance tourist Ian Hill, together with Derby Mercury Cycling Club duo Jim
Hopper and Jim Crew took part in the 24-hour Audax Arrow cycle ride to York.

After starting off from Rosliston they cycled south to Kenilworth then onto
Buckingham before swinging north-east to Rushden, and then stopping at
Fotheringay for the night.

An early morning start covered Navenby, Gainsborough and Howden before arriving
in York 24 hours after beginning the mammoth journey - amassing 265 miles to get
their Audax certificates of achievement.

Due to heavy rain only four riders turned up to compete in the 10-mile evening
time trial.

Sean Sleigh was fastest in 26:22, followed by Jeff Slinn (30:05), and Tony
Marlow (32:01).

Robert Mangham only completed one lap due to a leg injury.

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BM


                    Copyright 2013 Iliffe News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              680 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                Echo (NewsQuest)

                            June 19, 2013 Wednesday

Mason Law roars to sixth in first trip to Knockhill

SECTION: OTHER SPORT (ECHO OTHER SPORT)

LENGTH: 277 words


MASON Law secured his best result of the season so far at a circuit he has never
raced on before.

The Benfleet motorbike racer finished sixth in the fifth round of the Pirelli
National Superstick 600 Championship at Knockhill.

The top 10 finish came after the 17-year-old rider also notched up 14th place in
qualifying at the Scottish circuit, his best qualifying position of the year so
far too.

"Despite never riding here before I found it was a track that really suited my
style and reminded me of my moto-cross days," said Law.

"I managed to pick it up quite quickly and was looking forward to getting out in
qualifying.

"I've known for the last few races that if I got qualifying sorted it would give
me a much better chance in the race."

The 20-lap race was held up early on as the safety car was deployed while an
injured rider was assisted.

Once the car returned to the pits, Law worked his way through the field on his
Chris Walker Race School Kawasaki.

He was locked in a battle for fifth place with James Lodge when the race was
red-flagged on the final lap and declared a result.

"I got a good start and when I saw the safety car out I ensured I was as close
to the guys in front to get a good drive when the car pulled in" Law added.

"I got tucked in and made some really good passes to get up into fifth place.

"James and I were having a scrap for fifth when the race was red flagged but it
was great to be at that end of the field and fighting near the front and not
getting tied up in all the melee mid pack."

Law was pleased that his lap times were consistent and hopes his performance
bodes well for the next round of the championship at Snetterton on July 7.

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              681 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                             May 29, 2013 Wednesday

Frustrating day for Ferns

BYLINE: Gavin Browne

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 76

LENGTH: 166 words


motorcycling Stockport rider Dave Ferns (pictured) had a frustrating time of it
when his G &S Racing Kawasaki team travelled to Donington Park.

Competing alongside team-mate Dominic Usher in the Superstock 1000 category,
Ferns' race was spoiled when he had to avoid a first lap crash.

Having qualified on the 11th row, his evasive action saw him drop back to 31st
place.

He spent the rest of the race trying to make up ground and eventually finished
29th.

I had made up quite a few places on the first lap but then the two riders ahead
crashed right into my path, Ferns said.

I was able to weave my way around them but by then the rest of the field had
gone!

I did manage to pass a few of them and posted some really good lap times, my
best ever around this circuit.

The bike ran well and if we hadn't had the incident on the first lap I would
have been much further up the field.

n THE next round of the competition is at the Knockhill circuit in Scotland on
the weekend of June 14-16.

picture dave yeomans

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              682 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                             May 29, 2013 Wednesday

Frustrating day for Ferns

BYLINE: Gavin Browne

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 76

LENGTH: 166 words


motorcycling Stockport rider Dave Ferns (pictured) had a frustrating time of it
when his G &S Racing Kawasaki team travelled to Donington Park.

Competing alongside team-mate Dominic Usher in the Superstock 1000 category,
Ferns' race was spoiled when he had to avoid a first lap crash.

Having qualified on the 11th row, his evasive action saw him drop back to 31st
place.

He spent the rest of the race trying to make up ground and eventually finished
29th.

I had made up quite a few places on the first lap but then the two riders ahead
crashed right into my path, Ferns said.

I was able to weave my way around them but by then the rest of the field had
gone!

I did manage to pass a few of them and posted some really good lap times, my
best ever around this circuit.

The bike ran well and if we hadn't had the incident on the first lap I would
have been much further up the field.

n THE next round of the competition is at the Knockhill circuit in Scotland on
the weekend of June 14-16.

picture dave yeomans

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              683 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                             May 29, 2013 Wednesday

Frustrating day for Ferns

BYLINE: Gavin Browne

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 76

LENGTH: 166 words


motorcycling Stockport rider Dave Ferns (pictured) had a frustrating time of it
when his G &S Racing Kawasaki team travelled to Donington Park.

Competing alongside team-mate Dominic Usher in the Superstock 1000 category,
Ferns' race was spoiled when he had to avoid a first lap crash.

Having qualified on the 11th row, his evasive action saw him drop back to 31st
place.

He spent the rest of the race trying to make up ground and eventually finished
29th.

I had made up quite a few places on the first lap but then the two riders ahead
crashed right into my path, Ferns said.

I was able to weave my way around them but by then the rest of the field had
gone!

I did manage to pass a few of them and posted some really good lap times, my
best ever around this circuit.

The bike ran well and if we hadn't had the incident on the first lap I would
have been much further up the field.

n THE next round of the competition is at the Knockhill circuit in Scotland on
the weekend of June 14-16.

picture dave yeomans

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              684 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                             May 29, 2013 Wednesday

Frustrating day for Ferns

BYLINE: Gavin Browne

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 76

LENGTH: 166 words


motorcycling Stockport rider Dave Ferns (pictured) had a frustrating time of it
when his G &S Racing Kawasaki team travelled to Donington Park.

Competing alongside team-mate Dominic Usher in the Superstock 1000 category,
Ferns' race was spoiled when he had to avoid a first lap crash.

Having qualified on the 11th row, his evasive action saw him drop back to 31st
place.

He spent the rest of the race trying to make up ground and eventually finished
29th.

I had made up quite a few places on the first lap but then the two riders ahead
crashed right into my path, Ferns said.

I was able to weave my way around them but by then the rest of the field had
gone!

I did manage to pass a few of them and posted some really good lap times, my
best ever around this circuit.

The bike ran well and if we hadn't had the incident on the first lap I would
have been much further up the field.

n THE next round of the competition is at the Knockhill circuit in Scotland on
the weekend of June 14-16.

picture dave yeomans

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              685 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            Herald Express (Torquay)

                             May 23, 2013 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Baylis delivers the goods at South West Championship;
Cycling

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 77

LENGTH: 473 words


MID-DEVON CC recorded some good results at the South West Championships, which
were held at Hatherleigh near Okehampton. In the junior event, pre-race
favourite Tom Baylis delivered the goods in the 45-mile event, going clear at
half distance in the company of team-mate Joel Kelly and two other riders.

Kelly succumbed to the pace set by the leaders leaving three to contest the
final sprint. Baylis won comfortably, crossing the line three lengths clear of
his two rivals with Kelly fourth.

Mid-Devon riders also featured strongly in the senior race, with their top
finisher being Kingsteignton's Ian Cullen in a credible seventh place.

Run over a hilly 80-mile route, the senior course took in a lap of the 50-mile
Roadford Reservoir circuit with feared climbs of Folly Gate, Thorndon Cross and
Lewdown before completing three laps of the Jacobstowe circuit used earlier in
the junior race. Despite featuring nearly 6,000m of climbing the race was run at
a very fast pace with the leading riders averaging nearly 25 miles per hour over
the full distance.

The race attracted a quality field including ex-Mid Devon riders-turned-pro Seb
Baylis and Brennan Townshend (Madison Genesis), Pete Vincent (Twenty Three
C-Focus) and a full squad from the strong Spin Rotor outfit.

A flurry of early attacks from Baylis and Townshend over the climbs of Folly
Gate and Thorndon Cross started to whittle down the 80-rider field.

Attack stick However, it was Mid Devon veteran Andrew Perkins who was the first
to make an attack stick, going clear after 22 miles to be joined by Exeter
University's Richard Oram and Plymouth's James Porter.

Over the next 20 miles, including the three-mile climb of Lewdown, the trio
established a lead of one minute 40 seconds over the peloton, with Perkins
driving the pace.

On the Lewdown climb, Baylis and George Pym (Spin-Rotor) attacked to go clear of
the chasing bunch and over the next 20 miles they gradually hauled in the
leading trio, making contact just before the second lap of the finishing
circuit, with some 18 miles remaining. Meanwhile, a chasing group of five riders
including Cullen, Townshend, Vincent and Rotor's Peter Haworth left the main
field and had closed to within 90 seconds of the leaders.

With a lap of the 10-mile Jacobstowe circuit remaining, Perkins paid for his
earlier efforts and lost contact with the leaders, and was caught by the chasers
with three miles left.

At the head of affairs, Baylis led out the sprint but had no answer as
fast-finishing Pym sprinted to victory comfortably taking the title from Porter
and Oram.

In the closing stages Townshend jumped clear of the chasing group to close to
within 20 seconds of the leaders with Perkins hanging on to take ninth place.

The main peloton came in a minute later with Mid Devon's Jason Kettle taking the
sprint for the final top ten spot.

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HET


                         Copyright 2013 Herald Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                              686 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                  Daily Mirror

                              May 20, 2013 Monday
                                   Edition 1;
                                Northern Ireland

Amputee is a superbike circuit rider;
FORCES 2

BYLINE: RICHARD SMITH

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 144 words


A SOLDIER whose legs were amputated after the tank he was driving was blown up
in Afghanistan is now riding superbikes competitively.

Former L/Cpl Murray Hambro, 33, took up motorcycling aged seven as a hobby and
was back on an adapted machine four months after the 2010 blast - against his
surgeon's advice.

He is now racing at 150mph in this year's Triumph Triple Challenge - a support
class for the British Superbike Championship - as part of the True Heroes Racing
team, set up to help injured troops.

Mr Hambro, of Crowborough, East Sussex, said: "My wife is into bikes, so it's
got her blessing and, after being blown up in Afghanistan and surviving, I take
a philosophical view on life.

"I'm certainly turning heads on the circuit when I show my artificial pins."

The dad of one, who was in the 2nd Royal Tank Regiment, added: "It shows
amputees can do anything."

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PASSION J Murray Hambro

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DMR


                            Copyright 2013 MGN Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              687 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                  Daily Mirror

                              May 20, 2013 Monday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Amputee is a superbike circuit rider;
FORCES 2

BYLINE: RICHARD SMITH

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 144 words


A SOLDIER whose legs were amputated after the tank he was driving was blown up
in Afghanistan is now riding superbikes competitively.

Former L/Cpl Murray Hambro, 33, took up motorcycling aged seven as a hobby and
was back on an adapted machine four months after the 2010 blast - against his
surgeon's advice.

He is now racing at 150mph in this year's Triumph Triple Challenge - a support
class for the British Superbike Championship - as part of the True Heroes Racing
team, set up to help injured troops.

Mr Hambro, of Crowborough, East Sussex, said: "My wife is into bikes, so it's
got her blessing and, after being blown up in Afghanistan and surviving, I take
a philosophical view on life.

"I'm certainly turning heads on the circuit when I show my artificial pins."

The dad of one, who was in the 2nd Royal Tank Regiment, added: "It shows
amputees can do anything."

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PASSION J Murray Hambro

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DMR


                            Copyright 2013 MGN Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              688 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        The Huddersfield Daily Examiner

                            March 28, 2013 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Promising start for Amira

BYLINE: JOHN GEORGE

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 39

LENGTH: 240 words


HOLME VALLEY Wheeler Amira Mellor got off to a very promising start to the
National Mountain Bike Cross-Country Series.

She finished a close second to MTB Talent Team teammate Ffion James
(Abergavenney RC) with a characteristic display of determined riding.

The 5.5km circuit at Sherwood Pines Forest Park is not considered to be
technical, but was soon transformed into a serious mud and slush challenge as
the packed snow along its length yielded to hundreds of competitive wheels.

Riding in the Youth category, Mellor was one of four riders who got away from
the main group part-way through the first lap.

By the end of it she crossed the line in third place behind Martha Gill (Bolton
Hot Wheels RC) and ahead of Hannah English (Guernsey Velo Club).

Through the forest section of the circuit in the second lap Mellor put the power
down and pulled ahead of Gill and English but was unable to close the gap on
James.

Gill and English finished third and fourth, respectively.

Holme Valley Wheelers teammate Joe Williams put in another strong performance to
finish in the bunch of a gruelling race with over 50 other riders in the male
Youth category.

Kirklees Cycling Academy dynamic duo Harry Hardcastle and Mason Hollyman
finished 11th and 27th in another very hard fought race in the male Juvenile
category.

And local veteran rider David Shaw (Huddersfield Star Wheelers) finished 61st
after four punishing laps of the rapidly deteriorating circuit.

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: ¦ BIG EFFORT: Holme Valley Wheelers rider Amira Mellor

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HDE


                           Copyright 2013 MGN Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              689 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                              The Sentinel (Stoke)

                             March 22, 2013 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Your chance to ride a Ducati

SECTION: MOTORS;FEATURES; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 141 words


BIKE fans are being offered the chance to ride Ducati's award-winning 1199
Panigale Superbike at a variety of race circuits across Europe this year thanks
to a tie up between the manufacturer and a track day organiser.

Each 20-25 minute test ride session at the events will follow a 15-minute
technical briefing with the additional value of one instructor for every three
riders.

The events are being run by DG Sport, one of Europe's leading track day
organisers with more than ten years experience in putting together top race
circuit packages and they can cater for riders of all levels. Ducati's 1199
Panigale sets new benchmarks in motorcycle design with the most powerful
twin-cylinder engine in the world integrated perfectly into a super lightweight
and innovative monocoque chassis.

For more details and reservations log onto www.Bikersdays.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SEN


                      Copyright 2013 The Sentinel (Stoke)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              690 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                             August 20, 2012 Monday
                              MON REGIONAL Edition

trying out the pro circuit

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 6B

LENGTH: 1 words

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: trying out the pro circuit Riders wait Sunday morning for the start of
the Pro Challenge Experience, for cyclists seeking a taste of what will be
happening this week. The ride to Durango Mountain Resort used the official start
line for the USA Pro Challenge, on Main Avenue in Durango. David Bergeland, The
Durango Herald

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2012 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              691 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                               Newtownabbey Times

                              July 30, 2012 Monday

Rea looks ahead to Silverstone

LENGTH: 135  words


Silverstone Circuit plays host to the British round of the ENI FIM Superbike
World Championship this weekend with Ballyclare's Jonathan Rea in action.

The Honda World Superbike team rider is currently fifth in the championship and
will be aiming to add more points to his tally at the second British event of
this year's championship.

In the first round earlier in the season at Donington Park, Rea took victory in
race two and he will be on cloud nine after last weekend's win in the Suzuka
eight-hours race.

Providing plenty of overtaking opportunities, Silverstone's fast 3.666-mile
Grand Prix circuit is loved by the riders - none more so than Rea.

he missed last year's race through injury but is capable of winning on his day,
so do not be surprised to see him on the top step of the podium come race day.

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: INNT


                       Copyright 2012 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              692 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                               Belfast Telegraph

                             July 28, 2012 Saturday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Dunlops on top in Legends duel;
MOTORCYCLING

BYLINE: ROY HARRIS

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 47

LENGTH: 361 words


WILLIAM Dunlop was the man in form during qualifying session for today's
RiverRidge Recycling Race of Legends road race meeting at Armoy, taking pole
position for the Supersport, Open and Feature races.

In the open session Dunlop took the Wilson Craig Honda around the three-mile
Armoy Circuit in a time of 1m 44.514secs - a speed of 103.611mph - to pip
brother Michael, riding with slipped discs in his back, to pole position by a
mere 10th of a second, the McAdoo Hunts Honda rider's speed 103.482mph.

William Dunlop said: "It was tough work out there and my ribs felt a bit sore,
but the shoulder I injured at Skerries was not a problem.

This is a demanding circuit with the jumps and fast corners, but to get pole is
only half the battle as it is the races that count."

Ryan Farquhar, just two 10ths shy of Michael's time, completes the front row
while Adrian Archibald and Tyco Suzuki by TAS rider Guy Martin make up the
second row of the grid for the two Superbike races.

In the Supersport class William Dunlop had over half a second to spare from
Farquhar while Michael Dunlop - riding the Ard Na Mara Suzuki - completed the
front row a hundredth of a second slower than Farquhar.

Again Archibald and Martin make up the second row while circuit debutant,
Manxman Conor Cummins, will start from row three as he does in the superbike
events.

Farquhar looks set to dominate the Moto450 and Supertwin races while local
riders Sam Wilson and Paul Robinson appear set to join William Dunlop in the
battle for 125GP honours.

The scene is set for what should be a scintillating day's action with the top
three road racers in Ireland going for glory in the fourth running of what has
become the premier national road race in the country with huge crowds expected
to line the circuit.

Roads close at 10am with the first action on track the Parade Lap in which the
JPS Norton, which Robert Dunlop won on at the North West in 1990, will be ridden
by Steven Cull.

A 10-race programme with the final race of the day the River-Ridge Recycling
Race of Legends over 10 laps will follow the Parade Lap.

INSIDE q Under-fire John Terry must now answer to FA investigation Sport, Pages
56-57

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Pole star: William Dunlop is in pole position at the Race of Legends
meeting in Armoy after some great performances in qualifying MATT MACKEY

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BTT


                Copyright 2012 Belfast Telegraph Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              693 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               Leicester Mercury

                            July 18, 2012 Wednesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Classy Broughton racks up a double

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 51

LENGTH: 169 words


TWO MORE victories went Charlotte Broughton's way as the Countesthorpe girl
continued to rule the roost on the national under-14 circuit.

The Leicestershire Road Club rider clearly enjoys the sea air as she won first
at Blackpool - where she claimed the North West Youth Tour earlier this year -
and then at Scarborough.

Nobody was able to make a telling break on the flat Blackpool circuit, and
Broughton comfortably seized the under-14 honours in a sprint finish.

Life was tougher across the Pennines where the riders lined up on the Oliver's
Mount motor circuit.

That included a one-in-five climb, which was tackled on each of the last two
laps and strung out the field.

Broughton, though, was strong throughout and again emerged as the clear winner
in the under-14 section, going close to beating under-16 national champion
Melissa Lowther in the dash for the line.

Grace Garner, meanwhile, continues the search to recapture her best road form in
mid-season.

The RST-Trigon rider was fourth and 10th in the under-16 races.

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: OUT ON HER OWN: Charlotte Broughton in action at the weekend; right,
taking centre stage on the podium

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LEM


                        Copyright 2012 Leicester Mercury
                              All Rights Reserved


                              694 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                 Morpeth Herald

                              June 29, 2012 Friday

Festival finale wheels back into county

LENGTH: 519  words


CELEBRATING its 60th year, the prestigious Beaumont Trophy will once again bring
Britain's best cyclists back to Northumberland on Sunday.

The event is part of the 2012 British Cycling Premier Calendar and has attracted
some of Britain's best road cyclists and teams, ensuring it will be a fitting
finale for the Virgin Money Cyclone Festival, which starts this evening.

Over the years, the race has seen numerous high profile winners, including
Bradley Wiggins, who won the National Road Race Championships at the race in
2011, Chris Newton, Russell Downing, Malcolm Elliot, Don Sanderson and Ray
Wetherill.

It starts and finishes in Stamfordham where there will be plenty of opportunity
for spectators to come along to the village centre, soak up the atmosphere and
watch the action unfold.

The race will get under way at 1pm with three laps of a 22.3-mile circuit that
will see the riders tackle the challenging climb of the Ryals before moving onto
three laps of the 13.9-mile finishing circuit.

Earlier on in the day, the Curlew Cup will make its debut as part of the British
Cycling Women's National Road Series. The event, sponsored by Northumberland
National Park, attracts some of the best riders in the country and uses the same
course which hosted the successful 2011 Women's National Road Race
Championships.

The Curlew Cup race starts at 9.30am and will be contested over four laps of a
13.9-mile circuit that includes a testing climb up through Wallridge and on
towards Ingoe. The race will pass through the villages of Matfen and Stamfordham
four times before finishing in Stamfordham at the end of the fourth lap.

All the latest information on the whole British Cycling Premier Calendar series
can be found at www.britishcycling.org.uk/premiercalendar with dedicated
Facebook and Twitter feeds to follow too at Facebook.com/premiercalendar and
@premiercalendar respectively.

Coverage of the event will be broadcast online at YouTube with links via the
official website above.

l PASTA and pedal power are coming together as a Ponteland restaurant sponsors
the region's biggest cycling event for the fifth year running.

Fratelli at Ponteland, along with its sister restaurants Prima and Sabatini in
Newcastle, is backing the 2012 Virgin Money Cyclone, which sees international
cyclists taking part in various races across Newcastle and Northumberland.

The restaurants, which are owned by brothers-in-law Fabrizio Saba and Paul
Bernadelli, have supported various aspects of the event since it began in 2007
and this year they will provide a cash prize and bottle of bubbly for the winner
of the Beaumont Trophy U23 competition.

The prize will be awarded for one of the races on Sunday, when more than 140
riders will tackle two gruelling circuits through Matfen and Stamfordham.

Mr Saba said: "Both Paul and I are big fans of cycling and are delighted to be
supporting a prestigious event, which not only promotes the sport, but also
attracts thousands of visitors and competitors to the North East."

On Saturday, riders will cycle either 33, 63 or 104 miles through the beautiful
Northumberland countryside.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NPMH


                       Copyright 2012 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              695 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                             Edinburgh Evening News

                              May 15, 2012 Tuesday

McCallum aims to go extra mile in Halfords Tour Series

BYLINE: Colin Renton

LENGTH: 185  words


Lothians-based cyclist James McCallum will be looking to deliver a Scottish win
when the high-profile Halfords Tour  Series makes its first visit to Scotland
tonight.

The 12-round competition kicks off in Kirkcaldy on a  1.4-kilometre circuit that
includes a stretch along the seafront. The course should suit McCallum, a
Commonwealth Games medallist and former British Criterium champion, who leads
for  the defending series champions Rapha Condor-Sharp. Among the riders
supporting him will be  Olympic gold medallist Ed Clancy  and world champion
Andy  Tennant.

Also keen to make a mark on home soil will be Endura  Racing Team, the
Livingston outfit that has dominated British road racing so far this season.

Meanwhile, Capital rider Evan Oliphant is expected to line up for Team Raleigh,
whose squad includes circuit race champions from America, Australia and Denmark,
as well as British title holder Graham Briggs.

A total of 13 nations will be represented when the racing gets under way at 7pm.
Television highlights will be shown on ITV4 tomorrow evening and the competition
continues in Durham on Thursday.

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SWTS edinburgheveningnews


                       Copyright 2012 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              696 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                    Scotsman

                              May 15, 2012 Tuesday

McCallum aims to go extra mile in Halfords Tour Series

BYLINE: Colin Renton

LENGTH: 185  words


Lothians-based cyclist James McCallum will be looking to deliver a Scottish win
when the high-profile Halfords Tour  Series makes its first visit to Scotland
tonight.

The 12-round competition kicks off in Kirkcaldy on a  1.4-kilometre circuit that
includes a stretch along the seafront. The course should suit McCallum, a
Commonwealth Games medallist and former British Criterium champion, who leads
for  the defending series champions Rapha Condor-Sharp. Among the riders
supporting him will be  Olympic gold medallist Ed Clancy  and world champion
Andy  Tennant.

Also keen to make a mark on home soil will be Endura  Racing Team, the
Livingston outfit that has dominated British road racing so far this season.

Meanwhile, Capital rider Evan Oliphant is expected to line up for Team Raleigh,
whose squad includes circuit race champions from America, Australia and Denmark,
as well as British title holder Graham Briggs.

A total of 13 nations will be represented when the racing gets under way at 7pm.
Television highlights will be shown on ITV4 tomorrow evening and the competition
continues in Durham on Thursday.

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STTS


                       Copyright 2012 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              697 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                             Great Yarmouth Mercury

                              May 11, 2012 Friday

Yarmouth cyclists get into gear at Lotus road races

SECTION: SPRT

LENGTH: 574 words


A busy spell for Great Yarmouth Cycling Club started at the first round of the
prestigious Lotus Road Racing League at Hethel.

Top 10 placings from around 200 riders across four races were made by Ben
Turner, Dan Swindells, Clive Bond, Harley Mathews and Lee Cheung. The series
runs for another nine Wednesdays until July.



A miserable, wet and cold Thursday evening saw the first round of the club Time
Trial (TT) League around the 10-mile circuit at Somerleyton. It is the only TT
league in the region and welcomes novice and experienced riders. Despite
lowering his pb around Somerleyton by 50 seconds Harley Matthews was squeezed
into second by Lee Cheung who recorded 26:25. Mark Drake was close behind in
26:48.

Other GYCC rider times: Neil and Ben Turner (Tandem) 25:26, Adam Houlgate
27:02, Clive Bond 27:38, Josh Carr 30:04, James Ireland 30:36 and Adele Postle
34:31.

On a brighter and more cheerful Saturday Time Trialling veterans Neil Turner and
Chris Roberts made the trip to Newmarket to race the Eastern Counties Cycling
Association Festival 10 mile TT. Despite a stiff headwind on the return leg,
Neil managed 6th place overall with a time of 21:42 (27.6 mph) and Chris did a
brilliant 23:22, only a few seconds from his all-time best.

At Redbridge Cycling Centre, Essex, Ben Turner and Zak Coleman rode in the
Summer Circuit Racing League and posted top 20 finishes in the competitive Under
14 age group. This purpose-built road racing circuit has a steep and testing
climb every lap and the boys enjoyed the workout and high level of competition.

The Ixworth town centre road races on Bank Holiday Monday are a reminder of how
exciting and accessible cycle racing was in the UK through the 1980's and 1990's
-and how it is still run in mainland Europe today.  In Mildenhall-based West
Suffolk Wheelers event GYCC U10's and U12's saw young Tristan Swindells ride to
the end and Rowan Baker finish a strong 11th from an impressive U10 field. Seth
Houlgate maintained his great record in these events and also finished 11th
which is an amazing result as he has only just moved up to the U12's age group.

In the U14's event GYCC had a bigger collection of riders. As the race started
the rain fell and the tight and twisty circuit became an even bigger test of
skill, fitness and nerve as the rain greased the bends.

The young ridersseemed unfazed.

Now riding for national racing team Inverse Racing, Zak Coleman hung on to the
lead group despite a heavy cold.

Staying with Zak was Patrick Manning who worked strongly in the group and his
lack of circuit racing experience did not seem to slow him down - although maybe
his racing colleagues allowed him to do too much of the work and he blew with a
couple of laps remaining and finished just behind this group.

It was a brilliant ride from Patrick and he is learning every race. Behind this
bunch saw Matthew Baker and Ben Turner battling, working hard and displaying
grit and determination.

They dropped several riders from the group with Matthew just beating Ben to the
line. Next up were Dan Swindells and Harrison Charlwood who took a real
hammering in the early stages. Dan dropped back to try and help team-mate
Harrison but it was in vain. Harrison bravely carried on and fought to the
finish and Dan finished between groups.

Despite the rain, a mix-up with the formal results and the greasy conditions the
team  enjoyed their day's racing.

n www.greatyarmouthcyclingclub.co.uk

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GYM


                    Copyright 2012 Archant Regional Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              698 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            Nottingham Evening Post

                              May 11, 2012 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Rookie racer Ryde battles illness to sparkle in Portugal;
Redbull Rookies

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 40

LENGTH: 275 words


JACKSDALE youngster Kyle Ryde battled a severe bout of food poisoning to take
two top-six finishes in rounds three and four of the Moto GP Redbull Rookies
Championship at Estoril, in Portugal.

Ryde's weekend got off to a great start in free practice as he was quickest
ahead of the two German riders of Alt and Oettl.

The 14-year-old Jacksdale racer had shown just how fast he could be around this
circuit earlier in the year during the Rookies testing, so it came as no
surprise to the rest of the field.

But after only six laps of the first qualifying session, Ryde returned to the
pit lane with severe stomach pains.

He was taken to the medical centre were it was first feared to be appendicitis
but was then later diagnosed as food poisoning.

Despite this, Ryde still managed to finish as high as seventh in qualifying.

The first race was a real ding-dong battle with Ryde setting the fastest lap of
the race on lap 12 of the 16-lap race.

But then in the closing few laps, Ryde's aching stomach started to affect his
concentration and he began to lose time and he had to settle for sixth place.

The second race saw a similar scenario to race one, with the leading bunch made
up of virtually all the same riders.

Ryde took the lead and held onto this for two laps, eventually being overhauled
and coming home in a creditable fourth position, just ahead of American rider
Joe Roberts.

The next rounds are at his home circuit of Silverstone at the Moto GP on June 16
and 17.

His next British Championship round - Ryde is the reigning champion - is at the
Snetterton circuit in Norfolk on May 26 and 27, where he will be finally riding
his new Honda Moto 3 machine.

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Leader of the pack: Kyle Ryde sets the pace in Estoril.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NEP


                     Copyright 2012 Nottingham Evening Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              699 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       Grand Forks Herald (North Dakota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 1, 2012 Tuesday

UND Alumni Association stakes out key role in seeking retirement of 'Fighting
Sioux' nickname

BYLINE: Chuck Haga, Grand Forks Herald, N.D.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1219 words


May 01--Like circuit riders seeking to fan popular support for a candidate or a
cause, leaders of UND's Alumni Association made a four-city aerial tour of North
Dakota Tuesday, hoping to persuade voters to allow retirement of the
university's Fighting Sioux nickname.

The nickname has been "a source of pride, honor and excellence for a long time,"
said Tim O'Keefe, CEO of the UND Alumni Association and Foundation, but NCAA
sanctions mean that "keeping the nickname comes at too high a price."

At consecutive news conferences in Fargo, Bismarck, Minot and Grand Forks,
O'Keefe announced that the Alumni Association will take the lead role in a
statewide campaign to encourage a "yes" vote on Measure 4 in the June 12 primary
election, which would allow UND to retire the nickname.

"It's not about preference anymore," O'Keefe said. "It's about the price (UND)
will pay if we are forced to keep the nickname."

The announcements drew a quick and sharp response from nickname supporters who
circulated petitions to get the issue on a statewide ballot. Those trying to
retire the nickname "continually overplay their hand," said Sean Johnson, of
Bismarck.

"We take pride in the efficiency and overwhelming success of our grassroots
campaign efforts," Johnson said. "We have been successful because truth and
principle can stand on their own laurels, without exaggeration or resorting to
fear."

At issue is a law adopted by the 2011 Legislature that requires UND to keep the
Sioux nickname, which first came into use in 1930. That law was repealed during
a special session in November after state officials met with NCAA leaders and
found them unwilling to bend, but the law was reinstated when nickname
supporters filed their referral petitions.

Both sides will focus part of their efforts on making sure voters understand
what their votes mean. Ballot language for Measure 4 had to be redrafted, adding
to the confusion inevitable in a "repeal of a repeal." Again, a "yes" vote on
June 12 would uphold the Legislature's action in November, allowing UND to
retire the nickname.

O'Keefe said he had "the unanimous support" of his board members for the role he
intends the association to play, and he said he is confident a strong majority
of member alumni back "the aggressive position we're taking," as well.

A budget for the campaign hasn't been set, he said, but he expects it to cost
around $250,000. The effort will rely on donations made expressly for that
purpose. Alumni and others around the state have "offered financial support and
their time and talents" to get the message out.

As a publicly funded institution, the university "is very limited as to what
they can say or do," O'Keefe said. "They can inform, but they can't advocate."

UND President Robert Kelley made the same point speaking with reporters in his
Grand Forks office Tuesday after the opening alumni news conference in Fargo.

He said it's appropriate for the alumni organization to take the lead role on
the nickname issue "because I and the university can not."

Up in the air

O'Keefe was joined at the opening news conference in Fargo by Rick Burgum, head
of the UND Foundation, and other members of the Alumni Association. They flew
later to host similar news conferences in Bismarck, Minot and Grand Forks.

The Alumni Association and UND Foundation leased the plane, owned by the North
Dakota State University Foundation, from the Fargo Jet Center, O'Keefe said
later Tuesday, after a blogger raised questions about the use of state property
to advance the campaign against keeping the nickname. Similar questions were
raised during the 2011 Legislative Assembly about Kelley and other UND
administrators using UND (state-owned) planes to ferry people to Bismarck to
lobby for dropping the nickname.

"There was no way for us to know whose plane we were privately leasing, and we
did not know we were in the NDSU Foundation aircraft until informed by the pilot
halfway to Bismarck," O'Keefe said. "Nor is there anything inappropriate about
our use of the plane. After all, it is owned by the NDSU Foundation, (which is)
not a state agency.

"We are in full compliance with North Dakota law," he said.

O'Keefe said UND alumni will write newspaper op-ed pieces and letters to the
editor, speak to local service clubs and carry the "Vote Yes" message to
cocktail parties and other social gatherings.

He said he understands that some within the association's ranks remain committed
to the nickname, "but right now there is nothing more important to students and
the university" than retiring the nickname and moving on.

"We've measured those risks," he said, "and I believe we will come out of this
stronger than ever, and we will bring the whole tent together again" once the
issue is resolved.

He and Kelley both said that for the first time in the history of the debate,
the entire university community leadership -- the administration, athletic
leaders and coaches, the Alumni Association and the governing bodies
representing faculty, administrators, staff and students -- have accepted the
need to retire the nickname and avoid further NCAA sanctions.

"I will always cherish the nickname," said O'Keefe, who played hockey at UND.
"But this issue is not about these emotions anymore."

Sanctions costly, or 'minimal'?

If UND is required to keep the nickname, "there is no question the NCAA will
continue to enforce the sanctions we are already under," including a ban on
hosting championship events.

The sanctions will lead to a deteriorating athletics program and the loss of
"great athletes and great coaches," O'Keefe said. Grand Forks hotels,
restaurants and retail businesses will take a serious economic hit. The city and
state will lose tax revenue.

"It's impacting recruiting now," he said, as some prospective UND athletes are
raising questions about sanctions, scheduling and "conference uncertainty." UND
is set to compete next year in the Division I Big Sky Conference, but the
conference commissioner has said Big Sky presidents want to see the contentious
nickname issue resolved.

He repeated earlier warnings, that such schools as Minnesota, Wisconsin and Iowa
already have cut athletic connections with UND because of the nickname struggle
and NCAA sanctions. "Even UND's outstanding hockey program is at risk," he said.

Johnson, however, said the NCAA sanctions "are minimal and easily managed," and
he noted that UND is a Big Sky Conference member with competition scheduled into
2015.

He said nickname supporters "expect a favorable outcome at the ballot box on
June 12, through a vast majority of North Dakotans voting 'no' on Measure 4 to
save the proud name of the Fighting Sioux, and to continue the proud and
positive traditions that accompanied that name for over 80 years."

O'Keefe said people who downplay the effects of NCAA sanctions are "simply not
paying attention."

He said the often rancorous fight over Fighting Sioux also is having an effect
on academics at the university, including the heavy demands it has placed on the
time and energies of Kelley and previous presidents.

Reach Haga at (701) 780-1102; (800) 477-6572, ext. 102; or send email to
chaga@gfherald.com

___ (c)2012 the Grand Forks Herald (Grand Forks, N.D.) Visit the Grand Forks
Herald (Grand Forks, N.D.) at www.grandforksherald.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20120501-GF-UND-Alumni-Association-stakes-out-key-role-in-seeking-retirement-of-
Fighting-Sioux-nickname-0501-20120501

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GF


                       Copyright 2012 Grand Forks Herald


                              700 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                Armidale Express

                                 April 3, 2012

Sam sizzles on national stage

BYLINE: Michael Warren

SECTION: SPORT - ATHLETICS

LENGTH: 249  words


Emerging Armidale cyclist and Duval High School student Sam Jenner stormed to
some of his best career performances just days ago during the Australasian
Schools Cycling Cup in Shepparton.

On the opening day, Jenner 15, won the track and points events and came third in
an elimination race.

On day two he finished fifth in the hill climb at 08:06:07 and fourth in the
individual time trial in 18:33:18 behind Sam Cox, Tomarsh Loki and Chris Bryan.

To cap an excellent cycling cup, Jenner was just pipped for first in the 49km
road race where he finished second behind Great Lakes College's Chris Bryan in
1:11:25. Jenner completed his first lap in 35:22 and second in 36:03.

Jenner told The Express he was stoked with his efforts in Shepparton.

"I'm pretty happy with how I went in Shepparton," he said.

"There was excellent competition with lots of good riders."

Meanwhile, Jenner last Saturday experienced further cycling success after he won
a Cycling NSW- sanctioned event, the Orica Kermesse under-17s boys circuit race
in Newcastle.

Riders had to complete seven, 7km laps of a designated circuit. Any circuit over
2km is termed a Kermesse.

Another Armidale Cycling Club rider, David Rugendyke, also

finished fifth in C grade at the event.

Jenner has a busy few months ahead.

In coming days, he will go to the Academy Games to represent NIAS. Soon after he
will attend a Cycling NSW road camp and hill climb.

He is also set for his second season with Heinrich Haussler's Racing Kangaroos
cycling squad.

LOAD-DATE: April 03, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2012 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              701 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                              April 2, 2012 Monday
                                 Drive Edition

Oklahoma pair just miss titles

BYLINE: ED GODFREY, Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS MONDAY; Pg. 20B

LENGTH: 620 words


An Oklahoma cowboy and cowgirl missed winning national championships Sunday by
the slimmest of margins.

Tie-down roper Blair Burk of Durant and barrel racer Carlee Pierce, who was born
and raised in Freedom, came about as close as two people can to winning the RAM
National Circuit Finals Rodeo at State Fair Arena.

Being the last man standing in the tie-down roping Sunday, Burk just needed to
beat Iowa cowboy's Matt Shiozawa's time of 7.7 seconds to win the National
Circuit Finals championship.

A 14-time qualifier to the National Finals Rodeo, Burk had the title within his
grasp when he roped his calf, dismounted from his horse and raced to tie it
down.

But Burk slightly lost his balance when tying the calf, costing him one precious
second, and he finished with a time of 8.3 seconds.

"Man, he had me," said Shiozawa, who won the average in the tie-down roping at
the National Finals Rodeo last year. "He really did. That calf just kind of gave
him a little hiccup."

The National Circuit Finals uses a unique format for rodeo to determine its
champions. The top eight cowboys and cowgirls in the average over two rounds
qualify to Sunday's final performance where everybody is given a clean slate.

Those top eight cowboys and cowgirls compete in each event in a semifinal where
the top four advance to one final race or ride for the championship.

Burk said he got off to a great start in the finals.

"I got it (rope) on him fast," Burk said of that last calf. "He just kind of
moved away from me, and I kind of lost my balance and made a little bobble. I
was trying to be fast. That's what you got to do.

"It's disappointing. I was in great position. You never know when you will be in
that position again. I made a mistake, and that's what happens."

Burk actually won more cash ($12,957) than Shiozawa did in the rodeo, but the
champions in each event also received a $20,000 voucher for a new pick-up from
the title sponsor, RAM.

Pierce posted a sizzling time of 15.08 seconds on her 12-year-old buckskin
gelding, Rare Dillion, in the finals of the barrel racing to take the lead with
only one rider left, two-time world barrel racing champion Brittany Pozi of
Victoria, Texas.

Pozi and her palomino, Duke, sprinted to a time of 15.07 seconds to win the
title. It was the second time in a month that Pierce has lost a major rodeo by
1/100{+t}{+h} of a second. She finished second in RodeoHouston by the same
margin.

Pierce, who moved from Oklahoma to Stephenville, Texas, last fall, didn't seem
heartbroken by Sunday's second-place finish.

"Losing a title by a hundredth of a second, you can't complain about that. You
don't even know where to fix that problem," Pierce said. "The final four today
were all NFR qualifiers from this last year, so if you get that many good horses
and riders together, it's going to be tight."

Pierce, 31, is currently No. 1 in the world this season in barrel racing and is
a cinch to make her second straight NFR.

"I am going to look back and be thankful for this week," she said. "I won a lot
of money ($18,578). Oklahoma City has been great to us. It was nice to be home."

Bulldogger Riley Duvall of Checotah also experienced some tough luck Sunday.

He was the top steer wrestler through the first two rounds in his first National
Circuit Finals appearance, but he broke the barrier in the semifinals and posted
a no time, failing to advance to the finals.

Other circuit champions crowned Sunday were Clay Cowan of Highmore, S.D., in
steer wrestling; Bareback rider Brian Bain of Culver, Ore.; Saddle bronc rider
Sam Spreadborough of Snyder, Texas; team ropers Spencer Mitchell of Colusa,
Calif., and Brady Minor of Ellensburg, Wash.; and bull rider Bobby Welsh of
Gillette, Wyo.


LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Will Lowe, of Canyon, Texas, competes in bareback riding during the RAM
National Circuit Finals Rodeo Championship on Sunday. PHOTO BY GARETT FISBECK,
FOR THE OKLAHOMAN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2012 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              702 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                   Hunts Post

                            March 21, 2012 Wednesday

BYLINE: Richard Hughes

SECTION: SPRT

LENGTH: 183 words


GRAFHAM'S 20-year-old Metzeler National Superstock 1000 Championship rider
Jonathan Railton could not have made a better start to his preparations for the
2012 series which will begin at Brands Hatch at Easter.



Riding a 194bhp Kawasaki ZX10r for the InMoto Corse Ducks Cross Racing team, he
dominated the 1000cc Hottrax MotoGrande races at Brands Hatch and comfortably
won both races with an average speed of nearly 90mph. Railton consistently ran
within a second of the lap record.

And this weekend, Railton had a productive day of testing at the world-famous
Silverstone circuit, topping 180mph down Hanger Straight and consistently
lapping at a front-running pace despite cold conditions.

"This completes Jon's testing programme before the first round of the 11 round
championships," said the rider's father, David Railton.

The National series is run at 12 rounds at all the UK's premier circuits and is
a support class to the British Superbike championship. Armed with a competitive
bike for the first time in this class, Railton fully expects to be a force to be
reckoned with in the championship.

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HPT


                    Copyright 2012 Archant Regional Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              703 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                Essex Chronicle

                                 March 15, 2012
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Buchan is happy with bike testing;
Motorsport

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 78

LENGTH: 208 words


BUDDING Mid Essex motorcycle racer Danny Buchan has been out in Spain testing
with his new team and new bike this week.

The Burnham-on-Crouch rider had his first taste of his new Ten Kate Honda and
said he was thoroughly impressed with its handling and ridability.

Testing his new 2012 Honda CBR1000RR Fireblade with the rest of his CN Racing
squad at the renowned Spanish circuit of Cartagena, Buchan needed just three
sessions to get down to under his fastest ever lap time at the track and was
amazed at how easy the new machine was to get on with out on the circuit.

The National Superstock rider said: "I'm so happy now I've had time out on the
bike as you spend all winter hoping you've made the right decision, but never
really knowing how you're going to click with the bike.

"But almost as soon as I started lapping I knew we'd chosen right.

"The Honda seems to suit my riding style, you can bang it in hard into the turn
and get on the gas real early - its so forgiving and very, very ridable, I'm
blown away with it to be honest.

"Having just a few guys out on track made it good for concentrating on doing
your own thing and how the bike reacts, it's been a great test and we have
another two events to come out here, it's such a great schedule."

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ESC


                         Copyright 2012 Essex Chronicle
                              All Rights Reserved


                              704 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                Essex Chronicle

                                 March 15, 2012
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Buchan is happy with bike testing;
Motorsport

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 78

LENGTH: 208 words


BUDDING Mid Essex motorcycle racer Danny Buchan has been out in Spain testing
with his new team and new bike this week.

The Burnham-on-Crouch rider had his first taste of his new Ten Kate Honda and
said he was thoroughly impressed with its handling and ridability.

Testing his new 2012 Honda CBR1000RR Fireblade with the rest of his CN Racing
squad at the renowned Spanish circuit of Cartagena, Buchan needed just three
sessions to get down to under his fastest ever lap time at the track and was
amazed at how easy the new machine was to get on with out on the circuit.

The National Superstock rider said: "I'm so happy now I've had time out on the
bike as you spend all winter hoping you've made the right decision, but never
really knowing how you're going to click with the bike.

"But almost as soon as I started lapping I knew we'd chosen right.

"The Honda seems to suit my riding style, you can bang it in hard into the turn
and get on the gas real early - its so forgiving and very, very ridable, I'm
blown away with it to be honest.

"Having just a few guys out on track made it good for concentrating on doing
your own thing and how the bike reacts, it's been a great test and we have
another two events to come out here, it's such a great schedule."

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ESC


                         Copyright 2012 Essex Chronicle
                              All Rights Reserved


                              705 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                      St. George & Sutherland Shire Leader

                                February 6, 2012

Cyclists take to road to find a cancer cure

BYLINE: By Deborah Field

SECTION: NEWS - GENERAL

LENGTH: 279  words


OLYMPIC cyclist Sid Taberlay, 32, is just one of the many riders who have
registered to take part in the second annual Short Circuit Cancer six-hour
mountain bike relay in the Royal National Park on Saturday, February 18.

The relay was formed by exercise physiologist Brent Collier, 35, of Kirrawee, to
raise funds for Sutherland Relay For Life.

The Sutherland relay, on May 5, raises money for the Cancer Council to provide
research, education and support.

Short Circuit follows a 10-kilometre loop through the national park and is open
to riders of all experience levels, including beginners.

The event is also a great day out for non-participants, with a kids' bike
clinic, jumping castle, face-painting and barbecue.

Registration fees have been kept low ($30) to encourage riders to be raise their
own sponsorship. Public donations are also welcomed.

Short Circuit raised $30,000 last year and has already attracted double the
amount of entrants on last year's figures.

Mr Collier, who is on the relay committee, works with patients with post-cancer
fatigue.

The Cancer Council was his support through his own cancer scares.

"Going to endless amounts of funerals a year gets to you a bit," Mr Collier
said. "I'm really, really the lucky one."

Sid Taberlay is riding with his wife, a medical researcher. Mr Collier said it
was the first time Taberlay's wife had ridden in an event with her husband.

Short Circuit registrations will be capped at 60 teams of four, plus individual
entrants. Riders will meet in Mimosa Street, Heathcote, at 7am for registration.
Relay starts at 8am.

Fund-raising/donations: everydayhero.com.au/brent_collier; details:
www.peak-health.com.au/shortcircuit.

LOAD-DATE: February 06, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2012 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              706 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                             Evening News (Norwich)

                          December 28, 2011 Wednesday

Still time to sign up for villages cycle ride

BYLINE: Trevor Tubby

SECTION: ROP

LENGTH: 228 words


The organisers of a cycling event are encouraging people to welcome in the new
year by signing up to take part.



There are currently more than 100 riders signed up for the Hethersett 30/60 with
under three months until the event.

It takes place on Sunday, March 18, with riders able to sign up to do one or two
laps of the 30 mile route.

The fully marshalled route starts and finishes at Hethersett Social Club and
takes in Attleborough, Old and New Buckenham, Tacolneston, Mulbarton and East
Carleton.

On return to Hethersett the cyclists will be welcomed back by a band as they are
presented with a certificate and medal.

The event is being organised by Martin Anderton, who cycled from London to
Amsterdam in 48 hours earlier this year to raise money for charity.

He is now in training to ride from London to Paris in 24 hours next July on a
folding Brompton Bike.

Hethersett 30/60, which is for those aged 18 and over, is open to all abilities
and encourages anybody wanting to take part for charity to gain sponsorship.

Entry fees are £10 for one circuit and £15 for two circuits.

The event is being sponsored by Almary Green Independent Financial Advisers and
supported by a number of groups including British Cycling, Scope, Slimming
World, St John Ambulance, the Red Cat Partnership and Francis Wain Jewellers.

For more details and to register visit www.hethersett3060.com

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EEN


                    Copyright 2011 Archant Regional Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              707 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                Essex Chronicle

                                 July 21, 2011
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Hampton is first across finish line;
Cycling

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 82

LENGTH: 274 words


STEVE Griffiths was the top 'home' team finisher in Sunday's inaugural road race
promotion by the Essex-based PCH UK Racing Team that was contested over 10 laps
of the wind-blown Ugly circuit near Saffron Walden. Russell Hampton (Sigma Sport
- Specialised) was the dominant rider in the day, taking the chequered flag by
1min 22secs after 120kms highly competitive racing.

A field of 70 riders took the start of the race and Hampton first showed his
face at the front of the race half way round the second lap and was joined by
Dave McLean (Pasta Montegrappa).

These two joined together to form a partnership that equally shared the workload
to keep themselves clear of the ever reforming chasing bunch and, until just
over 20kms to go, their lead stretched out to around 1min 15secs, but was never
pulled in to less than 35 seconds.

As they crested the climb to the finishing line with two laps to go, a group of
nine riders, including PCH UK's Griffiths, finally hauled them in but Hampton
wasn't finished even though he'd been at the front of the race for so long.

Hampton said: "The climb to the finishing line, into a head wind, was hard but I
found the drag up to and over the crossroads to be the hardest part of the
circuit.

"I was on the little ring and even though they'd just pulled me back, I decided
to attack".

Griffiths was part of the small selection that sprinted for eighth place overall
and said afterwards: "The race was very hard but as we came into the finishing
area my legs were feeling good and, knowing the circuit as I do, I knew exactly
where I had to position myself as the sprint started and I was pleased with
ninth place."

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PEDAL PUSHERS: Cyclists in the Ugley circuit

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ESC


                         Copyright 2011 Essex Chronicle
                              All Rights Reserved


                              708 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                   Daily Star

                              May 3, 2011 Tuesday
                                U.K. 1st Edition

HOP-PY DAYS AS JOHN IS ON TOP

BYLINE: by DAVE FERN

SECTION: SPORT; 47

LENGTH: 572 words


FORMER MotoGP ace John Hopkins stole the show in the second round of the MCE
Insurance British Superbike Championship at Oulton Park yesterday.

He became the first American to win in the series in a dramatic second race
after Ryuichi Kiyonari enjoyed a winning return to the Cheshire circuit in the
opener.

Hopkins had run second on his Samsung Suzuki to reigning champion Kiyonari in
the first race - after only riding one lap of the tough circuit on a road bike
before first practice.

There was better to come in the second race for a rider who was 10th in last
month's Jerez round of MotoGP as he clocked his first victory in 11 years of
racing.

MSS Colchester Kawasaki rider Stuart Easton set the pace out front, ahead of
Relentless Suzuki's Josh Brookes.

That left Hopkins scrapping for fifth place, but as Michael Laverty ran his Swan
Yamaha wide at the chicane, the American took advantage, grabbing two positions.

Brookes high-sided off his bike, which somersaulted over Easton at Brittens,
dropping wreckage over the track and bringing out the Safety Car while marshals
cleared the debris.

When racing resumed Hopkins was running second to Easton, and after another
scary moment when Laverty again ran wide at the chicane, he snatched the lead at
Cascades.

Hopkins said: "That is awesome - I am so happy. That was a tough race, with
grass and bikes flying everywhere, but I just stuck at it and gave it everything
I'd got."

Easton had to settle for second best, still his best result of this campaign,
and was lucky to avoid Brookes' bouncing bike as it cartwheeled over him.

Flying Scot Easton said: "I was so lucky when Josh's bike came over me - it
really was like a plane crashing down around me."

Third place went to former champion Shane Byrne on the HM Plant Honda, who
extended his lead in the title stakes 70-59 over Easton.

Byrne said: "My first race was a bit messy, so this third place makes up for
that.

"But on Saturday if anyone had said I could be fourth and third as we struggled
with the electronics I would not have believed it. The team turned it around for
me, so all credit must go to them and now I hope we can move on and be fast next
time out."

Kiyonari ran fourth, unable to repeat the pace that earlier had taken him to his
10th victory at the circuit.

The Japanese rider said: "I had a problem that I could not brake hard enough
going into the corners. But still I hoped for a podium finish, though once they
came past me I could not get them back."

But pre-race favourite Tommy Hill was left cursing his circuit jinx after
previously coming off in the final round six months earlier and losing the
chance of taking the title.

This time he arrived as the leader, clocked the pole-setting time at
record-breaking pace - then crashed spectacularly during morning practice.

It was a case of wrong place, wrong time for the Swan Yamaha rider as he powered
into Brittens moments after Loris Baz had crashed, his bike spilling fluids onto
the circuit.

Hill said: "I just caught the fluid with the rear tyre and it threw me off."

He landed heavily, ripping the ligaments in his left shoulder, an injury that
could put him out for a month.

"I have been told this injury can take five to six weeks to heal, but I will see
a specialist on Tuesday and then we can go from there, " he added.

And to complete a bad weekend for the Hill family, younger brother Jimmy broke
his wrist in a tumble during qualifying for the Supersport.

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: KING JOHN: Hopkins is overjoyed after winning second race

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 EXPRESS NEWSPAPERS
                              All Rights Reserved


                              709 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                 Scottish Star

                              May 3, 2011 Tuesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Scotland

HOP-PY DAYS AS JOHN IS ON TOP;
BRITISH SUPERBIKES: Yank breaks duck

BYLINE: DAVE FERN

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 47

LENGTH: 573 words


FORMER MotoGP ace John Hopkins stole the show in the second round of the MCE
Insurance British Superbike Championship at Oulton Park yesterday.

He became the first American to win in the series in a dramatic second race
after Ryuichi Kiyonari enjoyed a winning return to the Cheshire circuit in the
opener.

Hopkins had run second on his Samsung Suzuki to reigning champion Kiyonari in
the first race - after only riding one lap of the tough circuit on a road bike
before first practice.

There was better to come in the second race for a rider who was 10th in last
month's Jerez round of MotoGP as he clocked his first victory in 11 years of
racing.

MSS Colchester Kawasaki rider Stuart Easton set the pace out front, ahead of
Relentless Suzuki's Josh Brookes.

That left Hopkins scrapping for fifth place, but as Michael Laverty ran his Swan
Yamaha wide at the chicane, the American took advantage, grabbing two positions.

Scary

Brookes high-sided off his bike, which somersaulted over Easton at Brittens,
dropping wreckage over the track and bringing out the Safety Car while marshals
cleared the debris.

When racing resumed Hopkins was running second to Easton, and after another
scary moment when Laverty again ran wide at the chicane, he snatched the lead at
Cascades.

Hopkins said: "That is awesome - I am so happy. That was a tough race, with
grass and bikes flying everywhere, but I just stuck at it and gave it everything
I'd got."

Easton had to settle for second best, still his best result of this campaign,
and was lucky to avoid Brookes' bouncing bike as it cartwheeled over him.

Flying Scot Easton said: "I was so lucky when Josh's bike came over me - it
really was like a plane crashing down around me."

Third place went to former champion Shane Byrne on the HM Plant Honda, who
extended his lead in the title stakes 70-59 over Easton.

Byrne said: "My first race was a bit messy, so this third place makes up for
that.

"But on Saturday if anyone had said I could be fourth and third as we struggled
with the electronics I would not have believed it. The team turned it around for
me, so all credit must go to them and now I hope we can move on and be fast next
time out."

Kiyonari ran fourth, unable to repeat the pace that earlier had taken him to his
10th victory at the circuit.

The Japanese rider said: "I had a problem that I could not brake hard enough
going into the corners. But still I hoped for a podium finish, though once they
came past me I could not get them back."

But pre-race favourite Tommy Hill was left cursing his circuit jinx after
previously coming off in the final round six months earlier and losing the
chance of taking the title.

This time he arrived as the leader, clocked the pole-setting time at
record-breaking pace - then crashed spectacularly during morning practice.

It was a case of wrong place, wrong time for the Swan Yamaha rider as he powered
into Brittens moments after Loris Baz had crashed, his bike spilling fluids onto
the circuit.

Heal

Hill said: "I just caught the fluid with the rear tyre and it threw me off."

He landed heavily, ripping the ligaments in his left shoulder, an injury that
could put him out for a month.

"I have been told this injury can take five to six weeks to heal, but I will see
a specialist on Tuesday and then we can go from there," he added.

And to complete a bad weekend for the Hill family, younger brother Jimmy broke
his wrist in a tumble during qualifying for the Supersport.

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: KING JOHN: Hopkins is overjoyed after winning second race
HE JINX IT'S ALL OVER: Tommy Hill's Oulton Park misery continues as he crashes
in the morning warm-up

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DSTscot


                       Copyright 2011 Express Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              710 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                             March 29, 2011 Tuesday
                                   E1 Edition

Gearing up for Super Series second round

BYLINE:  MOTORSPORT CORRESPONDENT

SECTION: CLASSIFIED; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 434 words


The WesBank Super Series comes to Killarney only once or twice a year, which
makes the second round of the 2011 SA Superbike championship, to be run at the
Cape circuit on April 2, something of an unknown quantity.

Many of the upcountry riders don't like the Cape circuit because it's
old-fashioned and bumpy - the back straight, for instance, is neither straight,
nor flat, nor level. But, unlike Kyalami, only one of its corners is blind,
which makes it easier to learn.

This is why some of the top riders entered the Western Cape Regional meeting on
March 19 to get baseline suspension settings for their 2011 machines and refresh
their "feel" for the country's second-oldest circuit (only the East London Grand
Prix circuit is older).

They included the leading contenders in this year's title chase, BMW works rider
Greg Gildenhuys and former double champion Sheridan Morais on the brand-new 2011
Kawasaki ZX-10.

These two got into it big time in Round 1 at Kyalami - where Morais scored a
magnificent double victory - and again at the Cape Regionals, where they were
literally in a class of their own.

They can be expected to do the same on April 2.

In the absence of the Bikefin Honda squad - still throwing toys out of cots
after having been excluded from the 2010 championship for a technical
infringement - their biggest threats are likely to be Julian Odendaal and Chris
Leeson, each on a new Kawasaki, and Nicolas Grobler on a BMW S1000RR.

But if there's a dark horse it has to be former 600 Supersport star James Egan,
who will be out for the first time on a BMW S1000RR or rookie Jonathan Willcox,
also on a BMW, who has been quietly making huge strides after getting his ass
whupped by local hotshot David "McFlash" McFadden (on a 600!) in the first Cape
Regional of 2011, last month.

600 SUPERSPORT

McFlash set the series alight when he took his new ZX-6R to Kyalami and pulled
off a stunning double victory, giving him a significant 14-point cushion over
Honda rider Clinton Seller (who is back from a year of racing in the US and
fired up to show the locals how it's done) and rising Suzuki star Steven
Odendaal.

They'll be under pressure, however, from Seller's Bikefin team mates Brent
Harran, Angolan Sando Carvalho and local hero Lance Isaacs - who should be hard
to beat in front of his home crowd - while others to watch will include Dean Vos
(Kawasaki), Robert Portman (Triumph), Hayden Louw (Yamaha), Dylan White (Yamaha)
and Cameron Petersen, son of multiple former champion Robbie Petersen, who will
ride a Kawasaki.

And if that sounds like the 600cc class is pretty well wide open, it is.

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CA


                 Copyright 2011 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              711 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                          September 23, 2010 Thursday
                                 Every Edition

Church celebrates 150th anniversary;
Site used as Civil War hospital inspired Red Cross founder

BYLINE: Gregg MacDonald; Fairfax County Times

SECTION: EXTRAS; Pg. VA18

LENGTH: 758 words


The Fairfax Station church in which American Red Cross founder Clara Barton got
her start turned 150 this year.

St. Mary of Sorrows Catholic Church, at Fairfax Station Road and Route 123,
became the first Catholic church in Fairfax County when it was officially
dedicated in 1860.

According to church officials, two Irish Catholic families living in Fairfax
Station -- the Hamills and Cunninghams -- donated a tract of land to the Diocese
of Richmond in 1838, in hopes of having a Catholic church built on it. But the
area was in more need of a cemetery, so the land was used for that purpose until
the church's cornerstone was laid 20 years later.

"In the meantime, a circuit rider priest came monthly for Mass and other
services," said Ron Beavers, a Fairfax Station resident and historian.

In the late 1840s, the Orange and Alexandria Railroad began to lay track
westward from Alexandria and advertised for workers. Irish immigrants who had
come to the area after the Great Famine responded and ultimately settled at
Fairfax Station, Beavers said.

"The pastor of St. Mary's Church in Alexandria often held Mass for these
railroad workers in boxcars at the train station, about a quarter-mile from
where the church is today," Beavers said.

Less than a year after the church's dedication in 1860, the Civil War came to
Northern Virginia. Given the church's location on the main road from Fairfax
Courthouse to the depot of the Orange and Alexandria Railroad, now Fairfax
Station, the area quickly became an important strategic objective for the armies
vying for control of area railroads.

At the onset of the war, both Confederate and Union forces were positioned in
the area surrounding St. Mary's. The Union controlled the railroad out to Burke,
while the Confederates controlled the Manassas area. The land in between, on
which St. Mary's stood, would become the scene of numerous skirmishes.

"During the Battle of Manassas, in 1861, the Union Army used the church as a
field hospital after removing the pews and using them for firewood," said St.
Mary's parishioner Frank Adams, 76, chairman of the 150th anniversary
celebration. "Some years after, President Ulysses S. Grant ordered the pews
replaced. Those same pews are still there today."

During the Second Battle of Manassas, in late August 1862, the armies clashed
for a three-day battle that resulted in nearly 25,000 casualties. Many of the
wounded Union soldiers were taken to St. Mary's, which the Union again was using
as a field hospital.

"Among those caring for the wounded soldiers, there was a recording clerk from
the U.S. Patent Office in Washington named Clara Barton," said Liz Byrne, St.
Mary's parishioner, historian and Clara Barton impersonator. "She was from
Massachusetts and had heard that many soldiers from her area had been brought
there. She wanted to help."

Barton had received no formal medical training but, when she was 11, had nursed
her older brother for two years after a bad fall incapacitated him, Byrne said.
She nursed the wounded during the battle as heavy rains fell and doctors
operated in the only dry place available: the church.

Many of the soldiers who died were buried in the churchyard.

Although 20,000 Confederate soldiers began the push toward Fairfax Station,
Barton, along with other volunteers and doctors, remained until the last of the
3,000 or so wounded Union soldiers were evacuated. She watched from the windows
of the last train headed north as the Fairfax Station depot was set on fire.
Today, 150 years later, controversy still remains as to whether the depot was
burned by Confederate or Union troops. Beavers is attempting to set the record
straight with the results of his research, claiming it was burned by the Union
side.

As a result of Barton's experiences at St. Mary's, she devised a plan to
establish a civilian medical treatment society, which became the American Red
Cross.

"She envisioned an organization that could attend to troops as they came off the
field of battle," Byrne said. "She envisioned trauma care where soldiers could
be immediately bandaged and fed."

A plaque honoring Barton sits on the Route 123 side of the church grounds, in
front of the Fairfax Station Railroad Museum. Another memorial plaque is affixed
to the church.

Today, the church is used for daily Mass. Because it can accommodate only about
200 people, a sister church was built in 1979 on Sideburn Road in Fairfax to
serve the more than 3,000 families of the modern parish.

The church celebrated its 150th anniversary during its annual Labor Day
festival.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Fairfax South

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; Photos By Gregg Macdonald/fairfax County Times; St. Mary of
Sorrows in Fairfax Station, dedicated in 1860, has staged an annual picnic and
festival since about 1876.
IMAGE; Liz Byrne portrays American Red Cross founder Clara Barton at the annual
festival.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              712 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                  Spalding Guardian & Lincolnshire Free Press

                           September 10, 2010 Friday

MOTORSPORT: Wilson targets pacesetters

LENGTH: 206 words



HIGHLIGHT: FIRED-UP Ben Wilson is aiming to keep the pressure on the
championship pacesetters this weekend.


The Gearlink Kawasaki rider from Kirton travels to Croft for round ten of the
British Supersport championship.

Wilson is anxious to add to his points tally and maintain his fourth place in
the overall rider standings - while also keeping a watchful eye on those above
him.

He had a confidence boost when he finished third at his home circuit of Cadwell
Park last week and is eager for more of the same at Croft.

The North Yorkshire circuit has been kind to him in the past. Last season he was
third for Gearlink Kawasaki and in 2008 he took two third places, one in the R1
Cup and the other in the Superstock championship.

Wilson said: "I am really looking forward to Croft, it's a circuit I enjoy and
is well suited to the Gearlink Kawasaki Ninja ZX-6R.

"We are nearing the end of the season now and I need to keep the pressure on the
guys ahead of me in the championship so will be going all out for a top result."

With three races left in the series, Graham Gowland holds third place in the
rider standings but is only three points ahead of Wilson and a finish could see
him elevated up into the top three.

Free practice takes place on Friday, followed by qualifying on Saturday ahead of
the 18-lap British Supersport race on Sunday at 3.40pm.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SGJ


                       Copyright 2010 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              713 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                  Spalding Guardian & Lincolnshire Free Press

                           September 10, 2010 Friday

MOTORSPORT: Wilson targets pacesetters

LENGTH: 206 words



HIGHLIGHT: FIRED-UP Ben Wilson is aiming to keep the pressure on the
championship pacesetters this weekend.


The Gearlink Kawasaki rider from Kirton travels to Croft for round ten of the
British Supersport championship.

Wilson is anxious to add to his points tally and maintain his fourth place in
the overall rider standings - while also keeping a watchful eye on those above
him.

He had a confidence boost when he finished third at his home circuit of Cadwell
Park last week and is eager for more of the same at Croft.

The North Yorkshire circuit has been kind to him in the past. Last season he was
third for Gearlink Kawasaki and in 2008 he took two third places, one in the R1
Cup and the other in the Superstock championship.

Wilson said: "I am really looking forward to Croft, it's a circuit I enjoy and
is well suited to the Gearlink Kawasaki Ninja ZX-6R.

"We are nearing the end of the season now and I need to keep the pressure on the
guys ahead of me in the championship so will be going all out for a top result."

With three races left in the series, Graham Gowland holds third place in the
rider standings but is only three points ahead of Wilson and a finish could see
him elevated up into the top three.

Free practice takes place on Friday, followed by qualifying on Saturday ahead of
the 18-lap British Supersport race on Sunday at 3.40pm.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SGJ


                       Copyright 2010 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              714 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Aberdeen Press and Journal

                             July 24, 2010 Saturday

Mini moto race day

BYLINE: Colene Mckessick

SECTION: FEATURES; MOTORING; News; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 195 words


TOMORROW, Deeside Activity Park will open its kart-racing track to anyone with a
mini moto for its annual race day.

The park, near Aboyne, has a 375m asphalt circuit which is usually used for kart
racing. Most Sunday mornings, the park has had a good selection of riders going
along to make use of the facilities.

Practice for this weekend's event starts at 9am, with a break for lunch, then
qualifying laps. There will then be a series of class races, with a prize-giving
at 3.30pm.

"It is great to open up the kart circuit to the mini-moto racers again this
year," said Fiona McIver, marketing manager for the park.

"This will be a fun day aimed at the hundreds of mini-moto owners, allowing them
to put their machines through their paces in a safe environment.

"Lee Hepburn, the Scottish mini-moto champion, practised at Deeside Activity
Park and has taken part in many of our race days. His bike can reach top speeds
of nearly 70mph."

All riders will need helmets and elbow and knee protection.

A large children's play area, an indoor activities arena, conference facilities,
a farm shop and a coffee shop are also available on-site.

For more information, call 01339 883536.

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PJ


                      Copyright 2010 Aberdeen Journals Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              715 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               Leicester Mercury

                             June 24, 2010 Thursday

Motorsport: Mallory pulls out all stops for biggest event of year

BYLINE: motorsport

SECTION: Pg. 50

LENGTH: 244  words


Mallory Park is gearing up for its biggest event of the year this weekend.

The Leicestershire circuit stages round five of the MCE Insurance British
Superbike Championship, which features the top riders in the country.

Tommy Hill, on the Worx Suzuki, leads the way from Aussie star John Brookes (HM
Plant Honda) and Relentless Suzuki's Michael Laverty.

In the Evo class, county-based South African Hudson Kennaugh tops the table,
with Aussie David Johnson, based in Hinckley, lying fourth and Loughborough's
Aaron Zanotti fifth.

Mallory are pulling out all the stops and general manager John Ward said: "There
is loads of work going on.

"Marquees are going up, lots of painting is being done, barriers are being
repaired and we're completing a spectator banking section from the hairpin to
the esses.

"On site, we expect to have up to 24,000 people here on Sunday and that means we
have taken on many extra staff.

"This is such a big event that there will around 220 extras on duty mainly
taking care of security and catering."

Riders will be racing on the full 1.3 mile circuit where lap times will be just
under a minute and speeds along the short straights reach 180mph.

As well as two BSB races, there will be a full supporting programme including
Supersport, Triumphs and 125ccs.

The meeting opens tomorrow  with practice from 11am. Qualifying on Saturday
starts at 9.30am and Sunday's first race is at 11.15am.

For further information visit:

http://www.mallorypark.co.uk

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 44


                        Copyright 2010 Leicester Mercury
                              All Rights Reserved


                              716 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               Lincolnshire Echo

                             May 22, 2010 Saturday

Cadwell calling

SECTION: Pg. 29

LENGTH: 407  words


One of the county's biggest sporting events of the year is underway - round four
of the MCE Insurance British Superbike Championship at Cadwell Park.

Tomorrow, up to 30,000 bike fans will descend on the Wolds circuit near Louth.

As part the Echo's comprehensive coverage of the series, we bring you all you
need to know ahead of raceday.

Viewing hotspots

Don't miss the spectacular sight of the Superbikes getting airborne over the
Mountain.

This is the most popular viewing area so get there early to get the best seats
in the house.

Mansfield is another firm favourite as the pack speed down and are hard on the
brakes, so a great place to see some daredevil overtaking manoeuvres.

Make sure you take a walk to Hall Bends to watch the fast and frantic switches
as the Superbikes stream through the narrowest point on the circuit, but an
ideal place to get some photos of the star riders in action.

Riders to watch

Lincolnshire favourite and British Superstock leader Steve Plater may be
sidelined with a broken arm, but there will be no shortage of county interest
tomorrow.

Lincoln's Sam Lowes, on his GNS Racing Honda, is one of the favourites for the
British Supersport race after a first and second place so far this season.

Boston's Ben Wilson, who won at Oulton Park last time out on his Gearlink
Kawasaki, will also be a podium contender.

Plater's absence means Lee Jackson, from Lincoln, will be the county's sole
participant in the Superstock 1000 race.

After a strong showing in practice yesterday, he could bag some decent points on
his Buildbase Kawasaki.

Jackson's nephew, Leebob, and another Lincoln rider, Ross Walker, will duke it
out in the British 125GP Championship.

There will also be county interest in the main events of the day - the two
British Superbike showdowns.

A midfield place is the best Louth's Peter Hickman, on his Ultimate Racing
Yamaha, can hope for.

But Australian Josh Brookes, a winner at Thruxton this season, and former
British Superbike champion Ryuichi Kiyonari should be at the sharp end for the
Louth-based HM Plant Honda squad.

Tickets

A raceday tickets costs £29 while children 12 and under go free. Gates open at
7am.

Car parking

Car and bike parking is available at locations on site free of charge.  Follow
the road signs on your approach to the circuit.

Next time

The British Superbike series will return to Cadwell for its traditional August
Bank Holiday weekend slot, which will be round nine of the championship.

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 90


                        Copyright 2010 Lincolnshire Echo
                              All Rights Reserved


                              717 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                 Carleton Place

                              May 16, 2010 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

Mark Cavendish rides to victory in first stage of Tour of California

SECTION: Pg. 01

LENGTH: 374  words

DATELINE: ARTICLE


SACRAMENTO, Calif. - Mark Cavendish of Britain surged to the front in the waning
metres with the help of his teammates and won the opening stage of the Tour of
California on Sunday.

Cavendish, a 10-time Tour de France stage winner who rides for the American
HTC-Columbia team, was timed in four hours four minutes 46 seconds in the
167.69-kilometre road stage from Nevada City.

Juan Jose Haedo (Saxo Bank) of Argentina was second and Alexander Kristoff (BMC)
of Norway third in the same time.

"It's seven weeks to go for the Tour de France and it gave the team confidence,"
said Cavendish, who claimed his third win of the season. "We should get the same
results as we did last year at the Tour de France."

With his 10-second bonus time for his win, Cavendish will have a four-second
race lead over Haedo and a six-second margin over Kristoff for the second stage
Monday from Davis to Santa.

Three-time defending race winner Levi Leiphiemer (RadioShack) and teammate Lance
Armstrong, the seven-time Tour de France winner, finished safely in the main
field in the same time as the winner.

Guillaume Boivin (Spidertech p/b Planet Energy) finished as the top Canadian in
seventh, followed by teammate Martin Gilbert in 14th and Charles Dionne (Fly V
Australia) in 15th.

Five riders, including former world titlists Tom Boonen (Quick Step) of Belgium
and Stuart O'Grady of Australia crashed on the final circuit. But all of the
fallen riders finished and were given the same time as the winner.

Cavendish, who claimed his third career stage in the race's five-year history,
stayed behind several teammates as the field of 128 riders approached the
beginning of the three final circuits around the state capitol. He then moved to
the front inside the final half-mile and was briefly but unsuccessfully
challenged by Haedo.

Maarten Tjallingii (Rabobank), Marc De Maar (United Healthcare) both of the
Netherlands and Americans Chad Beyer (BMC), Paul Mach (Bissell) emerged from the
field after about 16 km. The foursome built more than a five-minute lead and
rode at the front for 135 km and nearly four hours before being caught about 16
km from the finish.

The 1,303-km event, eight-day event concludes Sunday with a circuit race
finishing in Agoura Hills, Calif.

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              718 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        Guelph Mercury (Ontario, Canada)

                              May 16, 2010 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

Mark Cavendish rides to victory in first stage of Tour of California

SECTION: Pg. 01

LENGTH: 374  words

DATELINE: ARTICLE


SACRAMENTO, Calif. - Mark Cavendish of Britain surged to the front in the waning
metres with the help of his teammates and won the opening stage of the Tour of
California on Sunday.

Cavendish, a 10-time Tour de France stage winner who rides for the American
HTC-Columbia team, was timed in four hours four minutes 46 seconds in the
167.69-kilometre road stage from Nevada City.

Juan Jose Haedo (Saxo Bank) of Argentina was second and Alexander Kristoff (BMC)
of Norway third in the same time.

"It's seven weeks to go for the Tour de France and it gave the team confidence,"
said Cavendish, who claimed his third win of the season. "We should get the same
results as we did last year at the Tour de France."

With his 10-second bonus time for his win, Cavendish will have a four-second
race lead over Haedo and a six-second margin over Kristoff for the second stage
Monday from Davis to Santa.

Three-time defending race winner Levi Leiphiemer (RadioShack) and teammate Lance
Armstrong, the seven-time Tour de France winner, finished safely in the main
field in the same time as the winner.

Guillaume Boivin (Spidertech p/b Planet Energy) finished as the top Canadian in
seventh, followed by teammate Martin Gilbert in 14th and Charles Dionne (Fly V
Australia) in 15th.

Five riders, including former world titlists Tom Boonen (Quick Step) of Belgium
and Stuart O'Grady of Australia crashed on the final circuit. But all of the
fallen riders finished and were given the same time as the winner.

Cavendish, who claimed his third career stage in the race's five-year history,
stayed behind several teammates as the field of 128 riders approached the
beginning of the three final circuits around the state capitol. He then moved to
the front inside the final half-mile and was briefly but unsuccessfully
challenged by Haedo.

Maarten Tjallingii (Rabobank), Marc De Maar (United Healthcare) both of the
Netherlands and Americans Chad Beyer (BMC), Paul Mach (Bissell) emerged from the
field after about 16 km. The foursome built more than a five-minute lead and
rode at the front for 135 km and nearly four hours before being caught about 16
km from the finish.

The 1,303-km event, eight-day event concludes Sunday with a circuit race
finishing in Agoura Hills, Calif.

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2010 Metroland Media Group Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              719 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               Waterloo Chronicle

                              May 16, 2010 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

Mark Cavendish rides to victory in first stage of Tour of California

SECTION: Pg. 01

LENGTH: 374  words

DATELINE: ARTICLE


SACRAMENTO, Calif. - Mark Cavendish of Britain surged to the front in the waning
metres with the help of his teammates and won the opening stage of the Tour of
California on Sunday.

Cavendish, a 10-time Tour de France stage winner who rides for the American
HTC-Columbia team, was timed in four hours four minutes 46 seconds in the
167.69-kilometre road stage from Nevada City.

Juan Jose Haedo (Saxo Bank) of Argentina was second and Alexander Kristoff (BMC)
of Norway third in the same time.

"It's seven weeks to go for the Tour de France and it gave the team confidence,"
said Cavendish, who claimed his third win of the season. "We should get the same
results as we did last year at the Tour de France."

With his 10-second bonus time for his win, Cavendish will have a four-second
race lead over Haedo and a six-second margin over Kristoff for the second stage
Monday from Davis to Santa.

Three-time defending race winner Levi Leiphiemer (RadioShack) and teammate Lance
Armstrong, the seven-time Tour de France winner, finished safely in the main
field in the same time as the winner.

Guillaume Boivin (Spidertech p/b Planet Energy) finished as the top Canadian in
seventh, followed by teammate Martin Gilbert in 14th and Charles Dionne (Fly V
Australia) in 15th.

Five riders, including former world titlists Tom Boonen (Quick Step) of Belgium
and Stuart O'Grady of Australia crashed on the final circuit. But all of the
fallen riders finished and were given the same time as the winner.

Cavendish, who claimed his third career stage in the race's five-year history,
stayed behind several teammates as the field of 128 riders approached the
beginning of the three final circuits around the state capitol. He then moved to
the front inside the final half-mile and was briefly but unsuccessfully
challenged by Haedo.

Maarten Tjallingii (Rabobank), Marc De Maar (United Healthcare) both of the
Netherlands and Americans Chad Beyer (BMC), Paul Mach (Bissell) emerged from the
field after about 16 km. The foursome built more than a five-minute lead and
rode at the front for 135 km and nearly four hours before being caught about 16
km from the finish.

The 1,303-km event, eight-day event concludes Sunday with a circuit race
finishing in Agoura Hills, Calif.

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              720 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                                  May 13, 2010
                               Motor News Edition

Motorcycle racing at its best

BYLINE: MOTOR NEWS REPORTER

SECTION: SPORT

LENGTH: 431  words


LOCAL MOTORSPORT

Motorcycle racing at its best

Kyalami is to play host to the world's best superbike riders this weekend

SOUTH African motorsport fans have a unique opportunity this weekend to see the
best motorcycle racing on the planet live at Kyalami in Gauteng. The sixth round
of the FIM Superbike World Championship starts tomorrow with qualifying for the
Superbike and Supersport categories, followed by qualifying on Saturday and one
Supersport and two Superbike races on Sunday.

A bonus even before the race weekend starts is today's Free Open Paddock with
the circuit gates open to the public free of charge from 3pm to 4.30pm and
access to the pit lane with riders in attendance to meet the fans and sign
autographs between 3.30pm and 4pm.

Three of SA's top riders will be in action at Kyalami. Sheridan Morais, the
reigning national Interfile Superbike champion, will contest the two World
Superbike races on Sunday on a third factory Aprilia alongside regular riders
Max Biaggi of Italy and Leon Camier of Great Britain. Contesting the Supersport
category will be 32-year-old Capetonian Lance Isaacs and 19-year-old Ronan
Quarmby of Bryanston in Gauteng, who will ride Ten Kate Racing Hondas as wild
card entries.

"This is a great opportunity for race fans to see three of the country's most
exciting talents on two wheels go up against the best production bike riders in
the world," said Stephen Watson, head of the local organising committee. "Ticket
sales have been excellent and my advice to the fans who haven't already got
tickets is to get to Computicket as soon as you can and avoid having to queue on
race day."

There will be more than 40 food and beverage outlets scattered around the
circuit, offering a wide variety of hot fast foods, snacks, cold drinks and
beers. There will be at least five giant television screens strategically placed
around the circuit for greater spectator viewing. The circuit changes required
by the FIM to improve the safety of the pit exit road are completed and more
than 150 tons of earth that have been removed to widen the pit exit have been
relocated to the outside of the circuit opposite turns two and three.

Saturday's Superpole and Sunday's World Superbike and Supersport races at
Kyalami will be broadcast to over 40 countries on SuperSport television.

Ticket prices range from R550 to R650 for a grandstand ticket for the weekend
(Friday through Sunday) and R250 for general access for the three days. Pit walk
tickets cost R75.

Lance Isaacs will be one of the local wild card entries in the World Superbikes
this weekend at Kyalami.

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2010 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              721 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                         Drogheda Independent (Ireland)

                                 March 24, 2010

Locals in frame for honours

SECTION: SPORT

LENGTH: 154 words


Opening the weekend on Saturday at 3pm will be the Harry Reynolds Memorial which
will start at the Man O'War pub and cover seven laps of a 7.2km local circuit,
total distance 52.4km.

Then on Sunday the Ben McKenna memorial Race for A1-A2 riders will get under way
from the Ring Commons Sports Centre at 11am and will complete four laps of the
Kitchenstown, Nags Head, Ballyboughal, Colecot, Ballough, 5-Roads, Walshestown,
Balrickard circuit   a total distance of 112km.

Last weekend local honours went to Stamullen M Donnelly's Craig Sweetman and
Robert Moore, who finished third and seventh respectively in the Countess
Markiewicz Cup race in Sligo from 76 starters with Kieran Mangan from another
Meath club   Clonard   in the runnerup spot.

On Sunday, 331 cyclists lined up for the various races promoted by the Bohermeen
club in Meath, with John Mason from Dunboyne/Engraveit.ie the best placed local
rider in fourth spot.

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2010 Independent News and Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              722 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Bakersfield Californian

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 12, 2010 Friday

End of fifth stage here shapes up as 'finish for the ages'

BYLINE: Zach Ewing, The Bakersfield Californian

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 500 words


Feb. 12--It has about everything you'd want in a bicycling race -- star power,
sprinting, climbing and likely a frenetic finish -- wrapped up into one day of
action and ending at Bakersfield College.

It's the fifth stage of the 2010 Amgen Tour of California, and the Bakersfield
Sports Foundation unveiled its course Thursday.

"This route is exactly what we wanted for our stage," said Kerry Ryan, chairman
of the BSF and the owner of Action Sports, in a prepared statement.

Lance Armstrong, Levi Leipheimer, Andy Schleck and David Zabriskie are among the
cyclists who competed in the race last year; many of the same are expected in
2010.

Bakersfield will take center stage May 20, the day after riders race from San
Jose to Modesto. Stage 5 follows a 121.5-mile route, starting in Visalia at
10:45 a.m. and scheduled to end in Bakersfield between 3 and 4 p.m. The end of
the stage will be televised on Versus starting at 2.

The route first winds east and then south from Visalia, through Farmersville,
Exeter, Lindsay, Strathmore and Porterville: This is the flat part of the stage,
with several sprints and mostly flat land over 37 miles.

Then comes the first climb, into the Sierra Nevada foothills. It's at this point
that the stage rolls onto windy Old Stage Road and into Kern County on as much
as a 14-percent grade.

The climb ends near Glennville before the route descends down Granite Road and
Round Mountain Road toward Bakersfield. Once there, the riders ride through the
Kern River oilfield and up the Panorama Bluffs.

There, riders make three circuits before sprinting up Panorama Drive to the
finish at Bakersfield College.

"In speaking with race officials and local cyclists, I can say the Bakersfield
finish will be one for the ages," said Bakersfield Convention & Visitors Bureau
Manager Don Cohen in a prepared statement. "And because of our location and no
Central Coast city having a tour stop this year, I foresee the finish being one
of the most well-attended in the 2010 race."

Stage 6 starts the following day and goes from Pasadena to Big Bear Lake, a
stage that includes some 12,000 feet of climbing. The race ends May 23 with a
circuit of the Thousand Oaks area.

The BSF lured the Tour of California to Bakersfield after the tour chose stages
from Merced to Clovis and from Visalia to Paso Robles last year. And, Ryan
notes, this year's new stage will have it all.

"The beauty and challenge of the Kern County mountains, coupled with a
crowd-pleasing circuit finish in Bakersfield on live international television,
is a dream route for all those involved."

To see more of The Bakersfield Californian, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.bakersfield.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Bakersfield Californian
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20100212-BK-End-of-fifth-stage-here-shapes-up-as-finish-for-the-ages-0212

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BK


                   Copyright 2010 The Bakersfield Californian


                              723 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                  The Northern Echo (Newsquest Regional Press)

                            November 15, 2009 Sunday

Veazey achieves top ten target

BYLINE: Matt Westcott

SECTION: SPORT: MOTORSPORT NEWS

LENGTH: 291 words


PAUL Veazey achieved the next target in his inaugural season in the Spanish
Championship with tenth place in yesterday's sixth round of the CEV Buckler
Supersport series at the Jerez circuit in south-west Spain.

Veazey has consistently performed in point-scoring positions all year on the Joe
Darcey Team Honda, finishing regularly inside the top 15, prior to his latest
outing at Jerez.

His tenth place finish also came after the Middlesbrough rider had equalled his
best qualifying display of the year, taking 11th place on the third row of the
grid for yesterdays 17-lap race around the 2.752-mile circuit, home of the
Spanish Grand Prix.

After a good start to the race, Veazey then lost five places in the second
corner, he explained: "I flew off the start line, but then got boxed in at the
second corner."

By lap four he was up to 12th place then up to 11th place by lap 11. A lap later
he took tenth place and was immediately on the tail of Spanish rider Yannick
Guerra and battling for ninth.

"I made a couple of mistakes and should really have got ninth place," Veazey
admitted. "I was never close enough to Guerra at the end of the straights so
couldn't really make a pass on him.

"He just about had the edge on me going down the straights, but I'm sure I
could've left him if I had been able to make the pass. But tenth place is good
it's just, as a racer, you always want more and want to do better."

The race was won by wild card rider Xavier Simeon of Belgium, the 2009 European
Superstock 1000cc Champion. Veazey's team-mate Kevin Coghlan took fourth place
to clinch the Spanish Supersport Championship title.

The final round of the CEV Buckler Spanish Supersport Championship takes place
next Sunday, November 22, at the Valencia circuit.

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              724 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                            September 7, 2009 Monday
                                 THIRD EDITION

TOUR OF MISSOURI (SCHEDULE)

BYLINE: Kathleen Nelson (Post-Dispatch)

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B7

LENGTH: 579 words

DATELINE: 0


TODAY

Stage 1: Circuit race in St. Louis, 75 miles

Start: 2:30 p.m.

Approximate finish: 5 p.m.

Riders will complete 10 laps of a 7.5-mile circuit through downtown, Soulard and
Lafayette Square. A few riders are expected to break away and gain a lead of
three or four minutes, but they will be caught by the final lap, leaving the
race to the sprinters. Liquigas' Francesco Chicchi won last year, but
Columbia-HTC's Mark Cavendish will be motivated to make amends for finishing
second last year.

TUESDAY

Stage 2: Ste. Genevieve to

Cape Girardeau, 112.4 miles

Start: 11 a.m.

Approximate finish: 3 p.m.

The race heads to the southeast for the first time. The stage includes rolling
hills, which will allow a breakaway to build a lead of five or six minutes. Look
for the teams of the sprinters - Columbia-HTC, Liquigas and Cervelo - to work
together to reel in the escapees. The finish includes some tricky turns, so the
bunch will have to be attentive to avoid crashes. Again, Cavendish should be a
favorite for victory.

WEDNESDAY

Stage 3: Farmington to Rolla,

114.3 miles

Start: 11 a.m.

Approximate finish: 3:15 p.m.

Strong riders such as George Hincapie, Jens Voigt or Heinrich Haussler will be
looking to join a breakaway, which would be tough to chase down because of the
steep, unrelenting terrain and potential crosswinds. Any of the three could win
the stage and take the overall lead in the race by a few minutes.

THURSDAY

Stage 4: St. James to Jefferson City, 109.2 miles

Start: 2 p.m.

Approximate finish: 6 p.m.

A reprise of last year's stage. Opportunists tried to get away on the hilly
circuits in the capital, including Missouri native Brad Huff. The uphill finish,
though, favors a sprinter of strength such as Cervelo's Thor Hushovd, who won
the green jersey at the Tour de France as the most consistent sprinter.

FRIDAY

Stage 5: Individual time trial, Sedalia, 19 miles

Start: 2 p.m.

Approximate finish: 5 p.m.

Riders start at one-minute intervals and race the clock in this relatively flat
stage. Levi Leipheimer of Astana, Dave Zabriskie of Garmin-Slipstream and his
teammate, Christian VandeVelde, love time trials, and Columbia's Michael Rogers
is a three-time world champion. The flat course gives a slight edge to Zabriskie
or Rogers. The winner could build a lead on the stage that ultimately proves
insurmountable, as VandeVelde did last year in the Branson time trial.

SATURDAY

Stage 6: Chillicothe to St. Joseph, 110.3 miles

Start: 1 p.m.

Approximate finish: 5:30 p.m.

The team of the overall leader will have to fight off not only challengers on
the bike but a stiff crosswind. Don't be surprised if the bunch, known in French
as the peloton, splits apart because of the wind. (The stage is aptly sponsored
by the Wind Capital Group.) Riders in the back could lose as much as five or six
minutes, so expect the leaders to be near the front and any breakaway to be
reeled in early. The stage should come down to the sprinters who keep themselves
at the front. Hushovd and Cavendish are smart enough to be able to duke it out.

SUNDAY

Stage 7: Circuit race in Kansas City, 72.3 miles

Start: 2 p.m.

Approximate finish: 4:30 p.m.

The finishing stage is more technical than the circuit in St. Louis, with more
corners and hills to navigate. A breakaway is only slightly more likely to
succeed, though. The big teams with sprinters will work to keep the group
together and make one final splash for the sponsors. Otherwise, Cavendish is
fastest and most successful in the bunch, so bet on him.

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              725 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                               Corkman (Ireland)

                                August 27, 2009

Busy weekend of action for the Slipstream club

SECTION: GENERAL NEWS

LENGTH: 336 words


On Saturday Kyle Murphy attended the Ashford GP hosted by Bray Wheelers in
Roundwood.

The course was one lap of a very tough race circuit with Kyle, Adrain Wall and
Stephen Bracken fighting to the finish. Adain Wall of Navan Road Club took the
honours with Stephen Bracken of South East Road Club taking second and Kyle
taking third place. Congratulations to all!

Paul Bracken also attended this race for the C riders. Pauls race was five laps
(35 miles) of the same circuit which had plenty of hills and drags to test the
legs. The race finished with a bunch sprint which saw Gary McNulty of Orwell
Wheelers talking first place by just half a bike length over Paul, in which he
took a well deserved second place and Seth Minks of South Dublin CC in third.
This result leaves Paul just two points short off a B licence.

Kyle also attended the Lenister Youth Championships in Kilmessan Co. Meath on
Sunday the course was two laps of a 16km circuit. This was also a tough course
not for the faint-hearted he took fourth place overall just 40 seconds off the
race leaders.

Paul and Andrew Bracken were also in Kilmessan, showing great fighting spirit
racing among a field of 80 riders which included professional Irish riders. The
course was five laps of the same 16km circuit.

The finish was also a bunch sprint which was blinded by heavy downpours thunder
and lightning. Paul took home the prize for second C rider across the line while
Andrew took home the prize for second Junior. Andrew also received good news
when he got home on Sunday night with a phone call, Andrew has been chosen by he
Irish Developmental Squad to ride the Adare 2 Day in South Limerick in
September. This will be the second time Andrew will be proud to wear the Irish
team colours.

In other news this Sunday, the Slipstream Cycling Club hold their annual Inter
Club Championships starting at 10 a.m. sharp at Toss Byrne's, Inch, Gorey. For
more information check out the website www.slipstreamcyclingclub.com or contact
Sam D'Arcy 0539480713.

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2009 Independent News and Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              726 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                            Wicklow People (Ireland)

                                August 26, 2009

Busy weekend of action for the Slipstream club

SECTION: GENERAL NEWS

LENGTH: 336 words


On Saturday Kyle Murphy attended the Ashford GP hosted by Bray Wheelers in
Roundwood.

The course was one lap of a very tough race circuit with Kyle, Adrain Wall and
Stephen Bracken fighting to the finish. Adain Wall of Navan Road Club took the
honours with Stephen Bracken of South East Road Club taking second and Kyle
taking third place. Congratulations to all!

Paul Bracken also attended this race for the C riders. Pauls race was five laps
(35 miles) of the same circuit which had plenty of hills and drags to test the
legs. The race finished with a bunch sprint which saw Gary McNulty of Orwell
Wheelers talking first place by just half a bike length over Paul, in which he
took a well deserved second place and Seth Minks of South Dublin CC in third.
This result leaves Paul just two points short off a B licence.

Kyle also attended the Lenister Youth Championships in Kilmessan Co. Meath on
Sunday the course was two laps of a 16km circuit. This was also a tough course
not for the faint-hearted he took fourth place overall just 40 seconds off the
race leaders.

Paul and Andrew Bracken were also in Kilmessan, showing great fighting spirit
racing among a field of 80 riders which included professional Irish riders. The
course was five laps of the same 16km circuit.

The finish was also a bunch sprint which was blinded by heavy downpours thunder
and lightning. Paul took home the prize for second C rider across the line while
Andrew took home the prize for second Junior. Andrew also received good news
when he got home on Sunday night with a phone call, Andrew has been chosen by he
Irish Developmental Squad to ride the Adare 2 Day in South Limerick in
September. This will be the second time Andrew will be proud to wear the Irish
team colours.

In other news this Sunday, the Slipstream Cycling Club hold their annual Inter
Club Championships starting at 10 a.m. sharp at Toss Byrne's, Inch, Gorey. For
more information check out the website www.slipstreamcyclingclub.com or contact
Sam D'Arcy 0539480713.

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2009 Independent News and Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              727 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                 Worcester News

                              July 10, 2009 Friday

Double joy for Echelon dynamo

SECTION: ROUND-UP (WN SPORT ROUNDUP)

LENGTH: 137 words


ECHELON-Spiuk rider Steve Dring continued his fine run with two wins.

Dring triumphed at the Wool evening handicap road race where he won the bunch
sprint.

He also prospered at the Barnsfield elite circuit road race where he made a lone
attack with three laps to go.

Dring was joined on the last lap by three others but the Worcestershire rider
took the final sprint.

Between the circuit races, he rode the London Dynamo 80-mile road race in Surrey
and, from a leading group of 25 riders, finished sixth.

His Pershore club-mate Dan Bill sprinted to take seventh place at the final
circuit race at the Cheltenham Racecourse.

In windy conditions on the Cirencester course, Simon Osborne rode his second
fastest 10-mile time trial, recording 22 minutes 36 seconds.

Junior Joe Page recorded another superb time of 23.05 in the same race.

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              728 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               Hucknall Dispatch

                                 April 9, 2009

BMX starlets celebrate new track

BYLINE: Denis Robinson

LENGTH: 513  words


Batey (27) designed the circuit, which has re-opened after a Â£30,000 revamp to
bring it up to Olympic standard.<br/><br/>The track, which has been extended by
more than 50 metres to just under 400 metres, could be used for training by BMX
teams competing in the 2012 London Olympics.<br/><br/>A horrendous fall caused
Batey to miss out on riding at last year's Olympics in Beijing when BMX racing
was introduced to the games for the first time.<br/><br/>He has made a good
recovery from his injuries but is due to have an operation on a damaged shoulder
towards the end of this year.<br/><br/>Batey, of Mansfield, trains young riders
at the Outlaws' circuit on Sellers Wood Drive every Saturday.<br/><br/>He used
to work in the advertising department of the Dispatch and was reunited with the
paper's chief reporter, Denis Robinson, who covered the re-opening.<br/><br/>The
Outlaws successfully applied for funding from the government to enable the track
to get its makeover.<br/><br/>Batey said: "It has been an amazing transformation
of a track at which I had my first-ever race back in 1988.<br/><br/>"I know that
once the circuit develops even further, it could possibly be the number one
facility in the UK.<br/><br/>"The track caters for all abilities and ages, which
was a priority when the rebuild took place.

It is brilliant for me to be able to coach here because the new track provides
many different opportunities to push riders to their full
potential.<br/><br/>"But with the circuit being so good now, I get itchy feet in
the training sessions, wanting to ride on it myself."<br/><br/>Outlaws secretary
Phil Gray-Blest said: "We have worked hard to get the track up to scratch and I
hope we can now show Olympic organisers how impressive it is."<br/><br/>Club
member Jordan Perry (14) is one of the Outlaws youngsters hopeful of a place in
the British team for the London Olympics.<br/><br/>Jordan, who lives on Nine
Acre Gardens on the nearby Snape Wood Estate, is one of five riders from around
the country in a new team, Free Agent Route 55, which has been set up by
Batey.<br/><br/>"I love racing BMX â[#x20ac]" it's fun and exciting and it
certainly keeps me fit," said Jordan.<br/><br/>Nick Carnill, of the Outlaws, who
organises the weekly Saturday sessions, said: <br/><br/>"Our youngsters were
really keen to have a national-standard track and were fed up with the mess and
squalor of the old one.<br/><br/>"The new track is really inspirational for
them, especially knowing Olympic cycling gold medallist Chris Hoy started as a
BMX rider."<br/><br/>The track has had an up-and-down history since it was built
in the early 1980s. The circuit was re-opened in 2006 after funding from Bulwell
residents and businesses made it raceable. Improvements have included a
state-of-the-art start gate.<br/><br/>The venue now hosts one of the biggest
race events in the country and more than 300 people compete there on some
weekends.

THE UK's number one BMX rider, Kelvin Batey, claims that the track of the
Bulwell Outlaws club is now one of the best in the country.<br/>

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              729 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         The Nelson Mail (New Zealand)

                             January 2, 2009 Friday

Sprinter expects to lose lead on the hills

BYLINE: BLOOMBERG Simon

SECTION: SPORT; LOCAL; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 443 words


Subway-Avanti rider Hayden Godfrey won the first stage of the Star and Garter
Tour de Vineyards but immediately conceded he was unlikely to retain the yellow
jersey in today's second stage from Richmond to St Arnaud.

Godfrey yesterday showed why he is the world omnium track champion, hitting a
top speed of 72kmh during a powerful finish to win the 55km Stewarts Avanti Plus
Nelson Hope Circuit. After winning all three sprint laps on the 11-lap circuit,
Godfrey had too much speed for Christchurch's Sam Steele and Otago's Alex
McGregor in the final 500m, winning in 1hr 16min.

"My teammates were working for me the whole last lap to keep the pace on so
there was no chance of anyone getting away," Godfrey said. "We made sure we were
near the front and then Jason Allen did a fantastic job of delivering me to that
last 500 metres."

However, Godfrey said he would be relegated to the ranks of domestique for his
Subway-Avanti team during today's 90km Peak Fuel stage from Richmond to St
Arnaud. The Christchurch rider expected to hand over the yellow tour leader's
jersey to the hill climbers, who would be too strong on the long haul over the
Spooner Range.

"My aim has always been to win the sprint jersey. I haven't got a chance to win
the tour because I'm too big to climb the hills.

"I'll be looking to help my teammates tomorrow. They did a good job for me today
and I'll try and return the favour tomorrow."

Defending champion Jeremy Yates, of Hawke's Bay, was content to sit back in the
70-rider peloton, which finished in the same time as Godfrey. Team Enterprise
rider Yates was to start today's stage only five bonus seconds down on the tour
leader.

Nelson rider Karen Fulton continued her dominance in the sprints, winning the
women's race over seven laps and 35km in 53min 36sec. Defending champion and
Tour de Femme winner Serena Sheridan, also of Nelson, finished second in the
same time as Fulton.

The masters 1-2 men's race over 40km was won by Ben Evans, of Northland, while
the masters 3-7 race over 35km was won by Kerry Harford, of Hawke's Bay.

The second stage of the four-day tour was to start in Richmond at 9am today.
Tomorrow's third stage is from Richmond to the top of the Takaka Hill via
Tapawera, while Sunday's final stage is a circuit race around Hill St.

--------------------

CAPTION:

In front: Star and Garter Wheelers George Bennett and Paul Odlin lead the pack
halfway through stage one of the Tour de Vineyards. Mail

Picture: PATRICK HAMILTON 204856

Winning form: Stage one winner Hayden Godfrey, of Christchurch, leads Sam
Steele, also of Christchurch, on the Hope Circuit of the Tour de Vineyards. Mail

Picture: PATRICK HAMILTON 204861

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                              730 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The West Australian (Perth)

                           November 8, 2008 Saturday
                                 Second Edition

Wanneroo a breeze for Isle of Man 'survivor'

BYLINE: DAVE HUGHES

SECTION: MAI; Pg. 146

LENGTH: 406  words


The butcher's bill is horrendous, 225 dead in 100 years of racing, yet there's
no motorcycle circuit Victorian Cameron Donald would rather test himself against
than the fearsome Mt Snaefell on the Isle of Man.

Considered the world's most dangerous sports course, the 60.7km track includes
more than 200 bends. But what makes it so lethal is that its roads are flanked
by stone walls or hedges and staked out with lamp and sign posts and other nasty
items for fallers to impale themselves on.

Earlier this year, Donald won the Joey Dunlop trophy as the meeting's most
successful rider.

Little wonder he is looking forward to tomorrow's Kings of Wanneroo
International at the wide open spaces of Barbagallo Raceway.

He admits to finding circuit competition somewhat sterile in comparison to road
racing, but it doesn't mean he will be less competitive at the biggest
motorcycle race meeting in WA for more than three decades.

Suzuki rider Donald heads a potent international field for the drawcard
superbike races. The grid for the three 15-lappers will include British
supersport champ Michael Laverty and his brother John, Irishman Ryan Farquhar
and Bruce Anstey, of NZ.

Add 10-times Irish superbike champion Michael Swann, former British 250cc
champion Adrian Coates, world superbike competitor Karl Harris, new Australian
superbike champion Glenn Allerton and US-based Damon Buckmaster, and promoters
can justifiably claim the action will involve the highest quality two-wheel
racing in WA since Perth hosted the final round of the 1972 Pan Pacific series.

Donald will use tomorrow's races to prepare for next weekend's Macau GP, another
road circuit with a huge reputation.

"Road racing is demanding and dangerous but it's so much more accessible for the
fans," he said.

"I went to the Moto GP at Phillip Island last month and even with a pit pass you
didn't get to see a lot. The garage doors were closed and every-thing was
cordoned off.

"Road racing goes where the  people are. We go past their houses.

"The Isle of Man is the ultimate challenge, for riders and mechanics. You have
to work so much harder because the lap is so long and hard to learn, and the
set-up is more difficult because it may be sunny on one side of the island and
raining on the other."

Donald won the superbike and superstock races this year and was duelling for the
lead in the senior race when a cracked crank case started dripping oil, forcing
him into second.

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2008 West Australian NewsPapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              731 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                  Sunday Life

                                November 2, 2008
                                  Main Edition

DANGER;
It's in the blood, it's what we do and who we are BLONDE MOMENT

BYLINE: Ruth Gorman gets up close and personal with the stars

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 78

LENGTH: 682 words


SUNDAY BEST FOR BIKES AND BIG INTERVIEWS... MICHAEL RUTTER

Q.Michael, with seven Isle of Man TT victories under his helmet your dad Tony
paved the way for your career, but what is your first bikes memory?

A.My earliest memories are of being in the garage with dad tinkering at bikes
all the time. Bikes have always been a huge part of our lives.

Q.Apart from your dad, did you have any motorcycling heroes growing up?

A.Kevin Schwantz. He was completely mad, had huge offs but always kept going and
never seemed to pay any attention to what anyone else thought. Whilst all the
other riders around him were very disciplined, Schwantz was a bit of a maverick.

Q.Were you ever interested in any other sports in your younger days?

A.Long distance running...only joking. If something had a competitive edge to it
I would be interested but nothing held my interest as much as the bikes. Now I
love golf, mountain biking and going to the gym.

Q.Do you prefer road or circuit racing?

A.This is really difficult to answer as they are so different. Road racing takes
you back 25 years to what racing was like across the UK. I will always love it
because there is a really relaxed atmosphere at all the road racing events. But
on the other hand, short circuit racing gives riders the chance to push
themselves to 110% in an environment where when you fall off you get up and walk
away.

Q.What has been your favourite course to race on and why?

A.In terms of short circuits it would have to be Oulton Park. I love circuits
that feature up and down hills and where you can really feel the speed you are
doing. As for road racing, it will always be the North West 200. I love coming
to Northern Ireland as I always feel so at home here. The North West has also
given me some unique memories. The track is so incredibly fast that it's amazing
you can still hear the crowd cheering you on!

Q.Where did your nickname 'The Blade' come from?

A.I wish I had a better answer for this, but it really was just from going down
the pub at home. It's a bit of a Black Country colloquialism - everyone calls
each other 'blade' and over the years it has just stuck!

Q.What has been your favourite bike to ride on and why?

A.In 1998 I was on a full factory RC45 Honda and it was a fantastic bike to
ride.

Q.What has been your most memorable race and why?

A.There have been so many it really is hard to choose one, but probably entering
the World Superbike Race at Brands Hatch in 1997 as a wild card. The race was in
two parts because it started to rain and I won the second part of the race which
put me third overall. I think this one stands out because it was so unexpected.

Q.What would you put your huge success at the North West 200 down to?

A.I think I have been successful at the North West because I enjoy it so much.
When I broke the 200mph barrier in 2005, I could feel the cheer go up in the
crowd. It was immense, when you have that much support you really want to try
harder to give them something back.

Q.In your opinion what has been your greatest achievement to date?

A.Winning at the Isle of Man TT was an amazing achievement and one that I will
always be proud of. The circuit is extremely challenging - you know you have to
be at the very top of your game to win there.

Q.What else would you like to achieve before you retire?

A.I would still love to win the British Championship and I believe I can do it.
I spent a lot of time this year learning things again on the North West 200
Ducati, such as the electronics package and it was good to get a win at Mallory,
but there is still a lot more I can do. I want to win at Macau this month so I
can finally seize the title of most successful Macau GP rider from Ron Haslam.
I'm definitely not ready to retire yet!

Q.The last year has once again highlighted how dangerous motorcycle racing is
with the deaths of two of our local greats, Robert Dunlop and Martin
Finnegan...does that ever make you consider quitting?

A.No, I don't think like that. We all know the dangers of the sport we are in,
but it won't stop us from riding. It's in the blood, it's what we do and who we
are.

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SL


                  Copyright 2008 Belfast Telegraph Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              732 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               Leicester Mercury

                            August 14, 2008 Thursday

Young county trio speed to wins in top Euro test

BYLINE:  CYCLING

SECTION: Pg. 48

LENGTH: 509 words


There was celebration across the board for a trio of young Leicestershire Road
Club riders in Holland.

Competing in the Tour of Assen, reputedly the largest youth stage race in
Europe, Dan McLay, Lucy Garner and Grace Garner all sped to class victories.

McLay won the youth class,  Lucy was the top girl in category six and her sister
matched that feat in category three.

With 650 riders taking part, it was a tremendous feat for three of the County's
rising stars. It was tough work, too, with Lucy requiring a hospital check after
being involved in a crash just beyond day two's finish line.

All three started well in the 200 metres prologue. McLay finished third on the
tricky paved course, while Grace was the fastest overall in her category with
Lucy the pick of the girls in her section.  Grace showed her quality when she
won the next stage, a circuit race, to stay in yellow. Her sister was fourth in
a bunch sprint and McLay ninth.

McLay was the aggressor on the second-day road stage but hit late puncture
problems and finished 35 seconds behind the pace-setters.

Lucy hit the deck after finishing 15th, Grace finishing in the same position to
slip out of the yellow jersey - and also out of the pink jersey held by the
leading female in each category.

The following day, in another circuit race, the Road Club sisters both finished
in the bunch.  McLay was quickly out of the blocks, engineering a break ahead of
his main rivals.

He held on in a sprint for the line to take the stage, lifting him to second
overall.

On day four, McLay rode conservatively for the first 60km then, with his rivals
heavy-legged, he attacked. A second-placed finish meant  McLay finished the day
in yellow.

Grace  outsprinted her rivals while Lucy was third on her stage as she increased
her lead over the other female contenders.

On the penultimate day's   time-trial, McLay defended a 45-second advantage. He
added another 50 seconds to that with a second-placed finish.

Lucy was the top girl in her category, and fifth place overall allowed  Grace
to regain the pink jersey.

McLay covering attack after attack during the final day's circuit race.

When one did break clear.  none of McLay's chief rivals were involved. He
tagged on to a chasing group, finishing 15 seconds adrift of the winner but with
the yellow jersey safe. He added the white jersey for special sprints.

Lucy, racing on a separate circuit, sprinted in for second. Grace cruised in
among the main field in her final stage to secure the pink jersey.

Lucy Garner carried her road form on to the track winning  the National Omnium
series at Manchester. She won the kilo, scratch race and points race and
finished second in the keirin.

De Rosa's Matt Bottrill defied wet and windy conditions at Six Hills course to
win the Ratae RC open 10-mile time-trial.

Bottrill clocked 21min 48sec, two minutes ahead of Coalville Wheelers Mark
Couldwell.

The promoting club fielded 11 riders, including 84-year-old Bill Duffin, who
clocked a highly-respectable 31-32. Roger Northern was quickest of the Ratae
riders in 28.09.

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 44


                        Copyright 2008 Leicester Mercury
                              All Rights Reserved


                              733 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               Leicester Mercury

                            August 14, 2008 Thursday

Young county trio speed to wins in top Euro test

BYLINE: CYCLING

SECTION: Pg. 48

LENGTH: 509 words


There was celebration across the board for a trio of young Leicestershire Road
Club riders in Holland.

Competing in the Tour of Assen, reputedly the largest youth stage race in
Europe, Dan McLay, Lucy Garner and Grace Garner all sped to class victories.

McLay won the youth class,  Lucy was the top girl in category six and her sister
matched that feat in category three.

With 650 riders taking part, it was a tremendous feat for three of the County's
rising stars. It was tough work, too, with Lucy requiring a hospital check after
being involved in a crash just beyond day two's finish line.

All three started well in the 200 metres prologue. McLay finished third on the
tricky paved course, while Grace was the fastest overall in her category with
Lucy the pick of the girls in her section.  Grace showed her quality when she
won the next stage, a circuit race, to stay in yellow. Her sister was fourth in
a bunch sprint and McLay ninth.

McLay was the aggressor on the second-day road stage but hit late puncture
problems and finished 35 seconds behind the pace-setters.

Lucy hit the deck after finishing 15th, Grace finishing in the same position to
slip out of the yellow jersey - and also out of the pink jersey held by the
leading female in each category.

The following day, in another circuit race, the Road Club sisters both finished
in the bunch.  McLay was quickly out of the blocks, engineering a break ahead of
his main rivals.

He held on in a sprint for the line to take the stage, lifting him to second
overall.

On day four, McLay rode conservatively for the first 60km then, with his rivals
heavy-legged, he attacked. A second-placed finish meant  McLay finished the day
in yellow.

Grace  outsprinted her rivals while Lucy was third on her stage as she increased
her lead over the other female contenders.

On the penultimate day's   time-trial, McLay defended a 45-second advantage. He
added another 50 seconds to that with a second-placed finish.

Lucy was the top girl in her category, and fifth place overall allowed  Grace
to regain the pink jersey.

McLay covering attack after attack during the final day's circuit race.

When one did break clear.  none of McLay's chief rivals were involved. He
tagged on to a chasing group, finishing 15 seconds adrift of the winner but with
the yellow jersey safe. He added the white jersey for special sprints.

Lucy, racing on a separate circuit, sprinted in for second. Grace cruised in
among the main field in her final stage to secure the pink jersey.

Lucy Garner carried her road form on to the track winning  the National Omnium
series at Manchester. She won the kilo, scratch race and points race and
finished second in the keirin.

De Rosa's Matt Bottrill defied wet and windy conditions at Six Hills course to
win the Ratae RC open 10-mile time-trial.

Bottrill clocked 21min 48sec, two minutes ahead of Coalville Wheelers Mark
Couldwell.

The promoting club fielded 11 riders, including 84-year-old Bill Duffin, who
clocked a highly-respectable 31-32. Roger Northern was quickest of the Ratae
riders in 28.09.

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 44


                        Copyright 2008 Leicester Mercury
                              All Rights Reserved


                              734 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               Leicester Mercury

                            August 14, 2008 Thursday

Young county trio speed to wins in top Euro test

BYLINE: CYCLING

SECTION: Pg. 48

LENGTH: 509 words


There was celebration across the board for a trio of young Leicestershire Road
Club riders in Holland.

Competing in the Tour of Assen, reputedly the largest youth stage race in
Europe, Dan McLay, Lucy Garner and Grace Garner all sped to class victories.

McLay won the youth class,  Lucy was the top girl in category six and her sister
matched that feat in category three.

With 650 riders taking part, it was a tremendous feat for three of the County's
rising stars. It was tough work, too, with Lucy requiring a hospital check after
being involved in a crash just beyond day two's finish line.

All three started well in the 200 metres prologue. McLay finished third on the
tricky paved course, while Grace was the fastest overall in her category with
Lucy the pick of the girls in her section.  Grace showed her quality when she
won the next stage, a circuit race, to stay in yellow. Her sister was fourth in
a bunch sprint and McLay ninth.

McLay was the aggressor on the second-day road stage but hit late puncture
problems and finished 35 seconds behind the pace-setters.

Lucy hit the deck after finishing 15th, Grace finishing in the same position to
slip out of the yellow jersey - and also out of the pink jersey held by the
leading female in each category.

The following day, in another circuit race, the Road Club sisters both finished
in the bunch.  McLay was quickly out of the blocks, engineering a break ahead of
his main rivals.

He held on in a sprint for the line to take the stage, lifting him to second
overall.

On day four, McLay rode conservatively for the first 60km then, with his rivals
heavy-legged, he attacked. A second-placed finish meant  McLay finished the day
in yellow.

Grace  outsprinted her rivals while Lucy was third on her stage as she increased
her lead over the other female contenders.

On the penultimate day's   time-trial, McLay defended a 45-second advantage. He
added another 50 seconds to that with a second-placed finish.

Lucy was the top girl in her category, and fifth place overall allowed  Grace
to regain the pink jersey.

McLay covering attack after attack during the final day's circuit race.

When one did break clear.  none of McLay's chief rivals were involved. He
tagged on to a chasing group, finishing 15 seconds adrift of the winner but with
the yellow jersey safe. He added the white jersey for special sprints.

Lucy, racing on a separate circuit, sprinted in for second. Grace cruised in
among the main field in her final stage to secure the pink jersey.

Lucy Garner carried her road form on to the track winning  the National Omnium
series at Manchester. She won the kilo, scratch race and points race and
finished second in the keirin.

De Rosa's Matt Bottrill defied wet and windy conditions at Six Hills course to
win the Ratae RC open 10-mile time-trial.

Bottrill clocked 21min 48sec, two minutes ahead of Coalville Wheelers Mark
Couldwell.

The promoting club fielded 11 riders, including 84-year-old Bill Duffin, who
clocked a highly-respectable 31-32. Roger Northern was quickest of the Ratae
riders in 28.09.

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 44


                        Copyright 2008 Leicester Mercury
                              All Rights Reserved


                              735 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        SUNDAY TELEGRAM (Massachusetts)

                              July 13, 2008 Sunday
                                  ALL EDITIONS

Mt. Snow will be difficult test

BYLINE: Mark CONTI

SECTION: SPORTS; CYCLING; Pg. C10

LENGTH: 1033 words


Mountain bikers racing for the stars-and-stripes jersey next weekend will have
to prove they can ride the rocks and roots of Mount Snow.

The USA Cycling National Championships will be held in West Dover, Vt., only two
hours from Worcester.

"I would say Mount Snow is known for one of the most grueling cross country
courses in the country, if not the world," said Greg Fisher, marketing and event
operations director at Mount Snow.

"We've heard riders say it's a little too hard, but we like the idea that it's
challenging riders for the national championships."

The rigorous climbs and treacherous downhill sections of the cross country
course will challenge the best American riders, including those representing the
country at the Olympics in Beijing. The Olympic team includes Team Giant's Adam
Craig, a resident of Bend, Ore., who grew up in Maine and showed his technical
riding prowess by winning the national championship at Mount Snow last year;
Todd Wells of GT Bikes; and Luna MTB Team's Georgia Gould, who finished ninth at
the world championships last month. The second women's team member has not been
named yet. Mary McConneloug of Chilmark won the women's race last year and will
be returning this season.

The women's pro cross country race will be held Saturday morning and pro men
compete Saturday afternoon.

The most popular event of the weekend may be the dual slalom national
championship, which takes place Saturday evening.

The dual slalom races offer spectacular viewing. The berm-riding, bike-handling
display pits two riders at a time. The pro riders will scream through the
2,200-foot course with its twists and turns in less than a minute. The event is
held in the mixing bowl near the base of the mountain.

Christopher Herndon won the men's dual slalom national championship last year,
and Melissa Buhl won the women's event.

The pro downhill racers will compete on a completely new course this year. The
1.5-mile downhill course spans the entire 1,700-foot vertical drop of the
mountain. From the summit, the course takes the "Committed" trail with rocky
terrain and 5- to 10-foot drops, then runs into the "Canyon" trail section
before heading into a wooded section, then a long straightaway on hard rock, to
"One More Time" trail and "Snow Dance" trail before hitting an area known as
"Big Boulder," which has a 10-foot drop-off. From there, the downhill course
hits singletrack, pops out of the woods, jumps over a streambed, goes back into
the woods, and then flattens out at the bottom.

Last year, Cole Bengert won the men's championship and Kathy Pruitt was the
women's champion.

The pro men and women downhill finals will be held Sunday afternoon.

The pro Super D finals will be held at 9 a.m. Sunday. Craig won the men's event
last year, and Rachel Lloyd was the women's champ.

The women's short track championship will be held at 11:30 a.m. Sunday and the
men compete at 1:15 p.m. Sunday. The defending champions are Ryan Trebon and
McConneloug.

Area riders tackle Longsjo

Many area riders competed in the 49th annual Fitchburg Longsjo Classic last
weekend.

Scott Dolmat-Connell of Princeton, riding for MetLife, finished 10th overall in
the men's Category 2 field. Dolmat-Connell's results included a 12th place in
the Wachusett Mountain Road Race and a 15th in the time trial. Dolmat-Connell
finished 11th overall in Cat. 3 last year.

Mark Gunsalus of Dudley finished 11th overall in the men's masters division.
Gunsalus, riding for Team Fuji, took seventh in the road race and 10th in the
circuit race.

Frank McCormack of Leicester, also riding for Team Fuji, finished 12th in the
general classification of the masters division, with an eighth place in the
criterium and ninth in the road race.

John Foley of Sturbridge, riding for MTB Mind, finished 22nd overall in the
masters division, with a 19th in the road race and 21st in the circuit race.

Brant Hornberger, also competing in the masters division, finished in 27th
place. He had a 13th-place finish in the circuit race and 21st in the crit.

Natalie Dumont of Fitchburg, racing for NEBC, finished 47th overall in the
women's pro Cat. 1/2 division. Bonnie Bourque of San Diego, formerly of
Fitchburg, finished 52nd overall in the women's Cat. 1/2 field.

Toby Walch of Marlboro, Kenda/Raleigh, finished 85th in the men's Cat. 1 field,
with a 28th place in the time trial and 38th in the road race. Walch won the
men's Cat. 2 overall last year.

Also in men's Cat. 2, Jerome Townsend of Princeton, FT/IF pb Lionette's,
finished 75th in the general classification with a fourth place in the crit and
36th in the circuit race. Luciano Pavan of Fitchburg, Optimum Performance, was
85th overall, with a 10th place in the circuit race and 13th in the crit. Chris
Coutu of Hopedale, MetLife, was 90th overall with a 39th in the crit. Patrick
Goguen of Hopedale, CL Noonan, finished 93rd overall with a 22nd in the crit.

Miro Koulnis of Worcester, riding for Bikereg.com, finished 45th overall in
men's Cat. 3, including a 23rd in the circuit race and 40th in the crit. Dan
Ouellette of Westminster, riding for Gamache Cyclery, finished 58th overall in
men's Cat. 3, and teammate Brad Warren of Fitchburg was 64th.

In the men's Cat. 4 division, which had a large field of racers, Team Bike
Alley's Christian Rynkiewicz of Worcester finished 30th overall and teammate
Yonder Gillihan of Worcester finished 39th. Andrew Salmon of Millbury, of
Cyclonauts, took 35th in the general classification. Bryon Lewis of Monson was
38th overall. Gary Sacon of Northbridge, of Cyclonauts, was 45th overall. Jeff
Landfried of Fitchburg, of Gamache Cyclery, took 47th. PJ McQuade of Millbury
and the Minuteman Road Club was 52nd overall. Jeremy Durrin of Fitchburg, riding
for Gamache Cyclery, finished 55th overall. Kevin Young of Northbridge,
International Bicycle, was 58th overall. Nicholas Normandin of Ashby finished
59th. Jorge Ramirez of Worcester, Cyclonauts, finished in 95th place.

Frances Morrison of Fitchburg, riding for Boston Road Club, finished 26th
overall in women's Cat. 3/4. On the last days of the four-stage race, she took
11th in the circuit race and sixth in the crit.

Mark Conti can be reached by e-mail at mconti@telegram.com

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2008 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              736 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                           The Sunday Times (London)

                                 July 13, 2008

Stoner leads way in Germany

SECTION: SPORT; Sport; Pg.20

LENGTH: 192 words


WORLD champion Casey Stoner eased to pole position at the Sachsenring circuit
for the German MotoGP.

The Australian Ducati rider, chasing his third successive race win, clocked a
lap record 1min 21.067secs - more than a third of a second faster than
championship leader Dani Pedrosa.

Stoner has proved dominant at the east German circuit, topping the timesheets in
all but one session. He was able to sit in the garage as the qualifying session
ended, knowing his rivals could not come close to matching his pace.

Repsol Honda rider Pedrosa claimed second place with his final lap, while fellow
championship contender Valentino Rossi starts from the third row in seventh
place.Tech 3 Yamaha's Colin Edwards was third but team-mate, Britain's James
Toseland, qualified 11th on his first visit to Germany.

Impressive rookies Andrea Dovizioso and Jorge Lorenzo start fourth and fifth
respectively with Frenchman Randy De Puniet completing the second row.

Stoner said: 'Qualifying never used to be a strong point of ours, but now we
seem to be turning it into one. We're trying to chase down this championship and
we'll see if it's possible.'

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: st


                    Copyright 2008 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              737 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               Leicester Mercury

                              July 7, 2008 Monday

Byrne aiming to build on mighty Mallory showing

BYLINE:  MOTOR   CYCLING

SECTION: Pg. 41

LENGTH: 645 words


Shane Byrne is halfway to paradise and looking forward to completing the
journey.

Round six at Mallory Park marked the halfway stage in the Bennetts British
Superbikes championship and the Airwaves Ducati ace has an impressive lead.

Byrne took a first and second at the Leicestershire circuit and has not been out
of the top two all season.

It puts him on 280 points, 97 ahead of HM Honda Plant's Cal Crutchlow and 120
better than Airwaves team-mate Leon Camier.

The 31-year-old Londoner was pleased with his performance at Mallory and sees no
reason why he cannot maintain the tempo until the final round, at Brands Hatch
in October.

He said: "I know I have said I don't like this circuit much but I am pleased
with the results I have achieved. If somebody had told me beforehand that I was
going to come away from Mallory with a win and a second place I would have
bitten their hand off.

"All the circuits I don't really like are out of the way now and I have a good
lead in the championship at the halfway point in the season so I am confident
going to Oulton Park in a couple of weeks and, hopefully, it will go as well as
it has so far."

HM Honda Plant's Liam Haslam is fourth but perhaps the biggest surprise is the
form on Michael Rutter on the North West 200 Ducati.

After two disappointing seasons, the 35-year-old veteran of nearly 280 Superbike
races has a new lease of life.

Rutter, who until recently lived in Kirby Mallory, started the season with two
podiums at Thruxton but his crowning glory came at Mallory when he won his first
race in three years, much to the delight of his many friends and fans who were
present.

Billy McConnell looks like a young man with a big future. The Hinckley-based
Aussie produced his best  Superbike finish at Mallory when he took sixth in race
one.

It could have been bettered in the second race because the 21-year-old raced up
to second in the early stages on the MSS Discovery Kawasaki. But he paid the
price for operating on wet and intermediate tyres and, as the circuit dried out,
found himself down in 16th.

"I don't mind a drop of rain and I was hoping the heavens would open again," he
said. "Instead, the wind dried the track and the sun started shining again."

McConnell has consistently been in the points all season and is  12th in the
standings in this, only his second campaign in British Superbikes.

Also in his second term is Aaron Zanotti. But the 27-year-old Loughborough rider
has not had the best of times on the Red Viper Honda.

So far, only two points have been gained from a 14th-place finish at Brands
Hatch. But Zanotti is determined to turn the corner and, with a little more
power, should be looking for points-scoring finishes.

At Mallory, he proved he could challenge when moving up to fifth from the sixth
row of the grid in race two.

But, like McConnell, his gamble on tyres ultimately failed.

Dean Ellison is both a popular and seasoned campaigner at this level, having
made his Superbikes bow in 2000.

This term, the 30-year-old from Glenfield is piloting the Co-ordit Racing
Yamaha. And, after some bad luck with pre-season preparations, plus a bad crash
at Oulton Park in May, he is determined to battle away for points finishes.

He said: "I genuinely believe I can be in the top 12 and am working very hard
with my team to achieve it."

Ellison was encouraged by his performance at Mallory, despite starting 21st on
the grid, and said: "After a rider crashed out going into the first turn in race
one, it created a huge gap up to the leading pack and left me with a lot of work
to do.

"But I got my head down and pushed all the way and set a faster lap time than I
did in qualifying.

"I reeled in two riders towards the end to finish 14th."

The riders will be next out at Oulton Park on July 20, followed by trips to
Knockhill, Croft, Cadwell Park and Silverstone before the finale at Brands Hatch
in October.

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2008 Leicester Mercury
                              All Rights Reserved


                              738 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               Leicester Mercury

                              July 7, 2008 Monday

Byrne aiming to build on mighty Mallory showing

BYLINE: MOTOR CYCLING

SECTION: Pg. 41

LENGTH: 645 words


Shane Byrne is halfway to paradise and looking forward to completing the
journey.

Round six at Mallory Park marked the halfway stage in the Bennetts British
Superbikes championship and the Airwaves Ducati ace has an impressive lead.

Byrne took a first and second at the Leicestershire circuit and has not been out
of the top two all season.

It puts him on 280 points, 97 ahead of HM Honda Plant's Cal Crutchlow and 120
better than Airwaves team-mate Leon Camier.

The 31-year-old Londoner was pleased with his performance at Mallory and sees no
reason why he cannot maintain the tempo until the final round, at Brands Hatch
in October.

He said: "I know I have said I don't like this circuit much but I am pleased
with the results I have achieved. If somebody had told me beforehand that I was
going to come away from Mallory with a win and a second place I would have
bitten their hand off.

"All the circuits I don't really like are out of the way now and I have a good
lead in the championship at the halfway point in the season so I am confident
going to Oulton Park in a couple of weeks and, hopefully, it will go as well as
it has so far."

HM Honda Plant's Liam Haslam is fourth but perhaps the biggest surprise is the
form on Michael Rutter on the North West 200 Ducati.

After two disappointing seasons, the 35-year-old veteran of nearly 280 Superbike
races has a new lease of life.

Rutter, who until recently lived in Kirby Mallory, started the season with two
podiums at Thruxton but his crowning glory came at Mallory when he won his first
race in three years, much to the delight of his many friends and fans who were
present.

Billy McConnell looks like a young man with a big future. The Hinckley-based
Aussie produced his best  Superbike finish at Mallory when he took sixth in race
one.

It could have been bettered in the second race because the 21-year-old raced up
to second in the early stages on the MSS Discovery Kawasaki. But he paid the
price for operating on wet and intermediate tyres and, as the circuit dried out,
found himself down in 16th.

"I don't mind a drop of rain and I was hoping the heavens would open again," he
said. "Instead, the wind dried the track and the sun started shining again."

McConnell has consistently been in the points all season and is  12th in the
standings in this, only his second campaign in British Superbikes.

Also in his second term is Aaron Zanotti. But the 27-year-old Loughborough rider
has not had the best of times on the Red Viper Honda.

So far, only two points have been gained from a 14th-place finish at Brands
Hatch. But Zanotti is determined to turn the corner and, with a little more
power, should be looking for points-scoring finishes.

At Mallory, he proved he could challenge when moving up to fifth from the sixth
row of the grid in race two.

But, like McConnell, his gamble on tyres ultimately failed.

Dean Ellison is both a popular and seasoned campaigner at this level, having
made his Superbikes bow in 2000.

This term, the 30-year-old from Glenfield is piloting the Co-ordit Racing
Yamaha. And, after some bad luck with pre-season preparations, plus a bad crash
at Oulton Park in May, he is determined to battle away for points finishes.

He said: "I genuinely believe I can be in the top 12 and am working very hard
with my team to achieve it."

Ellison was encouraged by his performance at Mallory, despite starting 21st on
the grid, and said: "After a rider crashed out going into the first turn in race
one, it created a huge gap up to the leading pack and left me with a lot of work
to do.

"But I got my head down and pushed all the way and set a faster lap time than I
did in qualifying.

"I reeled in two riders towards the end to finish 14th."

The riders will be next out at Oulton Park on July 20, followed by trips to
Knockhill, Croft, Cadwell Park and Silverstone before the finale at Brands Hatch
in October.

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 44


                        Copyright 2008 Leicester Mercury
                              All Rights Reserved


                              739 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                 Bath Chronicle

                             July 3, 2008 Thursday

Just reward for sensible Fagan

SECTION: Pg. 86

LENGTH: 271 words


Motorcycling The British Supersport Championship race supporting the British
Superbike Championship was held last weekend at the Leicestershire circuit of
Mallory Park.

In the absence of local regulars Victor Cox and Charlie Bishop, it was left to
Alistair Fagan to uphold the honours for the Bath area.

Mallory Park is a picturesque circuit suited to bikes where they race around a
central lake.

The weather however was totally unpredictable ranging from strong sunshine to
heavy rain.

Practice for the Supersport race was wet but for qualifying it was dry.

Fagan suffered a rather torrid qualifying period, finishing 24th overall and the
fourth cup rider on his THS Racing Triumph.

Race day arrived and as the riders set off on their warm-up it was dry, but the
rain that had been threatening started to fall before they reached the starting
grid.

A 10-minute delay was authorised while the riders changed to a more suitable
set-up.

Fagan had a spare bike set-up for wet conditions.

The settings are much softer in order to  behave in a more forgiving fashion in
the wet conditions.

From the start of the race and for about three laps, he was very   cautious,
ensuring that he retained grip on the wet circuit.

Eventually, Fagan found a compromising rhythm and moved from 25th to finish 16th
on a track that was starting to dry, causing serious   degradation to the tyres.

It was the correct decision to be careful and bring the bike home in one piece
and he was rewarded with 16 points towards his championship challenge and a
podium position for third cup finisher.

Fagan is fourth in the Supersport Cup - eight  points off  third place.

LOAD-DATE: July 4, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Bristol United Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              740 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                             Bromsgrove Advertiser

                            June 25, 2008 Wednesday

Mead meets big boys

SECTION: CRICKET

LENGTH: 181 words


YOUNG speedster Scott Mead shared the track with some of motorsports big guns
when he took part in Aprilia Superteen race at Donington Park - a support race
to the prestigious Moto GP series.

Having only returned from holiday on Friday night, the Bromsgrove race ace
missed out on qualifying and had to start at the back of a grid of 41 riders in
Saturday's race.

With his race not until early evening, Mead ( pictured, right ) was able to
watch Moto GP stars such as former Superteen rider Casey Stoner in qualifiying
action.

Mead's first race eventually arrived and a brilliant start saw him storm to 20th
place by the second lap.

He continued his rapid progress around the circuit and eventually finished 12th.

On Sunday, again his race was last in the day.

Starting from the back of the pack once more, he made another solid start.

However, he suffered a few problems with his bike but managed to hold on to take
26th.

Mead is back in action at Norfolk circuit Snetterton this weekend.

He is also currently on the lookout for sponsors, and anyone interested can
email daz161272@yahoo.co.uk .

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              741 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                             Bromsgrove Advertiser

                            June 25, 2008 Wednesday

Mead meets big boys

SECTION: ROUND-UP

LENGTH: 181 words


YOUNG speedster Scott Mead shared the track with some of motorsports big guns
when he took part in Aprilia Superteen race at Donington Park - a support race
to the prestigious Moto GP series.

Having only returned from holiday on Friday night, the Bromsgrove race ace
missed out on qualifying and had to start at the back of a grid of 41 riders in
Saturday's race.

With his race not until early evening, Mead ( pictured, right ) was able to
watch Moto GP stars such as former Superteen rider Casey Stoner in qualifiying
action.

Mead's first race eventually arrived and a brilliant start saw him storm to 20th
place by the second lap.

He continued his rapid progress around the circuit and eventually finished 12th.

On Sunday, again his race was last in the day.

Starting from the back of the pack once more, he made another solid start.

However, he suffered a few problems with his bike but managed to hold on to take
26th.

Mead is back in action at Norfolk circuit Snetterton this weekend.

He is also currently on the lookout for sponsors, and anyone interested can
email daz161272@yahoo.co.uk .

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              742 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            Derby Evening Telegraph

                             May 29, 2008 Thursday

Flying dutchman making a name for himself in british bike racing

BYLINE:  CYCLING   BY COLSTON CRAWFORD

SECTION: Pg. 40

LENGTH: 440 words


It Is quite common in cycling for promising young British riders to head for the
European mainland to try their luck - but a good deal less common for a
continental rider to make the  journey in the opposite direction.

That, however, is what Dutchman Jeroen Janssen has done and the 24-year-old is
currently raising eyebrows with a series of strong performances for Derby's
Pearl Izumi/Planet X/High5 Racing Team.

Janssen - JJ to everyone he knows over here - is studying at Loughborough
University and came to the attention of the Pearl Izumi team when he finished
second ahead of their team leader, Jon Mozley, in a race at the Darley Moor
circuit.

"I think they were quite impressed and one of the guys in the team was already
at Loughborough as well, so it went from there," said Janssen.

"It's great for me to have joined the team because now I have the opportunity to
do the bigger races over here and get some help with my bike."

Janssen says he is enjoying the variety of racing in Britain, where Pearl Izumi
will feature strongly in the National Elite Circuit Series as well as taking on
most of the longer Premier Calendar races.

He came an impressive 19th in the Lincoln Grand Prix recently and hopes to land
a top 10 finish in a Premier Calendar event before the season is out.

In the circuit series, he is hoping for better.

"I have the problem of not knowing the courses in the longer races but I think I
can finish on the podium in some of the criteriums," he said.

Back home last year, Janssen won two elite races, including the South-East
Netherlands district championship, and was voted sportsman of the year in his
home town, Nijmegen.

Last week, however, there was an even bigger highlight, as he was picked to ride
for Holland in the World University Championship road race - in the very year
that it was held in his home town.

"It was awesome," he said.

"There were lots of people lining the streets, shouting my name and they'd even
painted my name on the road.

"Holland won the team title two years ago, so we were big favourites and we were
able to win it again.

"We had riders placed first, third and eighth.

"I came in 35th, which was good out of about 120, but my main role was to make
things as hard as possible for our rivals early in the race, which I worked
really hard to do."

It did Janssen's future prospects no harm, either, that the selector for the
university squad  also has  the same role with the  Dutch national professional
team.

For now, however, his focus  is with Pearl Izumi and he is hoping that, if he
can go on to do his masters degree in this country, he may be able to ride a
second season for them as well.

LOAD-DATE: May 30, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 42


                     Copyright 2008 Derby Evening Telegraph
                              All Rights Reserved


                              743 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                   York Press

                             May 21, 2008 Wednesday

Swift success for Mark in Sheriff Hutton time trial

SECTION: CYCLING

LENGTH: 157 words


TOP honours went to Team Swift's Mark Wolstenholme in Clifton Cycling Club's
open category time trial at Sheriff Hutton.

The winner completed the rolling 13-mile circuit, which passed through Whenby,
Brandsby and Stillington before the finish near Farlington, in 30.04 minutes.

He was five seconds ahead of team-mate Joel Wainman, with Bridlington CC's
Andrew Askwith third in 30.29 and Clifton's 25-mile Champion Nigel Goscinski
fourth.

The winner of the women's race was Clifton's Stacey Eccles in 39.18, while the
veterans 50+ prize went to Stamford Bridge rider George Young (Team Swift) and
the veteran 60+ was won by Pete Skelton (Clifton).

Clifton member Kit Gilham finished fifth in the Lincoln GP on a closed circuit
around the city.

Gilham, now riding for sponsored racing team Kinesis, was only a few seconds
behind winner Russel Downing (Pinarello RT) and ahead of Great Britain's Rob
Hayles and former professional rider Malcolm Elliot.

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              744 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                              Lancashire Telegraph

                              May 8, 2008 Thursday

Wilkinson's big Sound

BYLINE: Neil Johnson

SECTION: MOTORSPORT

LENGTH: 124 words


THE steep learning curve that is club bike racing just got slightly easier for
novice rider Adrian Wilkinson.

The Colne-based racer had his first experience of Oulton Park when he took part
in the Sound Of Thunder meeting.

After just a three-lap practice session to scrub in new tyres and learn the
circuit, Wilkinson was happy to follow the others round and finish the opening
race fourth in the novice class.

Race two saw the Suzuki TLR 1000 rider again finish fourth in the novices and
bag another valuable 13 points in the championship chase.

With race three not counting towards the series, Wilkinson was out to enjoy
himself, which culminated in a wheel-to-wheel dice across the finish line.

Next outing is at the Anglesey circuit this weekend.

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              745 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                UK Newsquest Regional Press - This is Lancashire

                              May 8, 2008 Thursday

Wilkinson s big Sound

BYLINE: Neil Johnson

SECTION: SPORT

LENGTH: 125 words

DATELINE: Lancashire Telegraph


THE steep learning curve that is club bike racing just got slightly easier for
novice rider Adrian Wilkinson.

The Colne-based racer had his first experience of Oulton Park when he took part
in the Sound Of Thunder meeting.

After just a three-lap practice session to scrub in new tyres and learn the
circuit, Wilkinson was happy to follow the others round and finish the opening
race fourth in the novice class.

Race two saw the Suzuki TLR 1000 rider again finish fourth in the novices and
bag another valuable 13 points in the championship chase.

With race three not counting towards the series, Wilkinson was out to enjoy
himself, which culminated in a wheel-to-wheel dice across the finish line.

Next outing is at the Anglesey circuit this weekend.

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: WEB PUBLICATION


                  Copyright 2008 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              746 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Mail (London)

                            January 1, 2008 Tuesday

Irish riders see old year out too soon

BYLINE: MARCUS TOWNEND

SECTION: 1ST; Pg. 70

LENGTH: 320 words


FOURTEEN Irish jockeys made New Year's Eve seem like April Fools' Day yesterday
as they took a unscheduled 'pit stop' at Tramore.

Amidst farcical scenes, all 14 runners in the two-mile five-furlong Newtown
Handicap Chase rode a finish a circuit too early.

Topweight Boher Storm, vigorously driven out by Davy Condon, had been called the
winner and most of the field were heading back to the paddock before the hapless
riders realised their blunder.

Six of the field eventually turned round to set out on their forgotten lap when
9-4 favourite Mr Aussie, ridden by Andrew McNamara, came home in front. After a
lengthy stewards' inquiry that result was allowed to stand but nine of the
riders, although not McNamara, were handed five-day bans. The sheepish grins of
the jockeys contrasted with last night's acerbic comments from irate punters on
on-line betting forums.

Most questioned why a group of riders, which included senior jockeys, McNamara,
Shay Barry, Barry Cash, Davy Russell, Ireland's top jockey this season, and
Tommy Treacy could have made such a blunder.

Confusion started when Barry kicked for home on Sandyzar..

Approaching what he thought was the second last, he appeared to question his
move, stood up in his stirrups and looked behind him.

But seeing his rivals all driving away in pursuit, he resumed riding.

Russell, who ended up second on Doc Charlie, said: 'I felt there was another
circuit to go but when another jockey went by me I felt I had to make an effort.

'When we passed the finish I never felt the race was over and I never left the
racecourse. After I spoke with two fence stewards and the ambulance crew I set
out on the final circuit.

'I wasn't smiling afterwards and couldn't see the funny side. I'm a professional
jockey. I feel aggrieved I've been banned for five days and Andrew McNamara got
nothing.' At least the Tramore 14 won't have to think too hard to come up with a
New Year's resolution.

LOAD-DATE: January 1, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Counting the cost: errant riders Barry, Treacy and Cash

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Papers


                   Copyright 2008 Associated Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              747 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          Pretoria News (South Africa)

                           November 15, 2007 Thursday
                                   e1 Edition

Night time MotoGP gets the green light

BYLINE: Motoring Staff

SECTION: MOTORING; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 271 words


Barely two months after the announcement that next season's MotoGP curtain
raiser in Qatar would be run under floodlights subject to approval from the
Riders' Safety Commission, a successful test at the Losail International Circuit
earlier this week gave the project its final go-ahead.

The 2008 Grand Prix of Qatar on March 9 will become the first motorsports World
Championship Grand Prix to take place at night, a historic moment for MotoGP and
Qatar.

Five MotoGP riders were present at the night test, which took place at 7.30pm at
the circuit on the outskirts of Qatar's capital city Doha. Loris Capirossi
(Suzuki), Marco Melandri (Ducati), James Toseland (Yamaha), Anthony West
(Kawasaki) and Alex de Angelis (Honda) all did several laps of the circuit and
were unanimously in favour of next season's race taking place in the dark.

"It's going to be so exciting to race under floodlights," said MotoGP veteran
Loris Capirossi. "The difference from when we first tested here at night is
amazing. Back then I wasn't too sure what was possible, but the lighting is
perfect out there! There's hardly any difference between day and night riding in
these conditions, and of course it's going to be more exciting to race at night.
There's no problems with shadows or reflections, I'm very happy with this."

The riders used road versions of their MotoGP prototypes, which are currently
travelling to Malaysia for a pre-season test session later this week, and
Capirossi added that this wasn't a problem, "We reached nearly 300km/h here on
these bikes, so I don't think there will be too much difference to come here on
a MotoGP machine."

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PN


                 Copyright 2007 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              748 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                      Coventry Evening Telegraph (England)

                           October 20, 2007 Saturday
                                Nuneaton Edition

Speedway: Just bank on Billy to meet the challenge

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 39

LENGTH: 411 words


COVENTRY'S performance at Swindon on Thursday may not have been in the Knockout
Cup - but it was still a huge psychological boost.

The Buildbase Bees outscored the Robins by ten points in the Craven Shield tie,
and will return with confidence to Blunsdon next Thursday for the first leg of
the KO final the last showdown of the season.

Throughout their successes in the past three years, Bees had reserved their
poorest performances for the Wiltshire circuit, with several of their riders
unable to find any consistency on the biggest track in the Elite League.

But they raised themselves dramatically in the first leg of the Grand Final in
September to go down by just six points and their Craven Shield display was
arguably better still.

Chris Harris was in unstoppable form whether from the gate or from the back, but
the team as a whole produced another fully-committed showing as they proved they
have got to grips with a circuit where the racing line is generally at or near
the fence from the early stages.

Billy Janniro, much happier on the tighter, more technical circuits, has been
one rider to dislike Blunsdon - but even he produced a stunning ride on Thursday
to roar past Tomasz Chrzanowski in his first ride, and that followed his
remarkable overtake of Leigh Adams at Poole the previous evening.

Bees co-boss Peter Oakes said: "It's a good morale booster for us to come back
here next week.

"It's never been our happiest track in the last few years, but we've got better
and better, and I think one or two riders will now be going home a lot happier
than they were before the Grand Final, which can only help us.

"It was a special ride from Billy, and maybe we should send him home to America
every week because it looked like a few days back there worked wonders for him!

"Jason Crump asked me how Billy does it every year - he suddenly comes so much
better at the end of the season when we really need him.

"He can pull it out in the crunch meetings whereas some people go into their
shell and disappear - Billy is the exact opposite, and he produces the goods at
the right time."

Swindon, having been beaten at home for the first time this season, have been
left looking for an upturn in form in the Knockout Cup Final, with their Grand
Final defeat still fresh in the memory.

Danish star Charlie Gjedde said: "I can't say at the moment what was going
wrong, but we're really struggling at the moment, and I just hope that we can
turn it around for next week."

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: MAN OF THE MOMENT ... Billy Janniro is hitting his best form

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 Coventry Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              749 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                         The Evening Standard (London)

                           September 24, 2007 Monday

30,000 cyclists take over capital

BYLINE: RASHID RAZAQ

SECTION: A; Pg. 23

LENGTH: 238 words


THOUSANDS of cyclists took to the streets in the capital's biggest mass
bike-ride.

More than 30,000 people turned out for the event, bringing traffic to a
standstill as they completed a circuit of central London.

The Mall was closed off to cars yesterday afternoon as participants in in the
inaugural Hovis Freewheel festival rode past Victoria Embankment, Westminster,
St Paul's Cathedral and the London Eye in a 8.7-mile route.

Experienced cyclists led groups around the circuit several times and also
offered road-worthiness tests to novice riders as part of Mayor Ken
Livingstone's push to promote cycling.

BMX and mountain bike stunts were performed in St James's Park together with
acrobatics.

Transport for London says cycling has increased by more than 80 per cent in the
last seven years but wants to encourage more Londoners to use cycling as an
alternative to cars.

The event comes after the Appeal Court outlawed the monthly Critical Mass Cycle
Ride which saw hundreds of people meeting to ride around the capital.

The Met claimed the rides amounted to a public order offence because they caused
disruption. The High Court last year found in favour of the cyclists. But the
Court of Appeal overturned that decision, placing the rides, on the last Friday
of every month, in a precarious situation.

Friends of the Earth and regular rider Des Kay, who fought the case, are due to
appeal to the House of Lords.

LONDON LIVES: Page 39

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Pedal power: cyclists of all ages breeze along the Mall for the first
Freewheel festival

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 Associated Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              750 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                           September 11, 2007 Tuesday
                                  ALL EDITIONS

Winnifred A. (Burnett) Bramwell, 83

SECTION: DEATHS; Pg. B7

LENGTH: 261 words

DATELINE: ALVA, ST. ANN, JAMAICA


Winnifred A. (Burnett) Bramwell, 83, a longtime resident of Shrewsbury, MA died
peacefully in her home in Alva, St. Ann, Jamaica, on Sept. 3, 2007. Winnifred
was born in St. Ann, Jamaica on May 20, 1924, the daughter of William and
Antomelia Burnett. Her husband of over 30 years, Albert Bramwell, died in
Shrewsbury in 1988. She leaves five children: Lyndburg Wedderburn of Ocala,
Florida, Norma Campbell of London, England, Margaret Bent of St. Ann, Jamaica,
Jennifer Hylton of Shrewsbury, Massachusetts, and Jacquie Stevens of Kingston,
Jamaica. Her daughter, Marian Burnett died in 1961. She was blessed with
numerous grandchildren and great-grandchildren, nieces and nephews. She also
leaves several brothers and sisters: Jepthah Burnett of Cardif, Wales, Jasper
Burnett of Kingston, Jamaica, Ivan Burnett of Pickering, Ontario; Frederica
Bygrave of Torrington, CT and Nellie Graham of London, England.

Winnifred was a member of the Circuit Riders in Shrewsbury, visiting the sick
and elderly with prayer and communion. She was a member of the Wellspring
Methodist Church. She attended the St. Francis Adult Day Program in Worcester
for several years where she made many friends and was a cheerful listener to her
peers.

Funeral services will be held Saturday, September 15, at the Edmonson Methodist
Church in Alexandria, St. Ann. Mrs. Bramwell will be laid to rest, beside her
beloved husband in the family plot in Alva, St. Ann. In lieu of flowers, the
family suggests that a memorial donation be made to the Saint Francis Adult Day
Health Program in Worcester.

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2007 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              751 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            Derby Evening Telegraph

                            August 23, 2007 Thursday

He's got high hopes

BYLINE:  PAUL WATSON

SECTION: Pg. 48

LENGTH: 380 words


Tommy Searle is gunning for his first Moto-cross GP victory at a circuit that
could hardly be closer to home.

The rising star moved from Kent to  the East Midlands in order to further his
career.

And now he lives only a couple of miles away from  the Donington track, where
the British GP will be held over the Bank Holiday weekend.

The 18-year-old has been taken under the wing of former world 125cc champion
Jamie Dobb, whose base is at Tonge, near Melbourne.

It is from there that  his assault on the world championship is being plotted.

But first on the agenda for the 18-year-old is a maiden MX-2 GP win - and there
would be no better place to start than Donington.

He said: "I have won two races this year and finished on the podium seven times
but, so far, I've not managed to win a grand prix outright because the winner is
decided on aggregate over two races.

"The Donington circuit should suit me.

"There are plenty of jumps and I think it's going to be a great track.

"I like technically challenging circuits, the rougher and more rutted, the
better."

The Rebel KTM rider is only in his second full season of GP racing but, in a
sport in which riders start young, he ranks as a veteran.

He said: "I have been riding moto-cross since I was six years old and it runs in
the blood. I did all the schoolboy and junior championships and won the under-21
championship."

In order to compete in the top flight of one of the world's toughest sports,  he
knew he would need to move and readily accepted the invitation from Dobb, who
was scouting for young British talent with the potential to compete at world
level.

Searle, currently third in the world title standings, said: "Jamie was  looking
for riders who were showing promise and I happened to be one of them.

"I wanted to be with the best people, so I moved  to Tonge to stay with Jamie
two years ago. Now it's like being part of the family.

"I also wanted to work with Kirk Gibbons, who is probably the best crosstrainer
in Britain.

"Fitness is very important to moto-crossers and it's important to have the right
people behind you."

Dobb is confident that his protege can make his mark.

"Tommy is third in the championship and could even get to the top of the podium
- and there would be no better place to do it than Donington," said Dobb.

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 Derby Evening Telegraph
                              All Rights Reserved


                              752 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               Swindon Advertiser

                           August 22, 2007 Wednesday

Bayton romps to Combe series win

SECTION: SWINDON GENERAL SPORT

LENGTH: 414 words


THE Swindon-based GWR cycling team's Grant Bayton took overall victory in the
Castle Combe Summer Series.

Bayton, having tied with Neil Coleman inthe 2006 series, accumulated enough
points in the 15 events to finish just six ahead of teammate Nic Tilling after
the pair battled over three months during this popular series.

Now in its fifth year, the series is run as a co-operative of several clubs in
the North of British Cycling's South Division.

The senior events are run as handicapped races with riders split into three
groups according to ability.

The 17 laps of the motor racing circuit saw the Elite, first and second category
riders start over a lap behind in the 51 kilometre events, with the pace high in
all the races throughout the season.

The first event saw Russ Bazley (Leisure Lakes RT) take victory, with Mark Perry
(Bournemouth Arrow) crossing the line first the following week.

The next 10 events saw the GWR Team take home the honours on eight occasions,
with Nic Tilling scoring three victories, Grant Bayton two, and Ben Luckwell,
Peter Kench and Phil Bayton all taking one each.

The GWR team dominated several of the races, taking a clean sweep of the top
five on June 14, and racking up 15 second and third placings throughout the
series in addition to their eight victories.

With Bayton and Tilling filling the top two places overall, they were backed up
by Luckwell (fourth), Jon Pain, who narrowly missed out on victory on three
occasions, sixth and Kench, eighth.

Gary Smith was 18th overall, having taken an excellent fourth and fifth during
the races, while Phil Bayton finished 21st in the final standings.

Playing the team role throughout the series, Dan Smith was 32nd, from the 67
riders who scored points during the series, having taken a fine fifth in one of
the events.

Grant Bayton said: "The series continues to get better and better, although this
year it always seemed to be held under grey and wet conditions.

"The team did extremely well to dominate at least half of them, as they are
never easy to win when you are already handicapped over a lap down."

A healthy programme of youth races were also promoted as part of the weekly
series, and these events were well supported, and saw some excellent racing with
the under eights, 10s and 12s using a circuit based on the pit lane, while the
under 14s and 16s used the main circuit.

The GWR Team now embark on the final phase of their season, beginning with next
weekend's Cycle Kingdom Classic race in Surrey.

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2007 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              753 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                UK Newsquest Regional Press - This is Wiltshire

                           August 22, 2007 Wednesday

Bayton romps to Combe series win

SECTION: SPORT

LENGTH: 419 words

DATELINE: Swindon Advertiser


THE Swindon-based GWR cycling team's Grant Bayton took overall victory in the
Castle Combe Summer Series.

Bayton, having tied with Neil Coleman inthe 2006 series, accumulated enough
points in the 15 events  to finish just six ahead of teammate Nic Tilling after
the pair battled over three months during this popular series.

Now in its fifth year, the series is run as a co-operative of several clubs in
the North of British Cycling's  South Division.

The senior events are run as handicapped races with riders split into three
groups according to ability.

The 17 laps of the motor racing circuit saw the Elite, first and second category
riders start over a lap behind in the 51 kilometre events, with the pace high in
all the races throughout the season.

The first event  saw Russ Bazley (Leisure Lakes RT)   take victory, with Mark
Perry (Bournemouth Arrow)  crossing the line first the following week.

The next  10 events saw the GWR Team take home the honours on eight occasions,
with Nic Tilling scoring three victories, Grant Bayton two, and  Ben Luckwell,
Peter Kench and Phil Bayton all taking one each.

The GWR team dominated  several of the races, taking a clean sweep of the top
five on June 14, and racking up 15 second and third placings throughout the
series in addition to their eight victories.

With Bayton and Tilling filling the top two places overall, they were backed up
by Luckwell (fourth), Jon Pain, who narrowly missed out on victory on three
occasions, sixth and Kench, eighth.

Gary Smith was 18th overall, having taken an excellent fourth and fifth during
the races, while Phil Bayton finished 21st in the final standings.

Playing the team role throughout the series,  Dan Smith was 32nd, from the 67
riders who scored points during the series, having taken a fine fifth in one of
the events.

Grant Bayton said:  "The series continues to get better and  better, although
this year it always seemed to be held under grey and wet conditions.

"The team did extremely well to dominate at least half of them, as they are
never easy to win when you are already handicapped over a lap down."

A healthy programme of youth races were also promoted as part of the weekly
series, and these events were well supported, and saw some excellent racing with
the under eights, 10s and 12s using a circuit based on the pit lane, while the
under 14s and 16s used the main circuit.

The GWR Team now embark on the final phase of their season, beginning with next
weekend's Cycle Kingdom Classic race in Surrey.

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: WEB PUBLICATION


                  Copyright 2007 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              754 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                UK Newsquest Regional Press - This is Wiltshire

                            August 21, 2007 Tuesday

Bayton romps to Combe series win

SECTION: SPORT

LENGTH: 419 words

DATELINE: Swindon Advertiser


THE Swindon-based GWR cycling team's Grant Bayton took overall victory in the
Castle Combe Summer Series.

Bayton, having tied with Neil Coleman inthe 2006 series, accumulated enough
points in the 15 events  to finish just six ahead of teammate Nic Tilling after
the pair battled over three months during this popular series.

Now in its fifth year, the series is run as a co-operative of several clubs in
the North of British Cycling's  South Division.

The senior events are run as handicapped races with riders split into three
groups according to ability.

The 17 laps of the motor racing circuit saw the Elite, first and second category
riders start over a lap behind in the 51 kilometre events, with the pace high in
all the races throughout the season.

The first event  saw Russ Bazley (Leisure Lakes RT)   take victory, with Mark
Perry (Bournemouth Arrow)  crossing the line first the following week.

The next  10 events saw the GWR Team take home the honours on eight occasions,
with Nic Tilling scoring three victories, Grant Bayton two, and  Ben Luckwell,
Peter Kench and Phil Bayton all taking one each.

The GWR team dominated  several of the races, taking a clean sweep of the top
five on June 14, and racking up 15 second and third placings throughout the
series in addition to their eight victories.

With Bayton and Tilling filling the top two places overall, they were backed up
by Luckwell (fourth), Jon Pain, who narrowly missed out on victory on three
occasions, sixth and Kench, eighth.

Gary Smith was 18th overall, having taken an excellent fourth and fifth during
the races, while Phil Bayton finished 21st in the final standings.

Playing the team role throughout the series,  Dan Smith was 32nd, from the 67
riders who scored points during the series, having taken a fine fifth in one of
the events.

Grant Bayton said:  "The series continues to get better and  better, although
this year it always seemed to be held under grey and wet conditions.

"The team did extremely well to dominate at least half of them, as they are
never easy to win when you are already handicapped over a lap down."

A healthy programme of youth races were also promoted as part of the weekly
series, and these events were well supported, and saw some excellent racing with
the under eights, 10s and 12s using a circuit based on the pit lane, while the
under 14s and 16s used the main circuit.

The GWR Team now embark on the final phase of their season, beginning with next
weekend's Cycle Kingdom Classic race in Surrey.

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: WEB PUBLICATION


                  Copyright 2007 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              755 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        Western Morning News (Plymouth)

                              June 18, 2007 Monday

Toseland pays price for lack of test time

BYLINE:  Chris Rogers

SECTION: Pg. 45

LENGTH: 407 words


Troy bayliss put a big dent in James Toseland's series lead after claiming his
first double of the season in the eighth round of the World Superbike
Championship at Misano.

Toseland could manage only a fourth and a sixth on his Ten Kate Honda, leaving
Aussie Bayliss to close the gap to 21 points.

It proved to be a disappointing end to a tough round for the British rider, who
was unfamiliar with the new-look Italian circuit. Circuit organisers have
reversed the direction of racing, and Toseland's Ten Kate team have not been
able to hold any test sessions prior to the race weekend.

"To be honest, we have really struggled for not having tested here," Toseland
admitted. "We had quite a lot of problems that were not easy to fix."

He managed to qualify on the front row, but just couldn't find that extra clout
needed to keep up with the top four in the opening race.

Bayliss led from the first corner, but then had a spell leading the chase when
Noriyuki Haga stormed past him on lap nine. But it soon went wrong for the
Japanese rider - after surrendering the lead under increasing Bayliss pressure,
he was clipped by third-place man Max Biaggi which ended with both men tasting
the gravel.

That collision promoted Troy Corser to second place, while Yukio Kagayama took
the final spot on the podium.

The Xerox Ducati of Bayliss was again in dominant mood in race two, and he spent
all but a few corners out in front.

Haga's Yamaha Italia and Biaggi's Alstare Corona Suzuki renewed their rivalry,
but both stayed upright to take second and third places respectively.

At Mondello Park, meanwhile, there were first wins of the British Superbike
Championship season for Leon Haslam and Jonathan Rea.

Haslam's Airwaves Ducati held off a strong late challenge from Shane Byrne to
win race one. And youngster Rea claimed his first ever BSB triumph in race two,
beating Byrne and Gregorio Lavilla to the top of the podium.

It was not such a good afternoon for Devon's James Buckingham in the British
Superbike Cup.

The Ilfracombe rider was back on the circuit where he claimed his first ever
privateer double win three years ago. But his Quay Garage Honda found the going
far tougher this time, and he could only collect 18 points from a pair of
seventh finishes in the privateer series.

The good news, though, is that he still has his Cup lead in tact - he has a
25-point advantage over Kawasaki's Malcolm Ashley to take into round seven at
Knockhill on July 1.

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2007 Western Morning News (Plymouth)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              756 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                 Sunday Express

                              June 17, 2007 Sunday

Rea is a splash hit at Mondello;
SUPERBIKES

BYLINE: By David Fern

SECTION: SPORT; 103

LENGTH: 109  words


JONATHAN REA splashed to pole start for this afternoon's sixth round of the
Bennetts British Superbike Championship at a rain-lashed Mondello Park.

Rea was running a tenth of a second ahead of HM Plant Honda team-mate Ryuichi
Kiyonari.

The 20-year-old Ballyclare rider put in two consistently fast laps of the
2.18mile County Kildare circuit at the end of the session, the best of which was
1m46.776secs.

James Toseland, meanwhile, made good use of the one lap against the clock
Superpole session to boost his hopes of extending his lead in the World
Superbike title stakes.

The Honda rider lapped the Misano circuit in 1m 35.572secs, to secure a
front-row start.

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 EXPRESS NEWSPAPERS
                              All Rights Reserved


                              757 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                South Wales Echo

                             June 12, 2007, Tuesday
                               News Extra Edition

Help plea as centre nears completion

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 162 words


An off-road bike track welcomed by riders and residents is nearing its
completion date.

The Cardiff Moto X Centre, off Tidefields Road in Splott, Cardiff, is well under
construction and is due to be ready by the end of July.

It is being built in association with Cardiff council and the Auto Cycle Union
(ACU).

The track, one of the first such sites in the UK, will have three track circuits
- novice, youth and adult. It is hoped the tracks can be combined to create a
one-and-a-half mile circuit for special events.

The centre is looking for capable people to come forward.

Jeff Philp, from the centre, said: "We would really like volunteers who possess
different background knowledge and experience with bikes, to come forward and
mentor younger, more inexperienced riders."

Volunteers are also needed to help in the running of the centre, from catering
to administration.

To register your interest, call 07967 267 607 leaving your name, area of
discipline and contact number.

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Western Mail and Echo Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              758 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          Inside Bay Area (California)

                           February 20, 2007 Tuesday

If at first you don't succeed, appeal

BYLINE: By Elliott Almond, MEDIANEWS STAFF

SECTION: SAN MATEO; Sports

LENGTH: 569 words


SANTA ROSA -- The first stage of the Tour of California came to a crashing
finish Monday in downtown Santa Rosa.

After almost 95 miles of carefree cycling past dazzling coastal scenery, the day
climaxed with Gerald Ciolek taking out about 30 riders with six miles to go. The
German's tire blew when he hit a bump dividing the road called a Botz dot.
According to overall leader Levi Leipheimer, Ciolek lost his grip, fell to the
right and caused fellow cyclists to fall like dominoes.

Leipheimer was one of them after surging forward.

"When you crash like that, I don't remember hitting the ground," he recounted.
"I have a scar to prove I fell."

In normal circumstances, Leipheimer would have surrendered his yellow jersey as
the tour leader after finishing 50th. But he petitioned race officials that he
shouldn't be penalized for another rider's mistake near the finish.

A panel of International Cycling Union officials agreed, and Leipheimer, of the
Discovery Channel team, retained the lead despite finishing more than a minute
behind. The group affected by the crash was credited with the same time as the
riders in front, meaning 96 competitors finished with the winning mark of 4
hours, 17 minutes, 19 seconds.

Stage winner Graeme Brown of Rabobank and runner-up Greg Henderson of T-Mobile
did not immediately file protests.

The decision was unusual but not unprecedented in American racing. According to
cyclingrules, crashes within 1.8 miles of the finish don't affect the times of
the victims of a pileup. On Monday, an exception was made as Ciolek, of
T-Mobile, fell with about six miles left in a tight, dangerous circuit finish
that isn't commonly used in European racing.

"Because of the size of the crash, it was a justifiable decision," race director
Jim Birrell said.

A more skeptical view could be that the fledging event needed Leipheimer to
retain the yellow jersey in front of thousands of hometown fans. Leipheimer is
one of America's most popular riders and a veteran of the Tour de France. After
winning the prologue Sunday with a dramatic sprint up Telegraph Hill in San
Francisco, he has become the tour's early feel-good story.

As happy as Leipheimer was to win the jury decision, he didn't like the way the
day ended.

"We don't want the Tour of California to be decided by a massive crash like
that," he said.

Twenty-five miles after a crash knocked out last year's runner-up, Dave
Zabriskie of Salt Lake City, Leipheimer found himself in a nasty situation. The
man many believe will win the overall title when the tour ends Sunday in Long
Beach panicked once on the pavement.

With other cyclists sprawled over him, he yelled, "Get up, get up."

"They were a little relaxed about it," Leipheimer said.

His Discovery teammates George Hincapie and Ivan Basso, both protecting their
leader near the finish, also collided. They regrouped and got Leipheimer
rolling. But they were too far behind to catch the stage leaders, including
Brown, who won two gold medals in track cycling at the 2004 Olympics.

Brown and Henderson enjoyed the circuit finish because they are used to that
type of racing in Australia and New Zealand, respectively. A circuit course is a
circular route with tight turns, usually held in urban areas to lure more fans.

Leipheimer said finishing with the circuit in downtown Santa Rosa was important
for the event.

"With the amount of people who came out, they deserve a show," he said.

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2007 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              759 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Mail (London)

                            August 29, 2006 Tuesday

Teenager Ashley dies after Cadwell crash

SECTION: ED 1ST; Pg. 61

LENGTH: 191 words


TEENAGE rider Ashley Martin died after crashing in a qualifying session for the
British Supersport Championship.

The 18-year-old suffered major head injury in a heavy crash at Cadwell Park on
Sunday.

Martin, from Shiptonthorpe, East Yorkshire, died in hospital yesterday.

The Motorcycle Circuit Racing Control Board will investigate the crash.

A record Bank Holiday crowd at the Lincolnshire circuit saw Leon Haslam take the
lead in the Bennetts British Superbike Championship with a second place followed
by victory in the second race. The Airwaves Ducati rider started the first race
on pole but, in wet conditions, was beaten by his teammate, Gregorio Lavilla,
who claimed his eighth win of the campaign.

Ryuichi Kiyonari finished third on his HM Plant Honda, allowing Haslam, 22, to
knock him from the top of the series' leader board.

In the second race, Kiyonari fell off during the first lap and Haslam went on to
win, with reigning champion Lavilla in second.

Haslam said: 'There's no explaining how much this means to me.

I'm just over the moon to think that at last I'm ahead going into two of my
favourite tracks, Silverstone and Brands Hatch.'

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Papers


                   Copyright 2006 Associated Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              760 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                              The Star (Sheffield)

                                August 28, 2006

Haslam beats track record at Cadwell Park circuit

LENGTH: 354 words


motor cycling

LEON Haslam was delighted with pole position for the Bank Holiday Monday 11th
round of the Bennetts British Superbike Championship with the fastest ever
two-wheeled lap of the Cadwell Park circuit.

The Airwaves Ducati rider headed off the challenge of his team-mate and title
rival Gregorio Lavilla by almost a third of a second as he held the upper hand
in a high- speed shootout for supremacy, twice hitting back after the Spaniard
had posted a faster lap.

Haslam clinched his fourth pole start, at the same time extending his advantage
in the Audi Performance Award standings, with a lap of one minute 26.392 seconds
of the 2.18-mile Lincolnshire circuit, at an average speed of 90.84mph.

The 22-year-old Derbyshire rider was 1.7secs inside the previous best, and
almost a second better than the pole record.

"That is the first part of the job completed," said Haslam.

"Now we want another one-two finish in the races, with me taking a winning
double.

"After winning last time out, I want more, and am feeling good and confident,
enjoying riding the circuit."

Haslam goes into tomorrow's two races trailing Ryuichi Kiyonari, the HM Plant
Honda rider, by three points.

Haslam holds a 15-point advantage over reigning champion Lavilla.

"I want the title, that's for sure, and that means I have to be ahead of both of
them. The bike is superb round here, and I am up for the challenge," added
Haslam.

Lavilla is back to form, putting in a series of strong consistent laps, the best
of which was in a time of 1:26.683.

Having taken a pair of seconds in the corresponding round of last year Lavilla
is feeling confident he can run out front.

There are no team orders at Ducati. The Honda threat which is led by Karl
Harris, who took a bruising in a heavy tumble but bounced back to set fifth best
time.

But his team-mate Kiyonari was having a tough time on a circuit that he cares
little for. The 23-year-old Japanese rider starts from the second row after
setting the seventh fastest time with his best lap of 1:27.636.

A late charge by former champion Shane Byrne put his Rizla Suzuki onto the front
row as he was third fastest.

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              761 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Daily Telegraph (LONDON)

                            August 12, 2006 Saturday

Rea smashes lap record for Croft circuit

BYLINE: David Fern

SECTION: SPORT; MOTORCYCLING; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 140 words


JONATHAN REA shattered the Croft circuit lap record as he warned the
title-chasing trio in the Bennetts British Superbike Championship that he would
be a force to be reckoned with in tomorrow's double-race 10th round.

The 19-year-old Ballyclare rider, who is chasing his maiden race win in the
elite class, shrugged aside the blustery conditions to dominate with a
hard-riding performance. Rea powered his Red Bull Honda to a 95.69 mph lap of
the tight, 2.127-mile circuit, trimming almost a second off the record.

Within 0.25 sec of Rea was 22-year-old Leon Haslam. The consistent Airwaves
Ducati rider is five points behind Ryuichi Kiyonari, the series leader.
Kiyonari, riding the HM Plant Honda, was only marginally slower, while former
champion Shane Byrne, aboard the Rizla Suzuki, ran fourth, ahead of defending
champion Gregorio Lavilla.

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Telegraph Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              762 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                  Daily Record

                            July 15, 2006, Saturday

TEEN ACE RAE SETS KNOCKHILL RECORD

BYLINE: By Tim Clark

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 52

LENGTH: 228 words


TEENAGER Jonathan Rea shattered the lap record at Knockhill ahead of the
Bennetts British Superbike Championship.

The Ulsterman needed to be quick around the Fife circuit on opening practice for
the eighth round to head off the doublepronged challenge of Airwaves Ducati
riders Leon Haslam and Gregorio Lavilla yesterday.

Rea, riding for Red Bull Honda, had been consistently on the pace throughout the
two sessions over the Fife circuit.

His best lap of the tight, demanding 1.27-mile track came in 48.709 seconds, an
average speed of 93.96mph and almost a second inside the previous best set last
year by Michael Rutter - the improvement reflecting the pounds 400,000
resurfacing of the circuit.

Haslam enters tomorrow's two races determined to end his seasonal winning
drought and further reduce the 38 points by which he trails champion and
team-mate Lavilla.

He was just 0.065secs down on Rea, with Lavilla, third on the leaderboard, only
a split second adrift of the 22-year-old Derbyshire rider.

Ryuichi Kiyonari, the form man of the series with three victories in the
previous four races, ran fourth best on the HM Plant Honda.

The 23-year-old is looking for a replay of his double win last season in Fife to
strengthen his bid to become the first Japanese rider to win the British crown.

His best 48.896secs was a quarter of a second up on the Rizla Suzuki of Shane
Byrne.

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2006 Scottish Daily Record & Sunday Mail Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              763 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                              Sunday Times (Perth)

                             March 26, 2006 Sunday
                                 RMSTRE Edition

Home advantage for local riders

BYLINE: TREVOR HEDGE

SECTION: Pg. R80

LENGTH: 359  words


WA normally proves the toughest test for motocross championship competitors.

It won't be any different this year when the national round hits the Wanneroo
circuit next Sunday.

National rounds in recent years have been held at the deep sand of Coastal Park,
but the switch to the AJS-managed circuit at Wanneroo Park will still give a
deeper and more gruelling circuit than those used by eastern states riders.

This, of course, gives the local lads a home advantage.

Five Star Yamaha's Matt Battista enjoyed that advantage a couple of years ago
with podium finishes ahead of the much more fancied factory riders from the east
coast and overseas.

But Battista has switched his primary focus to road racing and hopes for WA
success ride on the much younger shoulders of Dean Porter (Honda Country),
Michael Addison (Belmont Tools KTM WA Dealer Team) and Carl Pickersgill (Five
Star Yamaha).

The trio will be ably supported by even younger Louis Calvin (KTM), who is
taking his first steps in senior ranks after a stellar junior career.

WA motocross stalwarts like state champion Ben Hothersall (Five Star Yamaha),
Steve Mouritz (Honda) and Graham Bell (Yamaha) could also surprise the factory
boys if things go their way.

But if previous championships are anything to go by, riders from across the
Tasman will take home the silverware.

Kiwi Daryl Hurley (Shift Motul Suzuki) took out top honours in 2005 and is out
for a repeat performance.

Brothers Shayne (TeamMoto Honda) and Darryl King (CDR Nokia Yamaha) completed
the Australian overall Pro-Open podium in 2005 to make it a New Zealand
trifecta.

Shayne King has switched allegiances this year from the Honda squad and will fly
the flag for Team Green after signing to ride Kawasaki's new KX450F in the 2006
series.

American Tim Weigand spearheads the Team Motorex KTM assault and is ably
supported by Daniel McCoy and Lee Ellis.

Weigand has been a regular visitor to Perth in recent years and is well versed
with WA soil after taking victory in the Manjimup 15,000.

Tickets available at the gate cost $60 for a family (two adults, two children),
single adult admission is $25 and entry for children five to

15 is $10.

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: SDT


                   Copyright 2006 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              764 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                     INTELLIGENCER JOURNAL (LANCASTER, PA.)

                           January 14, 2006, Saturday

Ongoing outreach

BYLINE: LORI VAN INGEN

SECTION: B; Pg. 05

LENGTH: 796  words


LORI VAN INGEN Circuit rider Johann Casper Stoever Jr. was said to have founded
a Lutheran congregation at every crossroads, according to Swamp Lutheran Church
historian Gladys Eckenroad. Wherever a few Germans had settled, Stoever held
services, baptized their children, began church records and encouraged them to
build a church, she said. Lutherans in the rural, often swampy, Reinholds area
were no exception, she said.

They met in barns from 1744 until 1760, when they built their first church - a
log cabin - on North Blainsport Road. In 1806, the congregation incorporated as
Swamp Lutheran Church and began worshipping every other Sunday in the Swamp
Reformed congregation's new church building on Swamp Church Road. In 1953, Swamp
Lutheran purchased 91/2 acres from Edwin Eberly down the road from the Reformed
congregation. Then, in 1959, Swamp Lutheran cut its ties from the Reformed
congregation and built its own church at 275 Swamp Church Road. There were a
number of reasons for this decision, according to members of the anniversary
committee. First, they had grown so much that the congregation needed more
space. Second, it wanted its own Sunday school instead of a joint Sunday school
with the Reformed congregation. And third, members wanted to worship every
Sunday instead of every other Sunday. In 1982, the congregation added a social
hall, kitchen and library to the church. When Swamp Lutheran Church officially
began in 1806, the rural congregation comprised mainly farmers. But 200 years
later, its members are hard-pressed to think of a single farmer who belongs to
the church. "We've become homogenized with the advent of the
North-South-East-West corridor. We're a bedroom community," the Rev. Dennis L.
Trout said. Reinholds is thought of as a quaint area with a cheaper cost of
living, he said. And because of that, they've gained members. "We maintain a
stable community of children of farmers who didn't move away after college," he
said. Membership has remained stable since 1969, when there were 852 baptized
members. Today, there are more than 880 members. "It's remained stable, yet I've
buried over 700 people (in the 37 years of his pastorate)," Trout said. Trout
characterizes the congregation as conservative, but with progressive ministries.
In the 1970s, the congregation adopted a family from Uganda and, in the 1980s,
it adopted families from Cambodia, Laos and Vietnam. "The congregation also has
been involved with most of the disasters around the world and closer to home,"
he said. Most recently the church donated to victims of the Gulf Coast
hurricanes. It also supports a pastor in Old City Jerusalem who works with
Palestinians, has ties with Tanzania and a hospital in India and works with
Habitat for Humanity. "We're not ultra-modern progressive, but we take pride in
being very mission-minded and giving of ourselves," Trout said. "We take making
Christ known in a serious fashion." The congregation also works hard at helping
its neighbors. It's involved with Ephrata Social Services and Luthercare in
Lititz, where Trout has been a board member for 17 years and president of the
board for 10 years. Trout also is dean of the conference and president of
Cocalico Ministerium. "This church gives my time away (to help their
neighbors)," Trout said. "It's their ministry beyond themselves." The
congregation also works with area children by providing meeting space in the
church and in a cabin behind the church for Boy Scouts and Girls Scouts. It also
developed a playground and ball field for community use. As for the future?
"We'd like to continue our outreach and be more effective in the community,"
Trout said. "Being poised to reach beyond ourselves is an ongoing effort and
goal. We want to be proclaiming God's grace for the next 200 years. Being
faithful is a goal we work hard at." To commemorate its bicentennial, Swamp
Lutheran is installing stained-glass windows. When the sanctuary windows were
originally put in, the majority of the congregation opted to use colored glass
because there was no money for nice stained glass, according to anniversary
committee members. The stained-glass windows will be dedicated on Sept. 24 by
Bishop Carol Hendrix. For its yearlong celebration, guest speakers who interned
or are sons of the congregation will preach. Sunday's speaker will be the Rev.
James Miller. The Rev. Richard Geib will preach on March 19, the Rev. John
Minnich on May 21, the Rev. Glenn Beard Jr. on Sept. 17 and the Rev. Robert
Kramer on Oct. 15. Renowned artist Ned Foltz will have a special testimonial and
pottery-making demonstration on April 23. Homecoming on Aug. 13 will include a
brunch with live entertainment by Raught and Shane. Lori Van Ingen's e-mail
address is lvaningen@lnpnews.com.

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The Rev. Dennis L. Trout of Swamp Lutheran Church in Reinholds stands
before an illustration of the new stained-glass window that is being installed
in the sanctuary. Deb Grove / Intelligencer Journal

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.


                              765 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                     Belfast News Letter (Northern Ireland)

                             March 26, 2004, Friday

MOTORCYCLING: ULSTER STARS HEAD FOR THE MAINLAND

BYLINE: DERMOT JAMES

SECTION: 1st Edition; SPORT; Pg. 50

LENGTH: 476 words


ULSTER'S best short circuit riders and that includes the three Laverty brothers,
Adrian Coates and Marty Nutt are heading to Silverstone this weekend for the
opening round of the British championships.

In fact, over the next six months the local scene will be much the poorer with
upwards of up to 20 competitors chasing points and prize money at the mainland
meetings.

Michael, John and Eugene Laverty are in different teams and classes, therefore
they wont bump into each other on the track.

For Michael this will be his Ducati debut. In the 600 Supersport class he
clashes with Coates (Suzuki) and Jonathan Rea who along with Waterford's Hilton
Hincks head the Honda challenge.

"Last year I was fourth in the points table," reflected 22 year old Michael
Laverty.

"This time I'm aiming for the top but I dont intend to push it too hard in the
first round. I'm still learning the characteristics of this particular machine,
I didn't get as much practice as I would have liked simply because the weather
in Spain was more often wet than dry."

In the Premier League of Superbike racing Nutt has a rather special Yamaha which
was previously raced by Steve Hislop.

"My goal is the Privateers cup which has 16 contestants, the same as the main
competition," explained Nutt. "I've already tested this bike at various
locations and it's impressive," he added.

"I'm looking for a top three result."

The likely lads for overall Superbike honours are John Reynolds (Suzuki),
Michael Rutter (Honda), and Sean Emmett (Ducati).

Switching back to the Laverty brothers, Eugene has a great chance of landing the
125cc championship. Already he has put in a lot of pre-season practice.

Paul Robinson also goes in the 125 race along with his cousin William Dunlop.

John Laverty (Yamaha) joins forces with Marshall Neill (Suzuki) for a twin
attack on the Superstock class.

Officials of the Coleraine club will be at Silverstone over the weekend in a bid
to attract more quality entries for the North West 200 on May 15.

Locally, tomorrow it's the responsibility of the mid-Antrim club to stage the
first round of the Irish Clubman's Championship at Aghadowey. There are 14 races
on the card starting at one o'clock.

Switching to Motocross and the Irish championship starts tomorrow with the
Killinchy club's meeting at Donemana.

Given his form of last week Adam Lyons should be the man to beat on his home
track leaving Tommy Merton and Richard McKeown to fill the minor placings.

Brian Steele is the defending Irish champion but since switching to Suzuki the
32-year-old Castlewellan rider has still to hit top form.

Finally, the penultimate round of the Irish Trials Championship, the Patland
Cup, takes place tomorrow in Co Wicklow where Robert Crawford should collect his
seventh win from seven starts.

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2004 Century Newspapers Limited


                              766 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                     Belfast News Letter (Northern Ireland)

                           December 24, 2001, Monday

MOTORCYCLING: STARS PUT ON BOOTS FOR CHARITY

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 30

LENGTH: 215 words


SEVERAL of local motorcycling's biggest names including Jeremy McWilliams and
Gordon Crockard have agreed to take part in a charity football competition next
Sunday at Newforge Country Club, Belfast.

According to organiser Davy Mulligan: "There will be four teams covering all
branches of the sport. We have road racers/short circuit riders versus motocross
versus trials versus Quads/Enduro.

"These are 11 man teams and there will be four matches of 30 minutes duration."

He added: "We have been fortunate in securing both Jeremy and Gordon who is the
British Motocross champion.

"Trials supremo Robert Crawford and Quad specialist Justin Reid will also be
taking part - it will be interesting to see the road and off-road riders kicking
the stuffing out of each other all for a good cause.

"This promises to be a great family fun day with a covered seated stand and play
areas for children. Admission is free but a charity donation will be welcome and
banner space at the ground is available at pounds 100 per banner."

The nominated charity is the Childrens Hospice. It is also hoped that the MCUI
and MRA medical teams will benefit as well.

This football frolic commences at 12 noon and further information can be had
from Davy Mulligan Tel: 07787-794811.

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2001 Century Newspapers Limited


                              767 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                             April 8, 2001, Sunday

Historian: Settlers often misused land; Jo Daviess County: Soil erosion quickly
affects river traffic

BYLINE: BECKY SISCO

SECTION: Pg. a15

LENGTH: 592 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON (AP)


GALENA, Ill - When white settlers first came to Jo Daviess County around 1820,
they found a land rich with wildlife, minerals, forests, wild-rice lakes and
prairies. They also saw a river - the Galena River - that ran deep and clear,
said Daryl Watson, executive director of the Galena Historical Society and
Museum.

Many settlers appreciated the land simply for its financial potential, Watson
said when he spoke recently to members of the Jo Daviess Conservation Foundation
at the DeSoto House in Galena.

He quoted a Methodist circuit rider who wrote in 1835, "The people are mainly
intelligent, enterprising and healthy, but they are much too concerned about the
cares of the world. Many came to make a fortune and then leave."

The fact that people could only lease land and not own it reinforced the
nonchalant attitude toward the land, Watson said. Not until 1837-38 in Galena
and Hanover and 1846-47 in the rest of the county could settlers buy property.

People mined for lead wherever it was easy to get, digging out craters that
still can be seen today. In 1845, the peak year of lead production, 25 lead
smelters operated in the county, according to Watson.

The settlers also hacked away at the timber, he said. They built almost
everything they needed out of wood - houses, wagons, implements and fences. Each
lead smelter burned four to six cords of wood each day, and steamboats burned
massive amounts of wood.

The amount of soil erosion these activities caused becomes apparent when one
sees how quickly the river silted in, Watson said. He read two descriptions of
the river, written just 17 years apart.

From an 1822 gazetteer on Illinois: "... the current is very gentle and the
water deep - affording navigation of all seasons to boats of the largest size."

From an 1839 diary: "From the Galena River to the Mississippi took us nearly two
hours - twisting and turning getting on and off sand, or rather mud bars - we
finally shot forth into the Father of Waters."

Some settlers, especially those who came from hot, damp climates, distrusted the
prairies and the diseases associated with them, Watson said.

Watson noted that there were malaria-bearing mosquitoes, giving settlers reason
to fear, but the danger was less than perceived.

Attitudes toward the land depended in part on where people lived before arriving
in Jo Daviess, Watson said. Southerners tended to think of the soil as poor or
too difficult to work for agriculture. They spent summers in Jo Daviess mining
lead or engaging in other money-making pursuits, then returned to their farms in
the South during the winter.

New Englanders were more likely to see the land's agricultural value and to
settle with the idea of staying permanently. The geography and climate seemed
more like their own, Watson said.

No matter where they originated, people were amazed by the abundance of
wildlife, he said.

One traveler wrote, "Every clear summer evening after sundown, we could hear the
whoo-oo-oo-oo (of coyotes) in the distance, which would be answered from another
direction, and from another, until the whole horizon seemed to be alive with
their howls."

People also feared prairie fires. Some fires started naturally and some were
started by Indians clearing land for crops, Watson said. One man reminisced
about the fire of 1839 in a history of Stephenson County: "It was a fearfully
magnificent sight, that great line of flames rushing with the speed of wild
horses, roaring, crackling, breathing great volumes of blackened smoke."

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Mug - Daryl Watson

                        Copyright 2001, Telegraph-Herald


                              768 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    September 9, 1985, Monday, Final Edition

Book World;
Short-Circuit Rider;
INNER TUBE.  By Hob Broun.  Knopf.  210 pp.  $14.95.

BYLINE: By Garrett Epps

SECTION: Style; B9

LENGTH: 664 words


"You're not going to like this," Hob Broun's unnamed narrator begins. "Call me
Ishmael" it's not, but it's a daring beginning for a young author. Honest, too:
"Inner Tube," Broun's second novel, contains much that is good and much that is
bad, but very little that is pleasant.

The story opens with the evening in Lake Success, N.Y., on which the
protagonist's mother, "corroded by the defeat of her acting career," commits
suicide by ramming her head into a TV set in the middle of a Bob Hope special.
As Broun sees it, her exit is just one of the far-from-random horrors of postwar
middle-class life. Mother and son have grown up as ineffectual coconspirators
(when he is thrown out of school for planting tranquilizers in the
faculty-lounge coffee urn, "my mother came to fetch me, wearing gumboots and a
silver fox jacket . . . and whispered, 'Can you get any more of those pills?'
").

The narrator drops out of school in the '60s, goes to work for CBS, then moves
to Los Angeles, shedding hopes and connections as he goes. He marries, divorces,
drifts and eventually ends up in a high-tech desert installation, editing old
videotapes 85 feet underground for purposes he doesn't understand or really care
about.

"Inner Tube" is a story of what sociologist Christopher Lasch would call "the
minimal self" -- an atomized, fragmented intelligence failing to understand an
incomprehensible world. "To put a not very fine point on it, I had my doubts
about close contact with other people," the narrator confesses. "Still do."

Indeed, his marriage breaks up not because he and his wife can't communicate,
but because they communicate all too well. "Here was a compatibility, awesome in
its precision, from which she and I could not turn away. An absence of imagined
pearls. What cleaved us to each other and ultimately cleaved us in two were
these types of closeness, progressive as a disease. More thankless wisdom, but
in time, in desperation, wouldn't we have interwined mortally, choking in
unison? Isn't that true?"

Well, maybe yes, maybe no; either way, the reader will be hard put to deny the
grim power of Broun's solitary, alienated vision. "Inner Tube" isn't just a
portrayal, though: Broun has an explanation of what's gone wrong with our lives
and our society, and he's less successful at conveying that.

The villain, it seems, is television:

"For children arrived since Hiroshima, television has provided first contact
with the past, our first sense of a world larger than this one. In safe rooms,
on the hard, sure glass of a light box, we observed ghosts without fear. Hitler,
Dracula, Maid Marian, Red Ryder -- all floated by us on the same low clouds . .
. For children arrived since Hiroshima, the lines have been fine. Nothing but
clarity would do, while contradictions dropped all around like leaflets urging
surrender. Nostalgia was forced upon us. We learned not to learn by example."

Far be it from me to defend the idiot box. But in the end, Broun seems unable to
explain his hatred of the medium. Okay, TV did it, whatever it is -- but how?
It's not, he explains, by creating fantasy images; in fact, the problem with TV
is that it's true: "That predetermined Maple Street existence was very much our
own, in all the canned events through which we moved like chess pieces, in the
good cheer we displayed so methodically, in the very drabness of our squabbles
over report cards, dating etiquette, crunched fenders."

A lot of the time I couldn't really follow what Broun is trying to say; his
narrator's demons, personal and social, merge into an incoherent monologue. The
story marches relentlessly downward, through the circles of solitude and
despair. The narrator moves to the desert. Coyote hunters poison his well. He
eats his pet goat (named Rosing, "after the inventor of the cathode-ray
receiver") and marches into the hills, presumably to die. His reasons aren't
clear, and his story isn't pretty. Ah, well; remember, you were warned.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1985 The Washington Post


                              769 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                    Geelong News (Free Suburban) (Australia)

                          February 17, 2016 Wednesday
                              GeelongNews Edition

Howard wins race in Spain

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 31

LENGTH: 282 words


GEELONG cyclist Leigh Howard has continued his strong start to the year, scoring
his first win since 2013.

Howard won the Clasica Almeria in Spain in unusual circumstances when the race
was shortened dramatically because of strong winds.

The 184km race was stopped and restarted several times, with the riders
sandblasted as they rode along the Almeria coast.

Eventually, organisers shortened the race to several laps of a 3.5km circuit.
Howard narrowly beat Russian Alexey Tsatevich of Team Katusha in a photo finish.
"We planned to ride for Matteo Pelucchi," Howard said.

"It was a very strange day, with a crazy amount of wind.

"The race was neutralised and restarted numerous times. Finally we came back to
where the hotel is, and we did a circuit race of seven laps.

"It was again super windy, and the race actually split with one or two
kilometres to go in the crosswinds.

"It kept changing directions, and it was very dangerous.

"I was lucky enough that I had good teammates around me, they delivered me and
all I had to do was sprint for the last 200m.

"It reminded me of the criteriums I raced when I was a younger rider in
Australia." The race marked the first time that the UCI's new extreme weather
protocol was used.

The 26-year-old Howard has made a strong start to 2016, having finished second
in his home event at the Cadel Evan Great Ocean Road race on January 31.

Howard said he hoped the win would be the start of some good momentum. "So happy
to finally get the monkey off my back and win a race!" he tweeted yesterday.

"Hopefully more to come this year."Howard was a foundation member at
Orica-GreenEDGE, but left the top Australian team at the end of last season to
join IAM Cycling.

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Geelong News


                   Copyright 2016 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              770 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           The Advertiser (Australia)

                             June 27, 2015 Saturday
                              Advertiser2 Edition

Our Dave is the man on isle of the brave

BYLINE: SCOTT WALSH MOTORSPORT

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 116

LENGTH: 605  words


DAVID Johnson didn't get a ring. Doesn't have a jacket or a medal, even a
certificate to show for it.

"But mate, to join the 130 Club, I don't need any of that," the Adelaide
motorcycle ace says.

"It's just great to think that in the 110-year history of the Isle of Man TT,
and all the top riders who've done it, I'm the fastest Aussie and the ninth
fastest of all time.

"That means more to me than anything. It's definitely my best ever achievement.
It easily outweighs every race wins - and I didn't even get on the podium."
Johnson, 33, rode himself into the record books barely two weeks ago when he
clocked the fastest average-speed lap by an Australian in the famed Isle of Man
TT event.

The Adelaide export, who has been living in England for the past 15 years,
posted a quickest lap with an average speed of 131.595 miles per hour - 211km/h
- around the 60km circuit.

The lap put him in exclusive company, as one of just 18 international riders in
history who have broken the 130mph barrier.

"And five years ago there was only one," Johnson says.

"The bikes haven't even changed that much, the track hasn't changed. It's just
the level of competition has gone up.

"It's insane. It's actually kinda scary just thinking how hard you now have to
ride to win." The Isle of Man TT is the often controversial motorsport event
staged since 1907 on the public roads that make up the Snaefell Mountain Course
on the island between Great Britain and Ireland. Its undulating circuit is lined
by stone walls, trees and embankments - the types of hazards that five years ago
prompted Australian 500cc champion Wayne Gardner to call for the event to be
scrapped.

In all, the Isle of Man circuit has claimed 246 lives in all forms of racing. Of
those, 139 have been attributed to the TT event since it started in 1907.

Number 139 came this year, Frenchman Franck Petricola.

Johnson, who also contests British Superbikes, raced with Petricola as a
team-mate at a lead-up race in Ireland.

"I rode past the crash and I saw everything," Johnson says. "I saw him on the
side of the road and knew it was him straight away. The doctors were giving him
CPR.

"That sort of thing, you don't think of it that much until you witness what can
happen, and how easy it can happen. You never think it will be you, but you
never know.

"But that's one of those things you just have to harden up to if you want to do
the TT. There are guys who do it the first year and they say 'screw that, never
doing that again. Stupid idea'.

"Each year the first superbike race is the first time you're out there for two
hours of flat-out riding. Not many people admit it but I don't mind saying -
before that race every year I make sure I give Mum and Dad an extra long hug,
tell them I love them, and then you take off down the road.

"That is a really emotional time. That first race, I'm just about crying, it's
that scary." So why do it? Why risk it all?

"I don't know," says Johnson, now based in Hinckley, near Birmingham, along with
British championship rider and fellow Adelaide boy Billy McConnell.

"It's always a couple of months until I decide whether I want to do it again.
But people say it, and it's true - it is like a drug.

"In 2010 I did it for the first time just to sort of tick the box and I missed
2011 but then the bug just kicked in. I was saying to myself, 'what am I doing?
Why aren't I doing the TT?'.

"I went back in 2012 and I've been back ever since. It's a drug where you set a
decent time and you've got it in you, and you can't get it out.

"To have a result like we did this year, to join the 130 Club, it's only just
starting to sink in."scott.walsh@news.com.au

LOAD-DATE: June 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Advertiser


                   Copyright 2015 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              771 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                               The Sun (England)

                              March 7, 2014 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                Northern Ireland

Nico ready to star in days of Thunder;
Thundersport Championship NICO MAWHINNY NEWS

SECTION: MOTORS;NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 584 words


NICO Mawhinny, who last year became the youngest ever Irish Superbike champion,
has announced that he will not be contesting this year's championship.

The apprentice joiner from Castledawson, who works for his dad's business,
Leitrim Construction, is moving to the 600cc class, with his sights firmly set
on competing in the British Championships in 2015.

For the forthcoming season, Nico, who was also the recipient of the Bertie Mann
Award as well as being winner of the Red Bull Young Irish Rider of the Year
title, will contest some of the Thundersport championships in the UK as it's a
stepping stone towards the elite British Superbikes (BSB) series.

An earlier deal looked possible with Ryan Farquhar's KMR team, which would have
seen Nico taking part in the British Supertwins championship, but this was
thwarted when the series was held off for another year. With youth on his side,
20-year-old Nico knows that now is the time to get across the water and face the
challenge of learning new circuits with a new team - called Northern Escalators
Installations.

Nico will be supplied with a new 600 Kawasaki, and he will take in the same
championship rounds as the BSB series, as well gaining experience with fierce
competition. At the same time he will learn the circuits, which he can hopefully
compete in during the BSB in 2015.

Nico will be joining up with another N.Irish rider, Michael Pearson from
Ballygowan, Co Down, who is riding for the same team on board a 1000 Kawasaki.
Also on Nico's team is Gavin Hunt and Max Wadsworth.

As regards outings on home soil, Nico intends to compete in the Prestigious
Adelaide Masters series on board his championship winning Suzuki, and he is also
hopeful of getting a few outings on his new bike as well. With a bit of luck,
the Northern Escalators Installations team could well take in a round or two of
the Adelaide Masters series.

Nico began racing on board an ex-Sam Lowes 125 Honda and admitted to crashing a
lot in his early days, though he soon honed himself into a faster and smoother
rider.

Talent Then he moved to the 600 Clubmans class in 2010 but the following year
narrowly missed out in winning the championship, losing to friend and arch
rival, the late Sean Hurley.

The next season, Team Polaris purchased an ex-Bruce Anstey TAS superstock
machine, and despite many critics assuming he was too young for the Superbike
class, thankfully the governing body of the sport didn't, the MCUI (UC)
recognised his talent and he was granted permission to ride the 1000cc machine.

His first season was a learning curve, and he finished third in the 1000
superstock championship and fifth overall in Irish Superbikes. In 2013, Nico
went on to create his own little piece of history in Irish short circuit racing
when he became the youngest ever Irish Superbike Champ.

And it comes as no surprise that he has a large following. One little fellow who
will always remember Nico is Ryan Vennard.

After clinching 2013's ISB title, Nico gave Ryan his championship winning
leathers for a keepsake. How many young riders would do that? Speaking to The
Sun, Nico said: "This is a big chance for me, I hope that I can make it work,
I've been putting all my effort into this season.

"I've never worked so hard for it in my life. So I have to thank my family
friends and all my sponsors for backing me. This is it - time to prove another
point!" As you read this, Nico is in Spain at the Cartagena race circuit getting
to grips with the new 600 NE Kawasaki. BAYLON McCAUGHEY

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: MAW-WINNER.. Nico's awards

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SUN


                    Copyright 2014 NEWS GROUP NEWSPAPERS LTD
                              All Rights Reserved


                              772 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Hobart Mercury (Australia)

                            October 22, 2012 Monday
                                  1 - Edition

Pedrosa streaks to victory in driving rain

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 42

LENGTH: 240  words


Spain's Dani Pedrosa stormed to victory in the Malaysian Motorcycle Grand Prix
yesterday, keeping his championship title chase alive on a rain-soaked circuit.

The Honda rider passed pole-sitter and Yamaha ace Jorge Lorenzo, who is the
championship points leader, midway through a race in which a number of riders
had their hopes dashed after crashing out.

Organisers put out the red flag on lap 13 of the 20-lap race to stop the event.

Pedrosa's Australian teammate Casey Stoner, recovering from an ankle injury, was
third after starting from the second row.

With his first ever win in wet conditions, Pedrosa who started second on the
grid can narrow the points gap with his countryman Lorenzo.

Pedrosa, who is battling for his first ever MotoGP crown, is now just 22 points
adrift of Lorenzo, who has 321 points.

Stoner now sits on 230 points.

There are two more races left for the 2012 season, in Australia and Valencia.

Lorenzo charged away from the pack at the start but as more rain began to hit
the circuit, Pedrosa brilliantly picked up speed on his arch-rival.

``It is my first win in the wet and I am very happy,'' Pedrosa said.

``I could get some rhythm and maintained a constant lap.''

Lorenzo said the red flag came out just as Pedrosa overtook him.

``I was struggling when heavy rain poured on the track,'' Lorenzo said.

``I am lucky to be second. It (the 20 points obtained for second place) is good
for the championship title,'' he said.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MER


                   Copyright 2012 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              773 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        Hills Gazette (Perth, Australia)

                              March 2, 2012 Friday
                                   1 Edition

Numbers climb on trail

SECTION: Pg. 3

LENGTH: 293  words


Paddy Fiumano, Cameron Wishart on the Kalamunda Circuit Mountain Bike Trail.

Picture: Emma Reeves www.communitypix.com.au d374482

A MOUNTAIN bike trail built in Kalamunda is already clocking up more than 400
users a week ahead of its official opening.

The 25km Kalamunda Circuit Mountain Bike Trail, which was created on a
relatively low budget of $40,000 thanks to countless volunteers lending their
time and labour, has been operational since last October.

It took six years to complete the ambitious project.

The trail runs from Mundaring Weir Road between Bahen and Paulls Valley roads to
within about 1km of the Dell.

Jake Hannah, from the KCMBT project management group, said about 7000 riders had
used the trail in the past five months.

We have a counter which totals the people who ride on the trail, he said.

We have also seen the car park full on weekends and we know people have
travelled from around Perth to use the trail.

Mr Hannah said the circuit was created because there was not anything like it in
the area.

There was some concern that riders were sharing the Bibbulmun Track with walkers
but this trail gives them a place of their own, he said.

Mr Hannah said there were already plans to expand the track.

It already gets a bit congested on Sundays and the trail can erode if there are
too many bikes on it, he said.

We want to expand, so that there are different routes to give riders a variety.

The official opening of the track will be held on March 24 at the Calamunnda
Camel Farm, 361 Paulls Valley Road, Kalamunda.

Organisers are planning guided rides on the trail, skills clinics, a trade expo
and sausage sizzle for the opening, which will coincide with Cycle Instead Bike
Week.

For more information, email info@wamba.org.au or go to wamba.org.au.

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CHG


                   Copyright 2012 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              774 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         Sunday Mail (South Australia)

                            January 15, 2012 Sunday
                               1 - State Edition

Classic chance to stamp mark

BYLINE: JESPER FJELDSTAD

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 79

LENGTH: 330  words


TOUR Down Under race director and Los Angeles Olympic gold medallist Mike Turtur
has predicted today's Down Under Classic will be a miniature form guide for the
main event.

Turtur, who has taken the TDU to the world stage and turned it into a premier
international tour, said the fact that the Classic was not an official part of
the tour would not hold back the riders, not by a long chalk.

The event, which was the initial stage of the TDU until rule changes stated no
tour could begin with a circuit stage, has continued to be a prestigious and
feisty affair.

Turtur had no inkling it would be different today.

He suggested it was the ideal way for teams to intimidate one another, put a
stamp on not only the TDU, but the year ahead.

``It's always high speed and the circuit lends itself to that too, with the
free-flowing corners,'' Turtur said. ``They (the riders) understand it's not
part of the tour but I must say, all the Classics that I've witnessed since we
introduced it have been pretty fiercely fought out.

``A win's a win.

``The other thing is that because it's in front of such a big crowd and the
occasion is such . . . a lot of the riders want to score a result.

``All in all, it's a terrific way to start the week.

``From a spectator's point of view, you don't just get to see the team
presentation, but also get your spot on the 2km circuit.''

Turtur and his team were passionate in keeping the city event, even after it was
ruled it could not be the opening stage of the TDU, and it has continued to
grow.

``It had been so successful and so popular that we had to come up with an idea
to retain it but not have it part of the tour,'' Turtur said. ``So we re-jigged
things a bit and incorporated the key presentation, which happens before the
Classic, on the same day and stage the Classic on the Sunday night.

``Then (we) start the tour on Tuesday. But we didn't want to stop doing it
because it was so successful and we used to get such good crowds.''

TDU news, Pages 71-73

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SUM


                   Copyright 2012 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              775 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           The Advertiser (Australia)

                              July 18, 2011 Monday
                             2 - Metro - BD Edition

Gap closed on Casey

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 94

LENGTH: 321  words


MOTOGP star Dani Pedrosa returned to winning ways after a three-man battle in
the German Grand Prix at the Sachsenring circuit last night (SA time).

The Repsol Honda rider saw off Yamaha's Jorge Lorenzo and his team-mate Casey
Stoner to win for the first time since breaking a collarbone in May.

Spain's Lorenzo closed the gap on Australian Stoner at the top of the
championship by taking second, with Andrea Dovisioso fourth. British rider Cal
Crutchlow was 14th, with Valentino Rossi's poor form continuing as he came home
in ninth.

Stoner leads the standings on 168 points, from Lorenzo (153) and Italian
Dovizioso (132) STONER and Lorenzo have confirmed they will not take part in the
Japanese Grand Prix in October. The earthquake and tsunami disaster in the
country in March caused the race to be postponed until October 2.

However, the Motegi circuit due to host the race lies just over 100km from the
damaged Fukushima nuclear plant and Lorenzo and Stoner refuse to race there.

``I will not go and most riders have the same opinion,'' said Stoner, the 2007
world champion.

``That's my opinion and I've had it for some time. Not as long as Jorge.

``I took more time to make my decision but I will not go there.

``That's my decision. I guess it's up to the organisers to figure out what's
going to happen.

``If a similar thing happened near my home in Australia I wouldn't be going back
there. It'd be the same situation.''

Stoner and Lorenzo ride for Japanese teams - Stoner for Repsol Honda and Lorenzo
for Yamaha - and the Motegi circuit is owned by Honda. Lorenzo, though, says he
will not reverse his decision to boycott October's race.

``I took this decision not to go to Japan a long time ago,'' said the Spaniard.
``So I am not active in the ongoing discussions about going to Japan because I
have already made my decision.

``I think if we can help Japan in another way we will.

``But I think going there is not real support.''

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ADV


                   Copyright 2011 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              776 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          Newcastle Herald (Australia)

                            August 21, 2010 Saturday
                                 First Edition

Bike park on right track

BYLINE: GR

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 116 words


LEARNING the rules of the road will soon begin much younger, with construction
of a circuit zone at the Lake Macquarie Variety Playground at Speers Point Park
to be completed by October. Lake Macquarie City Council manager of city projects
Adam Wakeman said children on tricycles, scooters, bikes and wheelchairs would
be able to learn courtesy and road manners on the circuit. "For younger riders,
there is a slower-paced 'town centre' track, which measures 80 metres in length
and is built to imitate driving around town," he said. It will feature two-way
traffic, intersections, roundabouts and a "refuelling" station. There is also a
one-way track with "fast bends for the more experienced rider".

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 Newcastle Newspapers Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              777 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Australian

                             May 20, 2009 Wednesday
                         1 - All-round Country Edition

Lance has key role in protest

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 293 words


Cycling

LANCE Armstrong was apologetic and avoided launching into a verbal war with race
organisers following the protest that marred the ninth stage of the Giro
d'Italia.

``It's an unfortunate situation, an accumulation of days and days of frustration
and I think fear on a lot of people's parts and then this war of words and this
war of power afterwards that we have to avoid,'' Armstrong said in a video
message posted yesterday, the race's first rest day.

Armstrong played an integral role in a group protest that ended up annulling
times in Sunday's stage because riders considered the city circuit in downtown
Milan was too dangerous.

He was seen discussing the perils of the circuit with race officials in a car as
he pedalled through Milan, and he stood next to overall leader Danilo Di Luca
when the Italian addressed the fans in the middle of the stage with a microphone
to explain the protest, interrupting the race briefly. For most of the stage,
the pack went far below normal pace, denying fans quality racing.

``We didn't feel the conditions were safe,'' Armstrong said, listing a number of
problems with the course, from parked cars to tram tracks, traffic islands and
even oncoming traffic.

Race director Angelo Zomegnan was livid about the protest, given the stage was
designed to celebrate the 100th anniversary of the Giro's founding in Milan.

``This circuit required explosive bursts. It required riders to get their butts
up off the seats of their bikes, and some riders who are not so young anymore
apparently don't feel like doing that,'' Zomegnan said. ``Instead, it seems like
their legs have become shorter and their tongues longer.''

Asked if he was referring to Armstrong, Zomegnan replied: ``I never name people
who have disappointed me.''

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AUS


                   Copyright 2009 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              778 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          Newcastle Herald (Australia)

                            March 25, 2009 Wednesday
                                  Late Edition

No bull, he's a champion;
the word

BYLINE: with Amy Edwards and Anita Beaumont

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 304 words


MORPETH-raised international bull rider Brendon Clark knows he could be the
world champion of his sport and still never master it.

Currently ranked number 18 on the prestigious Professional Bull Riders series in
the United States, Clark is enjoying a flying start to this season after an
injury-plagued 2008.

But even if he achieves his goal of being world champion, that won't always
guarantee he can ride a bull for eight seconds.

"That's what makes it different to any other sport," Clark told The Word.

"You can never master it. It's what keeps you coming back. Every ride is a
challenge against something you have no control over. A lot of different things
can happen and no bull's the same."

Clark, whose parents still live at Morpeth, is currently in awe of a bull named
I'm a Gangster on the US circuit.

"He'd be the hardest one to ride. He's 800 kilograms of pure muscle," he said.

Clark, who rode his first bull at a rodeo at age 14 and left Australia for the
US circuit in 2005, has learned over the years not to think about the dangers
involved in his chosen sport.

He has suffered torn ligaments and had plenty of stitches, but that's nothing
compared to what can happen in those elusive eight seconds.

"It's something you have to put out of your mind," Clark said. "You are going to
get hurt at some stage."

Now 28, Clark is a veteran of the US circuit and highly respected by fans and
cowboys alike.

He will return to the Hunter to host his second PBR Brendon Clark Invitational
at the Newcastle Entertainment Centre on Friday and Saturday nights, May 29 and
30.

Clark, who is Australia's number one ranked international bull rider, is keen to
promote the sport in his own country and home town.

"It would be nice to see a guy make a living out of the sport in Australia," he
said.

Tickets go on sale today through Ticketek.

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Brendon Clark

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 Newcastle Newspapers Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              779 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       Sunday Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                            October 14, 2007 Sunday
                                 First Edition

Lowe set for high country;
CYCLING

BYLINE: Ari Sharp

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 611 words


TWO years after moving from mountain biking to road racing, rising star Trent
Lowe spends most of his time cycling with the sport's elite in Europe and
America.

But today Lowe is back on home soil, hitting the road in the Herald Sun Tour,
the eight-day Victorian race which is the only Australian event on the
23-year-old's calendar.

Finishing sixth last year, Lowe is leading the charge for the Jayco Australian
Team, which includes veteran rider Stuart O'Grady, fresh from a Tour de France
wipeout which left the 34-year-old with eight broken ribs, a broken shoulder,
collarbone and three vertebrae, a punctured lung and a blood clot on the brain.

O'Grady, back in the saddle for the first time since the accident, is more than
just an elder statesman for the team.

"He's building back up after some injuries and getting back on track," Lowe
said. "But by the end of the week Stuey's going to get going, and if he gets a
sniff of the race and he thinks he can get in and help . . . he's not going to
hesitate."

This week's race pits 14 teams against each other for a winding 700-kilometre
trek from Bendigo, where it kicks off this morning, to Melbourne, where it
climaxes with a circuit race stage next Sunday.

While the Jayco team will have local knowledge on its side, the biggest threats
will come from Switzerland's Astana team, which includes veteran sprinter Rene
Haselbacher, and Unibet.com, led by race favourite Baden Cooke and fellow
Victorian Matthew Wilson.

Also worth watching is Tasmanian Cameron Wurf, the Athens Olympics rower who is
making his tour debut for the Bissell-Priority Health team, and Sydney Olympics
madison champion Brett Aitken with Savings and Loans.

Lowe said this week's event would pose its share of challenges.

"The roads are certainly different (to) what we race on in Europe. The surface
is a lot more harsh and less groomed, which makes for harder racing."

During his days with the Victorian Institute of Sport, the Mooroolbark boy
trained on roads in Bright and Mount Beauty, which riders will hurtle along on
Thursday during the fourth stage of the seven-stage event. The stage takes
riders to the summit of Falls Creek, where Lowe's mountain biking experience may
give him an edge.

The move from mountain biking to road cycling took some adjustment for Lowe, who
struggled with the endurance needed to race 10 months of the year. Now, though,
he has found himself in demand, and picked up by Team Slipstream.

He is hopeful of joining Slipsteam's squad of nine riders for the Tour de France
next year, but knows how intense the competition will be.

"You can't take it for granted. It will be my personal goal. That said, if I'm
not feeling so great coming in to it or I'm not ready, I don't want to go. A few
planets might have to line up for me, and I have to work hard."

HERALD SUN TOUR

TOUR ROUTE

Today: Herald Sun Classic - Bendigo - 1.7km circuit

Tomorrow: Stage one - Bendigo to Nagambie - 141.9km

Tuesday: Stage two - Mitchelton winery to Mansfield - 145.6km

Wednesday: Stage three - Mansfield to Beechworth - 139.5km

Thursday: Stage four - Beechworth to Falls Creek - 116.5km

Friday: Stage five - Mt Beauty to Wangaratta - 110.9km

Saturday: Stage six - Individual time trial, Melbourne - 8.6km

Sunday: Stage seven - Circuit race, Melbourne - 2.5km circuit

TOP RACERS

Stuart O'Grady, 34, Jayco Australian Team

Trent Lowe, 23, Jayco Australian Team

Baden Cooke, 29, Unibet.com

Jimmy Casper, 29, Unibet.com

Cameron Wurf, 24, Bissell-Priority Health

Darren Lapthorne, 24, Drapac Porsche

Miyataka Shimizu, 25, Nippo-Meitan La Trobe City

Dominique Perras, 33, Bicycle Superstore

Jorg Ludewig, 32, Wiesenhof-Felt

Wesley Sulzberger, 20, SouthAustralia.com-AIS

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              780 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       Sunday Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                            October 14, 2007 Sunday
                                 Second Edition

Lowe hits the road for high country;
CYCLING

BYLINE: Ari Sharp

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 611 words


TWO years after moving from mountain biking to road racing, rising star Trent
Lowe spends most of his time cycling with the sport's elite in Europe and
America.

But today Lowe is back on home soil, hitting the road in the Herald Sun Tour,
the eight-day Victorian race which is the only Australian event on the
23-year-old's calendar.

Finishing sixth last year, Lowe is leading the charge for the Jayco Australian
Team, which includes veteran rider Stuart O'Grady, fresh from a Tour de France
wipeout which left the 34-year-old with eight broken ribs, a broken shoulder,
collarbone and three vertebrae, a punctured lung and a blood clot on the brain.

O'Grady, back in the saddle for the first time since the accident, is more than
just an elder statesman for the team.

"He's building back up after some injuries and getting back on track," Lowe
said. "But by the end of the week Stuey's going to get going, and if he gets a
sniff of the race and he thinks he can get in and help . . . he's not going to
hesitate."

This week's race pits 14 teams against each other for a winding 700-kilometre
trek from Bendigo, where it kicks off this morning, to Melbourne, where it
climaxes with a circuit race stage next Sunday.

While the Jayco team will have local knowledge on its side, the biggest threats
will come from Switzerland's Astana team, which includes veteran sprinter Rene
Haselbacher, and Unibet.com, led by race favourite Baden Cooke and fellow
Victorian Matthew Wilson.

Also worth watching is Tasmanian Cameron Wurf, the Athens Olympics rower who is
making his tour debut for the Bissell-Priority Health team, and Sydney Olympics
madison champion Brett Aitken with Savings and Loans.

Lowe said this week's event would pose its share of challenges.

"The roads are certainly different (to) what we race on in Europe. The surface
is a lot more harsh and less groomed, which makes for harder racing."

During his days with the Victorian Institute of Sport, the Mooroolbark boy
trained on roads in Bright and Mount Beauty, which riders will hurtle along on
Thursday during the fourth stage of the seven-stage event. The stage takes
riders to the summit of Falls Creek, where Lowe's mountain biking experience may
give him an edge.

The move from mountain biking to road cycling took some adjustment for Lowe, who
struggled with the endurance needed to race 10 months of the year. Now, though,
he has found himself in demand, and picked up by Team Slipstream.

He is hopeful of joining Slipsteam's squad of nine riders for the Tour de France
next year, but knows how intense the competition will be.

"You can't take it for granted. It will be my personal goal. That said, if I'm
not feeling so great coming in to it or I'm not ready, I don't want to go. A few
planets might have to line up for me, and I have to work hard."

STAGE BY STAGE

TOUR ROUTE

Today: Herald Sun Classic - Bendigo - 1.7km circuit

Tomorrow: Stage one - Bendigo to Nagambie - 141.9km

Tuesday: Stage two - Mitchelton winery to Mansfield - 145.6km

Wednesday: Stage three - Mansfield to Beechworth - 139.5km

Thursday: Stage four - Beechworth to Falls Creek - 116.5km

Friday: Stage five - Mt Beauty to Wangaratta - 110.9km

Saturday: Stage six - Individual time trial, Melbourne - 8.6km

Sunday: Stage seven - Circuit race, Melbourne - 2.5km circuit

TOP RACERS

Stuart O'Grady, 34, Jayco Australian Team

Trent Lowe, 23, Jayco Australian Team

Baden Cooke, 29, Unibet.com

Jimmy Casper, 29, Unibet.com

Cameron Wurf, 24, Bissell-Priority Health

Darren Lapthorne, 24, Drapac Porsche

Miyataka Shimizu, 25, Nippo-Meitan La Trobe City

Dominique Perras, 33, Bicycle Superstore

Jorg Ludewig, 32, Wiesenhof-Felt

Wesley Sulzberger, 20,

SouthAustralia.com-AIS

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              781 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                           November 15, 2005 Tuesday
                                 First Edition

Talk of marriage in the air after Rossi's three-day affair with Ferrari;
MOTOGP, MOTOR SPORT

BYLINE: Bob Jennings

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 35

LENGTH: 590 words


World champion Valentino Rossi has set tongues wagging once more with his most
intensive test yet in a Ferrari formula one car.

After the winding up of the MotoGP season at Valencia in Spain nine days ago,
Rossi skipped the official MotoGP tests at the track last week for three days'
testing with Ferrari at two circuits.

First stop was Ferrari's Fiorano test track, where his times over 40 laps
improved to about 58 seconds (Michael Schumacher's record there is 55.9s).
That's beginning to be competitive. He later joined the Ferrari tests at the
Mugello circuit. The three-day exercise has added to speculation Rossi is
seriously in the frame to replace Schumacher - who turns 36 next year - when he
retires, which many believe will be after the 2006 season.

But at the end of it, no-one was saying where it all might lead. "I am happy to
have had the chance to get back behind the wheel of a Ferrari formula one car,"
Rossi said innocently. "On Wednesday I drove at Fiorano to reacquaint myself
with the car in preparation for these two days at Mugello, which is definitely a
tough circuit.

"Obviously, I already knew the track [he has won the past four MotoGPs there],
even if it is very different sitting in the cockpit from being on a bike. I was
able to do around 600 kilometres, increasing my understanding of the handling of
the car on a very different track to Fiorano. I have to say it was a great
experience ... "

This was the third time Rossi had tested with Ferrari, with the seven-time world
champion driving a 2004 car. Ferrari test drivers Felipe Massa and Luca Badoer
were on hand, driving the F2004 and F2005 cars mainly to assist Bridgestone tyre
development. Massa's car was fitted with next year's V8 engine.

Rossi will return to two wheels when he starts Yamaha's winter testing program
at the Sepang circuit in Malaysia during official tests on November 28, 29 and
30.

Meanwhile, Australian riders Casey Stoner and Chris Vermeulen had MotoGP outings
in last week's rain-shortened Valencia test. Stoner, this year's runner-up in
the 250cc world title, rode the second Sito Pons Honda team's RC211V while
former 250cc champion Marco Melandri rode the Fortuna team's Honda.

Vermeulen has joined Team Suzuki MotoGP after a successful season in world
superbike racing - finishing second to fellow Australian Troy Corser - and an
impressive two-race stint at Camel Honda towards the end of the MotoGP season.

After riding the Suzuki GSV-R V4 prototype for the first time, he said: "I
really enjoyed my first go on the bike. My first impressions are that the bike
is very easy to ride and very comfortable. I really enjoyed working with the
mechanics, they all have a lot of experience and they're very methodical and
really know what they are doing. We have a lot of work still to do but I am sure
we can move in the right direction."

The second day of the Valencia tests were hit by heavy rain.

In Sydney, some of the world's best supermoto riders will compete in the
Ssangyong International Supermoto at the International Tennis Centre at Sydney
Olympic Park on Saturday.

Riders representing the US, New Zealand and Australia will compete, including
former NZ world superbike racer Aaron Slight and Americans Cassidy Anderson,
Micky Dymond and Benny Carlson and woman rider Michelle DiSalvo.

Australian riders include Ryan Marmont and Daniel McCoy (KTM), Craig Anderson
and Rebecca Lipsett (Honda), and Cheyne Boyd and Cameron Taylor (Yamaha). The
circuit includes a high-speed 800-metre road section and a 200m dirt motocross
section.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2005 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              782 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                               May 9, 1994 Monday
                                  Late Edition

Doohan widens title lead with Spanish win

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 38

LENGTH: 414 words


Jerez, Spain, Sunday.

World 500cc championship leader Michael Doohan of Australia rode a cool race in
the heat of Jerez to win the Spanish Grand Prix ahead of American Kevin Schwantz
today.

Schwantz led for the first 14 of the 27 laps on the 4.423-kilometre circuit
before Doohan passed him and gradually opened up a slight but comfortable
margin.

The two were well clear of American John Kocinski, whose Cagiva could not match
the speed of Doohan's Honda or Schwantz's Suzuki, leaving him almost 10 seconds
behind the leading pair.

The victory stretched Doohan's world championship lead over the pursuing
Americans. He now has 86 points after four events, with Schwantz and Kocinski
together on 68.

Doohan and Schwantz had trouble with their tyres on the rather slippery circuit,
but both broke the old lap record in the final laps as they fought out their
personal duel.

Doohan said Schwantz had made him work flat out to the finish for his victory,
his second of the season.

"When I got ahead he kept coming back at me and reeling me in a bit, but I had
just enough left to hold him off," the Australian said.

He said he was helped slightly in the final phase of the race by slower riders
impeding Schwantz.

The American had no excuses. "My problem today was Mick (Doohan) rather than any
stragglers," he said.

"His bike seemed to be working that little bit better than mine. Even if there
hadn't been any slower riders in the way, I would still have had a hard time
getting past him."

There was confusion at the end of the 250cc race, won by Jean Philippe Ruggia of
France on an Aprilia, when it was found that the start and finish official had
waved the chequered flag at the last-placed riders instead of to the leaders.

After the mistake was discovered, the final classification was taken at the end
of 25 laps instead of the scheduled 26.

It did not affect the winner, but Tadayuki Okada of Japan, who actually finished
third, was relegated to fourth behind Ralf Waldman of Germany. Dariano Romboni
of Italy was second.

With Italians Loris Capirossi and Massimiliano Biaggi going out of the race in
the final stages - Capirossi's Honda breaking down when he looked sure to win -
Okada moved to the top of the world championship standings.

The massive crowd in the stands and on the low hills around the circuit stood
for a minute's silence in memory of formula one racing drivers Ayrton Senna of
Brazil and Roland Ratzenberger of Austria, killed at last weekend's San Marino
Grand Prix at Imola.

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 1994 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              783 of 996 DOCUMENTS


               National Post (f/k/a The Financial Post) (Canada)

                             July 28, 2012 Saturday
                                National Edition

Riders face tricky task in men's road race; Mix of terrains; No clear favourite
in battle among cycling's best

BYLINE: Brendan Gallagher, The Daily Telegraph

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. S7

LENGTH: 463 words

DATELINE: LONDON


There are two Dream Teams in action this weekend and the first dives straight
into the Olympic fray this morning in a men's road race that could produce as
many fireworks as last night's Opening Ceremony, with Great Britain try to work
Mark Cavendish into a sprint finish on the Mall this afternoon.

The course is not entirely suited to the world champion but it is expectation
rather than mere hope that hangs in the air. It would be a stunning coup.
Bradley Wiggins, Chris Froome, David Millar, Ian Stannard and Cavendish might be
in the form of their lives but the Olympic road race always comes with a public
health warning: It can break your heart and leave you in pieces.

It is the most unpredictable race in cycling with rank outsiders such as Fabio
Casartelli, in 1992 and Pascal Richard four years later slipping in under the
radar for shock victories.

Whether by accident or design, this year's course is on the cusp of the comfort
zone of just about every rider involved. It is much lumpier than the sprinters
like with nine climbs averaging 5% up Box Hill in mid-race but the finish is
kinder and there is a 40-kilometre run-in from the Box Hill circuit to the Mall
to possibly chase down the breaks.

The one-day specialists, meanwhile, love the Box Hill circuit but are fearful
that a couple of tough sprinters might survive, while even a Grand Tour rider
like Vincenzo Nibali, third in the Tour de France, has been talking up his
chances, believing this is a course where stamina and endurance will be
paramount.

So how can Great Britain and Cavendish - described as "Plan A and the rest of
the alphabet" by Dave Brailsford - succeed? They need to dominate and possibly
race the 250 kilometres like a team timetrial, which is why they have picked
four of the biggest engines in world.

With the supreme fitness of their Tour de France stars and Stannard, who spends
thousands of kilometres at the front of the peloton every season for Team Sky,
Great Britain needs to make the race so extraordinarily hard and fast that
nobody, especially the brilliant one-day Classics riders like Tom Boonen, Fabian
Cancellara, Philippe Gilbert or Peter Sagan, can find another gear to get away
on a dangerous break.

That is eminently possible on the flat, but what about Box Hill? Nine laps of
just over 16 kilometres with 162 metres of climbing per lap. Cavendish has
trained on the circuit every free weekend this year and prefers not to use the
words "climb" or "hill."

"Anything this big gives you nerves," Cavendish admitted. "I'm incredibly proud
to be British and part of this team at a home Games in London. I want to make
the most of that opportunity. In the Tour de France you've got 21 days to try to
do something, here it's a one-off hit. You have to try to execute first time."

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2012 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              784 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                             The News of the World

                                  July 7, 2002

MAC BACK IN STYLE

SECTION: CYCLING; SPORT OF THE WORLD

LENGTH: 49 words


    FALKIRK'S former French road circuit rider Craig McQueen continued his
comeback with victory in the 65-mile British Eagle Road Race at Musselburgh.

    McQueen, who took two years off, out-sprinted Chris Cole (Midlothian) to
finish three lengths clear. Fifer Raymond Reidy finished third.


LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2002

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Newspaper

                    Copyright 2002 NEWS GROUP NEWSPAPERS LTD


                              785 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                              July 1, 2014 Tuesday
                                   Edition 3;
                                National Edition

'Foreign sires don't have the same quality';
Jump legend Con Power shares his views on the state of Ireland's equestrian
sector

BYLINE: Ken Whelan

SECTION: FARMING;NEWS; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 1010 words


WITH the Aga Khan Cup at the RDS around the corner, showjumping veteran Captain
Con Power shares his views on the current state of the equestrian sector.

"We're not breeding our horses the way we used to. Too many foreign stallions,
but you'd need a book to write down my opinions on the issue," he says
matter-of-factly.

"The Irish showjumper used to be bred from Irish thoroughbreds crossed with half
and quarter breeds, but now there are too many foreign stallions being used and
it is affecting quality. It affects the jumping and fleet-footedness of the
horse," he adds.

Capt Power's strong beliefs in the ability of traditional Irish breeding
probably stem from his remarkable achievements as part of the team that secured
the three-in-a-row wins in the Aga Khan for Ireland during the late 1970s.

Alongside Eddie Macken and Boomerang, the late Paul Darragh on Heather Honey and
James Kiernan on Condy, Power was partnered with three different horses -
Coolronan, Rockbarton and Castlepark. The owner of these home-bred horses was
the colourful and controversial Minister for Defence at the time, Paddy Donegan.

It was also one of these Irishbred horses - Rockbarton - that carried Power to
the RDS Puissance in 1979 at a then record height of 7ft 2in.

The seeds for these successes were sown long before, when Con Power first fell
in love with horses as a boy growing up in Hook Head in Co Wexford.

Intention "I was only ever interested in horses. I was successful with ponies in
Wexford and was riding out for the horse trainer Padge Berry as a youngster and
was seriously thinking about horse racing as a career.

"But I got too tall. Overnight, I got too tall," he recalls.

"So at that stage I decided to try for a cadetship in the Army and my only
intention was to get into the Army Equitation School.

"I was after repeating my Leaving Cert in Gormanstown College in Co Meath. I
needed two extra honours at the time and at the interview I told them that all I
was interested in was the Army Equitation School.

"When they asked me what if I didn't get into the Equitation school I replied -
'that's okay but I'm only here to get into the Equitation school'."

Brave words for a callow teenager facing a long table of medal and ribbon
bedecked Army officers.

But it wouldn't be the only time during his military career that Capt Con Power
would be at odds with the top brass who occupy the best desks in the barrack
buildings around Phoenix Park and the Curragh.

Cadet school was "hard but fair" for the 44 cadets in Power's year.

As soon as he was commissioned, he was off to the Equitation School where he
became the most precocious Army rider since Col Billy Ringrose.

Exploits He soon became a household name in Ireland for his exploits on Army
horses on the grand prix and Nations' Cup circuits in Europe and North America
during the 1970s and 1980s. Like many in the Army Equitation school he never saw
what would be called 'military action', but he emphasises that he did carry out
his officer duties of caring for and jumping the horses owned by the Minister
for Defence.

This idyllic life ended abruptly for Capt Power in the 1980s when a disagreement
arose over the share-out of the lucrative prize money won by the Army riders on
the international showjumping circuit.

It was the practice that winnings were returned to the Department of Defence. It
then allocated a percentage of the winnings on an 'even split' basis to the
participating Army riders.

When Power suggested that the Army riders' shares reflect what each had achieved
on the international circuit, he was rebuffed by his superiors. He resigned his
commission a week later.

Proportionality is still not recognised in the Army even to this day.

The parting was big news at the time but it did not create any animosity or ill
feeling between Capt Power and his Army superiors and colleagues. The opposite
could be argued.

"The best owner I ever had was the Minister for Defence," he still says to this
day.

Power continued to win on the international circuit as a 'civvie' showjumper but
his career was brought to an end after an horrific accident in a showjumping
arena in Dundalk in 1988.

"A horse got loose and basically careered into me. I received head injuries and
I was brought to the local hospital and immediately transferred to Beaumont
Hospital.

"The head injuries were slow to heel and when I eventually got the all clear
from the doctors, I was warned by them never to jump a horse again."

It was a warning that Power has heeded ever since.

Undaunted by this brutal setback to his career, or perhaps spurred on by the
fact of having a family to rear, Power set up a new business at his home at
Derrypatrick House in Summerhill, Co Meath.

Trainers From this base he pre-trains national hunt horses for established horse
trainers like Dermot Weld, Jessica Harrington and Aidan O'Brien.

"I basically sort out the jumping problems that trainers want sorted out before
their horses go to the track.

"I have had some great horses through my hands like Toby Tobias for Jenny Pitman
and Ansar for Dermot Weld. Business is good. I have my clients," he says.

He does similar work on training youngsters in the art of showjumping - people
like the up-and-coming teenage talent and fellow county man, Betram Allen. Power
also sources potential showjumpers for his clients.

And, with all showjumping eyes on the RDS next month, how does he rate the Irish
showjumping team's chances? "I can tell you that they will do well.'' THE
CAPTAIN'S FAVOURITES Galway or Westport and I just love the seafood you get in
the West."

Book: "Any sporting biography, especially of sporting greats like Vincent
O''Brien and Jenny Pitman."

"  Film: "God there have been some great movies. Currently I am enjoying the
'Hangover'' movies."

"  Foreign holiday: "I don't take foreign holidays. I once went to a friend''s
house in Italy for ten days and couldn''t take the hot sun. My wife loved it but
I hated it."

Irish Holiday: "Anywhere in the West of Ireland. I love it. I like to spend
weekends in "  Charity: The Injured Jockeys'' Fund.

LOAD-DATE: July 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GLORY DAYS: The three-in-a-row Aga Khan winning team of Paul Darragh on
Heather Honey, Captain Con Power on Coolronan, James Kernan on Condy and Eddie
Macken on Boomerang
STRONG OPINIONS: Aga Khan legend Con Power says the quality of our show jumping
horses is being undermined by the over-use of foreign sires

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IIN


             Copyright 2014 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              786 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                Rugby Advertiser

                           November 3, 2016 Thursday

MOTORSPORT: Jaggard at Assen and Brands Hatch

LENGTH: 608  words


Final races of season for Ducati rider

The penultimate round of the 2017 Ducati Tri -Options Cup was to take place at
Holland's Assen circuit, writes Colin Hill.

Affectionately known as the Cathedral of Speed, it's a circuit that Rugby racer
Keith Jaggard really enjoys, not just for its fast flowing form, but for the
fans that have taken Keith and his bright Orange machine to heart. And so as a
thank you Keith unveiled a new livery featuring the dutch flag.

The race weekend itself would be a busy affair as Keith wasn't just entered in
his usual Ducati championship, but had also entered his bigger bike in the Dutch
Open Superbike race.

Setting about Qualifying his Ducati Championship bike Keith laid down some
consistent times and placed himself 27th on the grid for the weekend's two
races.

RACE 1 and Keith settled into being smooth over the race distance, a tactic that
would reward him with a 24th place finish whilst carving four seconds off his
fastest time round the 2.8 mile circuit.

RACE 2 would go almost identically and again a 24th place finish was his reward,
and again dropping his time by another 3/4 of a second.

DUTCH OPEN SUPERBIKE

With two Qualifying sessions Keith would again pace himself to reacquaint
himself with the bigger bike, again a tactic that would pay off as he moved up
10 places between the two qualifying sessions. Onto the race itself and with a
mix of bikes on the grid Keith would be in for some fun during the 13-lap race
.... but sadly Keith's race would come to a sudden and dramatic end when his
engine decided to lock up part way into the first lap leaving him to wrestle the
bike to a standstill.

Even with the ending to the Superbike race Keith and the team had a thoroughly
enjoyable weekend racing and meeting all the fans.

BRANDS HATCH ..SEASON FINALE

With the season coming to an end as the championship rolled into Kent's Fast
Brands Hatch circuit, Keith, the team and the rest of the championship runners
were all hoping to carry on where they left off at Assen and put on an exciting
pair of races for the crowds.

Making use of his time on track to sort the set-up of the bike, Keith kept
himself in a steady upward plain and ended the first free practice in 26th place
overall, but with a good direction forward into Qualifying.

Into Qualifying and once again Buggsy chased time for positions but despite
chiseling a second off his previous time he was unable to move any further up
the grid for race 1.

RACE 1 Lights out and Keith set off in pursuit of the riders ahead but was
mildly cautious due to a damp track. Settling into a steady rhythm and keeping
tagged onto the riders ahead the laps ticked away and by the end of the race
Keith had maintained his starting position, which in the conditions was no mean
feat.

RACE 2 With the track now drying and for some the Championship on the line, this
is what the whole season had come down to ... the last eight laps of the season.
So from the second the lights went out riders were jockeying for places right
through the pack, Keith being no exception to this wanting to get a good result
as much now as he did in the first race of the season. With this in mind Keith
pushed hard but so did those around him and as places were exchanged and this
would be the pattern for the whole eight laps with Keith managing to take a
solid 25th.

Keith and the team would like to take this opportunity to thank all the sponsors
and supporters that have helped them throughout the season and hope to see you
all back on board for next season. Also if anyone wishes to join in with helping
out with next season's effort, then please don't hesitate to get in touch.

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MHRA


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              787 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Courier

                           October 20, 2016 Thursday
                                 Print Edition

Super MotoGP time for Davies

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 38

LENGTH: 324 words


Tracy Davies is going to the Phillip Island motorcycle grand prix circuit this
week with two major objectives.

The Warrenheip superbike rider wants to break her personal best time and have
fun.

She said there was nothing like riding on the circuit - especially in front of a
big crowd.

"It's just the magic of the Island. It's a place where a lot of people dream of
riding, but never get the chance to do. You just have to enjoy every lap."

Davies, 32, competed at Phillip Island in the Victorian Road Racing Championship
earlier this year, but the Australian MotoGP weekend is a whole new ball game.

"To race in front of a large crowd will be something different as well. It's
going to be a lot of fun and I'm really excited about it," she said.

No one knows better than Davies the importance of making the most of every
opportunity on the track.

She suffered a serious head injury in a race crash at Broadford in 2010 -
spending 12 months in rehabilitation. It was another year before she resumed
race riding.

Davies will be competing on a Honda CBR 1000 in the superbike support category
on Friday and Saturday.

Her schedule will include, practice, qualifying and two races on Friday, and one
race on Saturday.

She said she was looking forward to mixing it with the best A grade riders from
Australia and overseas.

"It'll be great to learn as much as I can from them."

She expects to hit speeds up to 250kmh.

"I'd like to get quicker around the track. I want to surprise myself with what I
can with the bike.

"That's what it has been all about for the past year and a half. I've really
been surprising myself lately."

Her official fastest time at Phillip Island is one minute, 47 seconds.

"I'm aiming for a 1:44 this weekend. I've gone faster than a 1:47.000 at a track
day so I'm feeling good."

Davies will go from this week's assignment to the last round of the VRRC, in
which she sits fourth in the superbike C grade category. She is the reigning
champion.

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2016 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              788 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                Nottingham Post

                             July 14, 2016 Thursday

Bike event to show how to ride safely

SECTION: AGENCY:NEWS; Pg. 8-9

LENGTH: 147  words


MOTORBIKES are involved in 23 percent of road deaths in the East Midlands.

Police motorcyclists from the East Midlands Operational Support Service have
revealed the figures ahead of the national Bikesafe event this Saturday.
Bikesafe is a police-led motorcycle project which aims to stop bikers being hurt
on the roads.

Its annual national show is taking place at Rockingham Speedway Circuit near
Corby, with police riders from all over the UK showing motorcyclists how to ride
safely.

Riders can have their riding assessed on the road by advanced police
motorcyclists and then ride the circuit with a 15-minute track experience.

Officers from the four forces of 'EMOpSS' (Nottinghamshire, Leicestershire,
Lincolnshire and Northamptonshire) also run Bikesafe workshops throughout the
year. The nearest courses to Nottinghamshire are at Grantham Police Station.
Visit: www.bikesafe.co.uk.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2016 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved


                              789 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            Birmingham Evening Mail

                             July 12, 2016 Tuesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Thanks to the amazing NHS. And thanks to LS2 helmets - I think you've saved his
life...;
TEEN BIKER WAKES FROM COMA AND STARTS RESPONDING TO FAMILY'S VOICES AFTER
SUFFERING SERIOUS HEAD INJURY IN PRACTICE LAP CRASH

BYLINE: ALISON STACEY

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 466 words


A SOLIHULL schoolboy motorcycle champion had to be placed in a medically induced
coma after a high-speed collision with another rider.

Caleb Smith, 13, came off his machine during a practice lap at the Snetterton
race circuit in Norfolk on Saturday.

Trackside safety staff rushed to his aid before he was transferred to the
circuit medical centre, where he was found to have a serious head injury.

He was flown by air ambulance to the paediatric intensive care unit of
Addenbrookes Hospital, where medics placed him in an induced coma.

The other rider in the crash, 14-yearold Adam Phipps, from Bridgnorth, escaped
unhurt.

Yesterday, as Caleb awoke from the coma and started responding to his family's
voices, his father Simon Smith said his helmet had almost certainly saved his
life.

"Caleb appears to be making progress, he is off the ventilator and has said a
few words," he said.

"Fingers crossed, we will have good news in the morning. Thanks to everyone for
their kind words and offers of help and support.

"Thanks to the marshals, medics and support staff at the British Superbikes.
Thanks to the air medics and aircrew on the air ambulance.

"Thanks to the amazing NHS. Thanks to LS2 helmets - I think you have saved his
life."

A spokesman for the British Superbikes medical team confirmed yesterday: "No
surgical intervention has been deemed necessary and he is being transferred to a
ward today, where he will remain under observation and assessment, and when
appropriate he will be transferred to a hospital closer to home."

Caleb, one of the rising stars of the sport, was riding along the circuit's
Tyrrells Straight on a 'sighting lap' when the accident happened.

It was the second time he had been injured during the KTM British Junior Cup
event.

On his official Facebook page, dad Simon had announced on Friday: "Caleb crashed
early in qualifying. He has been X-rayed by the excellent medical www.team.No
broken bones fortunately. He is with the physio team now and is on a cooling
machine.

"They are trying to reduce any swelling so he can get out for Race 1 later. Some
good news - despite all this, he qualified in seventh!" Caleb, the North
Gloucester Road Racing Club F125 Champion, signed a two-year deal to race in the
Factory Plant Associates race team starting in April this year.

Hundreds of people posted wellwishes to the young star, after witnessing the
horrifying crash at the Norfolk racetrack.

"Get well soon young man," said Rick Sutcliffe. "Any accident at a meeting is
bad but seems all the more poignant when it's a rider so young. Hope you're back
doing what you love real soon."

Simon Smith, who himself races classic sidecars, said: "Caleb's been racing
since he was six. He absolutely loves the sport, has a natural aptitude for it
and really wants to get as far as he can."

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BMM


               Copyright 2016 Midland Independent Newspapers plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              790 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                   Daily Star

                             April 9, 2016 Saturday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Ace quick off the Marc

BYLINE: DAVE FERN

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 38,39

LENGTH: 206 words


MARC MARQUEZ was quickly up to speed for tomorrow's World MOTOGP third round as
he bids to extend his lead over Valentino Rossi in the title race.

The Repsol Honda rider is the form rider at the Circuit of the Americas, having
won there from pole position in each of his three previous visits.

Marquez took the victory in last Sunday's two-part Argentina race - and caught
the eye in yesterday's opening practice in Texas.

Marquez said: "The feeling is really good now on the bike and this is a circuit
that in the past has been really good for me.

"The pre-season was really, really hard, but we always believe in our
potential."

The former two-time winner of the crown was able to dictate terms, building his
pace from the front and leaving the rest to play catch up.

Marquez put in a best lap of 2m 04.953seconds and that was enough to head off
the challenge of Movistar Yamaha's reigning world champion Jorge Lorenzo by
0.255seconds.

Lorenzo, who had won the opening round in Qatar, needs a positive result in this
race to put him back on course after a rare tumble in Argentina.

He said: "Nobody is perfect. I made this mistake and I will try to learn from it
in the future."

Scott Redding was the top Brit, seventh fastest, just ahead of Rossi.

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DST


                       Copyright 2016 Express Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              791 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                      Times of India (Electronic Edition)

                             March 22, 2016 Tuesday
                                 Mumbai Edition

Bagnaia puts Mahindra on podium

SECTION: TIMES SPORT

LENGTH: 140 words


Aspar Mahindra rider Francesco Bagnaia brought his bike home for a fine third
place in the opening race of the 2016 Moto3 World Championship season at the
Losail International Circuit in Doha on Sunday night. The 19-year-old Italian
had a close battle in an eight-strong pack at the head of the field, on his
MGP3O and managed to finish on the podium.

The new white-liveried Mahindra racer finished just 0.148 behind winner Niccolo
Antonelli's Honda, with Brad Binder's KTM sandwiched between them.

Bagnaia had started the Qatar GP \xAD the first of 18 rounds \xAD from the
fourth row of the grid, and finished the first of 18 laps of the 5.38-km Losail
circuit in seventh position.From there to the end it was an action-packed 38
minutes, with eight riders exchanging blows at every corner, and swerving in and
out of one another's slipstreams.

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              792 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Times (South Africa)

                           January 28, 2016 Thursday
                                   E1 Edition

Timour Hall's hot oil and old leather;
Annual IPA Classic Car and Motorcycle show offers a history lesson for thousands
of fans, both young and old

BYLINE:  Dave Abrahams

SECTION: MOTORING; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 606 words


IN MANY ways the IPA Classic Car and Motorcycle Show, held on the third weekend
of each year at Timour Hall Villa in Plumstead, is a social history platform.

Letting a car-struck 12-year-old peer into the cabin of a car just like the one
Grandad rode in with his father, with its unmistakeable smell of hot oil and old
leather, hearing its fast clattery idle and the "Ah-Ooh-Gah" of its hooter makes
a far deeper impression than any photo album or YouTube video.

Because he simply won't grasp how big a 1930 Bentley Speed Six or a 1940 Packard
is - or how small an 1937 Austin 7 - until he stands next to one.

And any young motocross or short-circuit rider who's helped prepare his
state-of-the art race bike will take one look at a 1914 Douglas and understand
how little basic motorcycle architecture has changed over the past century.

So it was gratifying to see how many children, from toddlers to teens, were
dragging their parents - or grandparents - from display to display, demanding
answers to often very insightful questions, which the proud owners of the cars
and bikes on display were only too happy to supply if their parents couldn't.

The sheer scope of the Classic Car Show takes some getting used to; this year
there were hundreds of cars and motorcycles on display, from the first decade of
the previous century right up to brand-new exotics seldom seen in public, spread
over two days - some original, some modified way beyond their makers' ability to
imagine.

Even the food court in front of the main building, offering a huge variety of
fast foods, was a little overcrowded, the stalls perhaps a little too close
together for comfort - but as all the stall-holders were regulars at Timour Hall
and knew each other, it simply added an extra buzz to the vibe along Cholesterol
Alley.

As always, some of the vehicles - and their owners - stood out, especially the
Bentleys and Roll-Royces of that golden era before the Second World War, Di
Dugmore's magnificent 1932 Chevrolet fire engine and, among the motorcycles, a
pristine and ultra-rare early 1970s Laverda 750 SF and a Suzuki RL250 trials
bike, specially developed for a sport where the object is to ride as slowly as
possible over impossibly difficult terrain without putting a foot down.

The SA Heritage militaria display included a coal-fired German army field
kitchen - known to Wehrmacht soldiers as a 'goulash cannon' - in full working
order - and working flat out providing a variety of takeaway foods.

Quietly tucked away behind some 1940s vintage military vehicles, however, were
two motorcycles - a BMW R1200 GS and a Suzuki 1200 Bandit - that didn't seem to
fit in until you spotted their registration plates.

They belonged to Ilya Dubinin and Iurii Volkov, two members of the Moscow
chapter of the Night Wolves motorcycle club, who had decided to escape the
Russian winter the same way migratory birds do - by riding south for the winter!
And 75 days and a lifetime's worth of adventures later, they were in Cape Town,
preparing to ride the bikes all the way back again.

But while the anoraks were discussing in detail the merits of this model versus
that and reminiscing over the old days - whether good or bad seemed to depend on
how many beers they'd had - the car that seemed to attract the most attention
from the widest range of show visitors was a brand new S&S-engined Morgan
three-wheeler, a delightfully eccentric little sports-car with attitude out of
all proportion to its size and an outrageous Grin Factor.

Which about summed up the 2016 Classic Car Show; everybody, exhibitors and
thousands of visitors alike, seemed to leave with a grin on their face.

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CT


                Copyright 2016 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              793 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                            East Anglian Daily Times

                           November 21, 2015 Saturday

Motocross crash victim 'adored'

BYLINE: PR Page Manager 14

SECTION: ROP

LENGTH: 382 words


Paramedics and first aiders worked for nearly an hour trying to save the life of
a motocross rider after he sustained serious injuries in a crash earlier this
year.

Tomas Pattison was competing in an event at Blaxhall Circuit on September 13
when his bike landed badly following a jump.



At an inquest yesterday at the Active Business Centre in Bury St Edmunds, the
court heard how the crash happened around 12.30pm.

Mr Pattison, a 23-year-old from Beccles, was said to be a regular rider at the
circuit where he was competing in the Eastern Centre Motocross Championship.

Reading out a statement from police officers who attended the scene, assistant
county coroner Yvonne Blake said Blaxhall Circuit had been operating for more
than 50 years and had only previously seen one fatal accident at the venue.

She said 40 riders were competing in the event that weekend but no-one else was
involved in the crash.

The crash happened on the part of the track known as The Sandpit.

Mr Pattison came over a jump and separated from his bike after landing on the
front wheel.

He then hit the ground head first before sliding motionless down the hill
followed by the bike, the statement continued.

The court heard how marshals immediately took control of the scene and called
the police and paramedics both at the circuit and from the East of England
Ambulance Service. An air ambulance was also sent to the scene. Ms Blake also
told the court how the track was in good condition, the event was fully licensed
and all the bikes and rider safety equipment, including Mr Pattison's, had been
carefully checked before competing.

A statement from Stephen Richards, a team leader for the medics at the track,
said it was clear Mr Pattison had suffered major internal injuries as blood was
seen coming from his mouth constantly.

Emergency surgery was performed on Mr Pattison at the scene and it was found he
had blood in his lungs.

Ms Blake read out a statement from Mr Pattison's mother-in-law who said his
family were extremely proud of him and adored by his parents. She added they
were all supportive of him competing in motocross and he left behind his wife
and a three-year-old daughter.

Recording her conclusion into his death Ms Blake said Mr Pattison had died as a
result of multiple injuries following the crash.

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EAD


                    Copyright 2015 Archant Regional Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              794 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                   Daily Star

                            August 1, 2015 Saturday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

BROOKES SHAKES IT UP

BYLINE: DAVE FERN

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 42

LENGTH: 199 words


JOSH BROOKES stepped up the pressure on his British Superbike rival Shane
'Shakey' Byrne by dominating free practice ahead of tomorrow's round at
Thruxton.

The Aussie closed within five points of Byrne with a double victory last time
out at Brands Hatch and is geared up for more of the same.

Brookes powered his Milwaukee Yamaha Brookes to the top of the time sheets in
both sessions with his best lap of the Hampshire circuit a run of 1m 15.364secs,
almost half a second faster than Byrne.

He said: "I'm pretty happy with the first day's work. We started off with the
setting used at Brands Hatch but were not where we expected to be. We made
changes to suit this circuit and that improved the bike a lot."

American former MotoGP rider John Hopkins, making his second appearance on the
Lloyds British Moto Rapido Ducati in place of the injured Jakub Smrz, closed to
within 0.161secs of Brookes.

¦ JONATHAN Rea, the runaway leader in the World Superbike title race, has his
work cut out at Sepang if he is to clinch the crown in tomorrow's Malaysian
round.

The Kawasaki rider ran third fastest in morning practice but was dogged by
mechanical issues before a torrential downpour limited his track time.

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: FAST SHOW: Brookes in action

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DST


                       Copyright 2015 Express Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              795 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                Falmouth Packet

                            March 12, 2015 Thursday

CYCLING: Puncture blows victory chance for Alderman

SECTION: SPORT

LENGTH: 427 words


FALMOUTH cyclist Jake Alderman missed out on winning the inaugural
Dales-Velotive Road Race in Leedstown after suffering a blow-out on Sunday
afternoon, writes Sam Moore.

The 20-year-old looked strong as he broke away from the drop of the flag,
putting considerable distance between him and the main group of riders.

By the end of the first two laps of the ten mile circuit Alderman had achieved
an impressive gap of one minute and ten seconds from the chasing peloton, but
this came to a sad end when a front puncture put an end to his race.

Despite his misfortune, Alderman tried to remain upbeat when reflecting on the
race.

Alderman said: "My legs were feeling good, I didn't fully commit because I was
hoping that a couple of guys would come across [to help me] with about 40 miles
to go and if we could get something working we might have stayed away.

"But with the puncture, that was it, race over, but that's bike racing."

The race was eventually won by Welshman Andrew Williams from the Cwncarn Paragon
team with the 24-year-old rider securing victory from a three-man splinter
group, beating Dexter Hurlock, Easton-RITT, and Tanks Direct Cycling's Kelvin
Price.

It was Williams' first ever race in Cornwall but he felt that the long journey
was worth it.

"I was shocked really," he said.

"I seemed to go well in wet conditions and it was completely mucky out there.

"The course was great, quite undulating with a few climbs in there and I would
come down again."

The 60-strong starting line-up consisted of fourth, third, and second category
riders from across the South West.

They were met with persistent drizzle and wet roads for the first in a series of
three races sponsored by the Newquay-based businesses Dales motors and Velotive
bike shop.

The ten mile circuit circumnavigated Leedstown and Praze-an-Beeble, the same
route used for the Leedstown time trials.

"What this race is about is trying to bring [road] racing to Cornwall," said
Simon Peters, Director at Dales Motors.

"We've lost the use of the closed circuit at Perranporth [airfield], which has
been a huge blow.

"Road racing in Cornwall has always been difficult because nobody ever really
wants to step up to the mark and put it on."

Co-owner of Velotive Jenny Craven, 29, agreed. "This is the perfect platform to
allow both visitors to enjoy racing in the beauty of our county and to also show
off some of our amazing athletes," he said.

"The full field today shows just how much we can grow this for the future."

The next race in the Dales-Velotive road race series will take place on Sunday
28 June.

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              796 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               Swindon Advertiser

                            March 12, 2015 Thursday

MOTORSPORT: Cook whips up a piece of history

SECTION: SPORT

LENGTH: 259 words


YOUNG Swindon speedster Max Cook created a piece of history at the weekend by
becoming the first newcomer to win three races at their first Aprilia Superteens
Challenge event.

The 12-year-old claimed the chequered flag in three of the four races in the
championship's first round at Brands Hatch.

Isambard school pupil Cook also secured the fastest lap and was named as the
marshals' rider of weekend, while his performance also saw him sign up with KJD
Racing after the meet.

Cook's father, Adam, said: "Max has been racing for the last four years but we
went there with no expectations as it's a big step up to racing big bikes on big
circuits.

"For him to go out and ride like he did was unbelievable, really. It was a dream
weekend."

The Superteen Challenge is a championship for young racers aged between 12 and
19 and is seen as first step to professional circuit racing.

Previous competitors include two-time MotoGP world champion Casey Stoner, as
well as current riders Bradley Smith and Cal Crutchlow.

Cook has ridden motorbikes since the age of six and started racing two years
later, beginning in Mini Motos where he won the novice championship in his first
year.

Cook Snr added: "Max has got a quiet confidence. He doesn't really let on a lot
and is quite cool, whereas I think I go through all the nerves for him.

"He just absolutely loves what he does. That's the big thing with him. If he's
having fun, then he can go out a ride like he did last weekend."

Cook returns to action at round two of Superteens Challenge at Donnington Park
on April 11-12.

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              797 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        Manawatu Standard (New Zealand)

                            February 20, 2015 Friday

Americans strengthen grip on tour

BYLINE: GEORGE HEAGNEY

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 23

LENGTH: 214 words


The United States national team's dominant start to the Women's Tour of New
Zealand in Wairarapa continued after they cleaned up stage two of the tour
yesterday.

Lauren Hall has taken the leader's jersey after winning the 125km stage from
Masterton to Martinborough and back.

It was a bunch finish, but Hall, the team's sprinter, put the hammer down and
crossed the line with the narrowest of leads.

That gives the woman from Mississippi a one-second lead over her team-mates
Megan Guarnier, Lauren Komanski, Tayler Wiles and defending champion Evelyn
Stevens, who make up the top five, a repeat of day one.

Guarnier, who was the leader after the team time trial on day one, took the
Queen of the Mountains category and the sprint ace jersey.

A couple of Japanese riders crashed and were taken to hospital, but their
injuries weren't serious.

Race director Jorge Sandoval said today's stage, which is 130km, including nine
laps of a 12km circuit outside Masterton, would be the telling day, but teams
will really lift the intensity tomorrow and Sunday.

Yesterday riders went to Martinborough and did two laps of a 6km circuit, then
returned to Masterton through undulating terrain, but there were no major hills.

Stage four tomorrow is 106km, starting in Masterton and finishing atop Admiral
Hill.

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2015 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                              798 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                  The Northern Echo (Newsquest Regional Press)

                           January 21, 2015 Wednesday

Full route announced for the newest top cycling event - the Tour de Yorkshire

BYLINE: Mark Foster

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 252 words


THE world's top cyclists will be hurtling through some of the most spectacular
landscapes in the country in Britain's newest international race.

The full route of the inaugural Tour de Yorkshire has been announced today -
taking in a total of 515km - 320 miles - over three days of competition.

Day one on May 1 will see the riders, from all over the world, start in
Bridlington and follow a circuit that will finish further up the coast at
Scarborough.

The riders will head along the Flamborough Head Heritage Coast before turning
into the North York Moors National Park, through Dalby Forest and towards
Pickering.

They will then take a spectacular journey back to the coast at Whitby, and then
south for a tough climb to Robin Hood's Bay with the ultimate race to the finish
line on the seafront at Scarborough.

Day two will see the race start outside Selby Abbey and will take the peloton
towards Market Weighton, through North Newbald and on to Beverley, where they
will turn north to Malton, then on to Stamford Bridge.

Spectators will then have the chance to see a circuit of York where organisers
are hoping for a dramatic finish in the city - which witnessed incredible scenes
during the 2014 Grand Depart of the Tour de France.

The final day, May 3, will start in Wakefield and head south to Barnsley before
taking a circular route, via Holmfirth, Hebden Bridge and Haworth, to the finish
in Leeds.

The race will be shown live on television in the UK and across Europe and a huge
television audience is expected

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              799 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                Boston Standard

                             August 22, 2014 Friday

Cadwell is calling Wilson

LENGTH: 220  words


Ben Wilson is hoping that home comforts will help him get back on track this
Bank Holiday weekend.

The Kirton rider will return to the British Superbike championships at
Lincolnshire circuit Cadwell Park.

Wilson had a torrid time in the previous round as he was withdrawn from the
three races by Gearlink Kawasaki when the machine became unstable.

But there is hope for the rider as he prepares for the Party in the Park round
on his home track.

The bike has been stripped down and rebuilt over the past two weeks in an effort
to solve the problems that have plagued the team for the majority of the races
this year.

Wilson has had a couple of test sessions to make sure the bike is on good form
for his two races on home tarmac this weekend.

The weekend begins with two free practice sessions on Saturday, one at 10.10am
and the other at 3.30pm.

On Sunday there is a third free practice session at 10.10am ahead of the
three-stage qualifying laps at 4.05pm.

Bank Holiday Monday sees Wilson take part in the 15-minute warm-up to make sure
all is well for the two races, the first of which is at 1pm and takes in 18 laps
of the picturesque Cadwell circuit.

The second race is scheduled for 4.30pm over the same race distance.

As per the norm Sunday's qualifying and Monday's two races will be screened live
by British Eurosport 2.

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MBSP


                       Copyright 2014 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              800 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                 Carrick Times

                            August 14, 2014 Thursday

Irwin excited to make Ulster GP debut

BYLINE: Maurice Montgomery

LENGTH: 531  words


East Antrim's Glenn Irwin is gearing up to compete in his first-ever road race -
the Ulster Grand Prix.

The young Gearlink Kawasaki rider is relishing the thought of lining up under
the Joey Dunlop grandstand for the first time to compete in Thursday and
Saturday's supertwins races.

The adrenalin levels are sure to be high as he heads off down the flying kilo
for the first time.

"I'm really excited at the prospect of riding the Dundrod circuit," said the
Carrick man. "It will be a couple of firsts in a way as, apart from the circuit,
I have never ridden a 650 either. But, at the end of the day, it is a motorbike
with two wheels, an engine and Pirelli tyres. If it is quick enough, I will be
good enough."

How does he view the whole experience?

"I will treat Dundrod with the respect it deserves but I am there to race. I
suppose the whole thing will hit me when I get there but, as I said earlier, I
am looking forward to it and I would like to thank, not only Noel Johnston and
Robbie Sylvester, but my long-time sponsor MET Healthcare for making one of my
racing dreams come true."

Another East Antrim prospect, Jamie Hamilton, will have to sit out this year's
Ulster GP.

The 23-year-old Ballyclare rider was one of the pre-race favorites for the
supertwins race, having finished runner-up in 2013.

After four wins at the Bush Road races followed by his double at Skerries, he
was expected to be up there with the front-runners in the supersport, superstock
and superbike events at the Dundrod 150 and Ulster Grand Prix.

Unfortunately, his crash in the Skerries Grand Final has meant that no matter
how hard he tried to regain full fitness it hasn't happened and he has had to
withdraw  under doctor's orders.

"I have done everything I could to make the Ulster," said Hamilton. "I even rode
at the Armoy races but at the end of racing I was in great pain with my leg and
had to be readmitted to hospital for further treatment. I then saw a consultant
who told me  I needed to rest and the Ulster Grand Prix was not on the agenda.

"I am gutted, but I will have to take his advice and sit this one out. I might
go and spectate, but it's not the same."

The Ulster GP and Dundrod 150 have all the ingredients for superb racing. The
entry reads like a who's who of road racing. Topping the list must be Michael
Dunlop on the factory BMW superbike, while Tyco Suzuki's Guy Martin will also
have a big say.

Martin's team-mate, William Dunlop, says Dundrod is his favourite race track and
would love nothing better than to put one over his brother in the superbike
races.

Bruce Anstey, the fastest man ever around the Dundrod circuit, will ride the
Padgetts Honda and can't be ruled out of the rostrum positions and along with
Dean Harrison, Ian Hutchinson and Keith Amor to name but a few.

Noel Johnston, Clerk of the Course at the Ulster Grand Prix said: "It's great to
see riders like Glenn Irwin and Danny Webb, who traditionally only compete on
short circuits, trying their hand at road racing. I think this year's lineup
shows how strong the sport is today. To see riders with not only British but
world championship experience lining up at Dundrod will be a real treat for
spectators."

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: INCT


                       Copyright 2014 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              801 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                  Larne Times

                            August 14, 2014 Thursday

Irwin excited to make Ulster GP debut

BYLINE: Maurice Montgomery

LENGTH: 531  words


East Antrim's Glenn Irwin is gearing up to compete in his first-ever road race -
the Ulster Grand Prix.

The young Gearlink Kawasaki rider is relishing the thought of lining up under
the Joey Dunlop grandstand for the first time to compete in Thursday and
Saturday's supertwins races.

The adrenalin levels are sure to be high as he heads off down the flying kilo
for the first time.

"I'm really excited at the prospect of riding the Dundrod circuit," said the
Carrick man. "It will be a couple of firsts in a way as, apart from the circuit,
I have never ridden a 650 either. But, at the end of the day, it is a motorbike
with two wheels, an engine and Pirelli tyres. If it is quick enough, I will be
good enough."

How does he view the whole experience?

"I will treat Dundrod with the respect it deserves but I am there to race. I
suppose the whole thing will hit me when I get there but, as I said earlier, I
am looking forward to it and I would like to thank, not only Noel Johnston and
Robbie Sylvester, but my long-time sponsor MET Healthcare for making one of my
racing dreams come true."

Another East Antrim prospect, Jamie Hamilton, will have to sit out this year's
Ulster GP.

The 23-year-old Ballyclare rider was one of the pre-race favorites for the
supertwins race, having finished runner-up in 2013.

After four wins at the Bush Road races followed by his double at Skerries, he
was expected to be up there with the front-runners in the supersport, superstock
and superbike events at the Dundrod 150 and Ulster Grand Prix.

Unfortunately, his crash in the Skerries Grand Final has meant that no matter
how hard he tried to regain full fitness it hasn't happened and he has had to
withdraw  under doctor's orders.

"I have done everything I could to make the Ulster," said Hamilton. "I even rode
at the Armoy races but at the end of racing I was in great pain with my leg and
had to be readmitted to hospital for further treatment. I then saw a consultant
who told me  I needed to rest and the Ulster Grand Prix was not on the agenda.

"I am gutted, but I will have to take his advice and sit this one out. I might
go and spectate, but it's not the same."

The Ulster GP and Dundrod 150 have all the ingredients for superb racing. The
entry reads like a who's who of road racing. Topping the list must be Michael
Dunlop on the factory BMW superbike, while Tyco Suzuki's Guy Martin will also
have a big say.

Martin's team-mate, William Dunlop, says Dundrod is his favourite race track and
would love nothing better than to put one over his brother in the superbike
races.

Bruce Anstey, the fastest man ever around the Dundrod circuit, will ride the
Padgetts Honda and can't be ruled out of the rostrum positions and along with
Dean Harrison, Ian Hutchinson and Keith Amor to name but a few.

Noel Johnston, Clerk of the Course at the Ulster Grand Prix said: "It's great to
see riders like Glenn Irwin and Danny Webb, who traditionally only compete on
short circuits, trying their hand at road racing. I think this year's lineup
shows how strong the sport is today. To see riders with not only British but
world championship experience lining up at Dundrod will be a real treat for
spectators."

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: INLT


                       Copyright 2014 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              802 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                               Newtownabbey Times

                            August 14, 2014 Thursday

Irwin excited to make Ulster GP debut

BYLINE: Maurice Montgomery

LENGTH: 531  words


East Antrim's Glenn Irwin is gearing up to compete in his first-ever road race -
the Ulster Grand Prix.

The young Gearlink Kawasaki rider is relishing the thought of lining up under
the Joey Dunlop grandstand for the first time to compete in Thursday and
Saturday's supertwins races.

The adrenalin levels are sure to be high as he heads off down the flying kilo
for the first time.

"I'm really excited at the prospect of riding the Dundrod circuit," said the
Carrick man. "It will be a couple of firsts in a way as, apart from the circuit,
I have never ridden a 650 either. But, at the end of the day, it is a motorbike
with two wheels, an engine and Pirelli tyres. If it is quick enough, I will be
good enough."

How does he view the whole experience?

"I will treat Dundrod with the respect it deserves but I am there to race. I
suppose the whole thing will hit me when I get there but, as I said earlier, I
am looking forward to it and I would like to thank, not only Noel Johnston and
Robbie Sylvester, but my long-time sponsor MET Healthcare for making one of my
racing dreams come true."

Another East Antrim prospect, Jamie Hamilton, will have to sit out this year's
Ulster GP.

The 23-year-old Ballyclare rider was one of the pre-race favorites for the
supertwins race, having finished runner-up in 2013.

After four wins at the Bush Road races followed by his double at Skerries, he
was expected to be up there with the front-runners in the supersport, superstock
and superbike events at the Dundrod 150 and Ulster Grand Prix.

Unfortunately, his crash in the Skerries Grand Final has meant that no matter
how hard he tried to regain full fitness it hasn't happened and he has had to
withdraw  under doctor's orders.

"I have done everything I could to make the Ulster," said Hamilton. "I even rode
at the Armoy races but at the end of racing I was in great pain with my leg and
had to be readmitted to hospital for further treatment. I then saw a consultant
who told me  I needed to rest and the Ulster Grand Prix was not on the agenda.

"I am gutted, but I will have to take his advice and sit this one out. I might
go and spectate, but it's not the same."

The Ulster GP and Dundrod 150 have all the ingredients for superb racing. The
entry reads like a who's who of road racing. Topping the list must be Michael
Dunlop on the factory BMW superbike, while Tyco Suzuki's Guy Martin will also
have a big say.

Martin's team-mate, William Dunlop, says Dundrod is his favourite race track and
would love nothing better than to put one over his brother in the superbike
races.

Bruce Anstey, the fastest man ever around the Dundrod circuit, will ride the
Padgetts Honda and can't be ruled out of the rostrum positions and along with
Dean Harrison, Ian Hutchinson and Keith Amor to name but a few.

Noel Johnston, Clerk of the Course at the Ulster Grand Prix said: "It's great to
see riders like Glenn Irwin and Danny Webb, who traditionally only compete on
short circuits, trying their hand at road racing. I think this year's lineup
shows how strong the sport is today. To see riders with not only British but
world championship experience lining up at Dundrod will be a real treat for
spectators."

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: INNT


                       Copyright 2014 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              803 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                               Spalding Guardian

                            August 12, 2014 Tuesday

Bomber' living the dream

LENGTH: 187  words


Christian Slater will be competing at this year's Manx GP.

The Donington-based rider will compete in the Newcomers' A race on the
world-famous Isle of Man course on August 25.

He will then test his Kawasaki ZX6 in the Seniors' Race four days later.

This is a dream come true for Slater - nicknamed Bomber - who has been racing
for more than a decade, and has always wanted to tackle the TT course.

The Manx GP is now in its 91st year, after being created for riders not eligible
to race in the Isle of Man TT.

Slater - who heads off to the Isle of Man tomorrow - has visited the course on
three separate occasions to prepare for the event.

The most recent visit allowed him to tour the 37.73-mile circuit on a road bike
and in a hired car and he has now completed 29 laps of the circuit.

The CS Racing Team were also in attendance to enable them to understand what was
required in readiness for the event.

His bike has been built and supplied by KS Performance of Hucknall and
sponsorship is coming from P&P Racing of Doncaster.

Thirty-three-year-old Christian's main sponsor for the Manx has come from
Holbeach's Masseys Garage.

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MSGP


                       Copyright 2014 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              804 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                Boston Standard

                            August 7, 2014 Thursday

Slater set for the Manx GP

LENGTH: 188  words


Christian Slater will be competing at this year's Manx GP.

The Donington-based rider will compete in the Newcomers' A race on the
world-famous Isle of Man course on August 25.

He will then test his Kawasaki ZX6 in the Seniors' Race four days later.

This is a dream come true for Slater - nicknamed Bomber - who has been racing
for more than a decade, and has always wanted to tackle the TT course.

The Manx GP is now in its 91st year, after being created for riders not eligible
to race in the Isle of Man TT.

Slater - who heads off to the Isle of Man next Wednesday - has visited the
course on three separate occasions to prepare for the event.

The most recent visit allowed him to tour the 37.73-mile circuit on a road bike
and in a hired car and he has now completed 29 laps of the circuit.

The CS Racing Team were also in attendance to enable them to understand what was
required in readiness for the event.

His bike has been built and supplied by KS Performance of Hucknall and
sponsorship is coming from P&P Racing of Doncaster.

Thirty-three-year-old Christian's main sponsor for the Manx has come from
Holbeach's Masseys Garage.

LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MBSP


                       Copyright 2014 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              805 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                   Gulf Times

                              June 29, 2014 Sunday

Ramos doing well; might bring in top rider next season: QMMF prez

LENGTH: 160  words


While Roman Ramos did well to not crash despite riding outside his comfort zone
on a damp Assen circuit and finish 19th, QMMF president Nasser Khalifa
al-Attiyah has said that he hopes the 2013 Spanish CEV Championship winner
springs up a surprise of a performance soon.

"Ramos is a beginner. He needs time to learn the circuits from around the world.
He is performing well, going for positions. All he needs to do is race with
confidence and prove with results. We give him all the support he needs and if
he can surprise us like Anthony does, that would be great," al-Attiyah told Gulf
Times yesterday.

"We will look into his performances at the end of the year and decide on the
future."

He added that the team might look into roping in a top rider for the next season
to be able to compete with the big boys in the category. "If we can have two
strong riders, it would do well for our campaign," he said, not commenting on
the names on his mind.

(Syndigate.info).

LOAD-DATE: June 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 183


                      Copyright 2014 Gulf Times Newspaper
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              806 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                             Gainsborough Standard

                             May 7, 2014 Wednesday

Road Club pens sponsorship deal for racing prize fund

LENGTH: 346  words


Trent Valley Road Club has agreed a deal with a local cycle store to set up a
prize fund for their major competitions.

The Cycle Barn in Misterton started trading only a short time ago and has become
the go to' shop for advice, bikes and cycling apparel for the club members.

Last week the shop became proud sponsor of the clubs three major leagues that
will bare its name.

A prize fund of £500 is to be divided between the two Tuesday evening time trial
leagues and the bi weekly Thursday night circuit race league.

Ben Jaggard-Smith, owner and manager of the Cycle Barn explained his decision to
get involved with Trent Valley Road Club.

He said: "This is a fantastic opportunity for the shop to put something back in
to the sport and hopefully encourage more people off the couch and on to their
bikes."

Tuesday night's Cycle Barn Time Trial league continued in fine form with some
fantastic times from club members and guest riders.

On Wednesday 30th April Justin Atkinson and Shaun Pycroft tested the Barton Deep
Dale TLI open road race.

Pycroft managed to join the first break of the race as it went up the road and
stayed in contention until the last lap when the leaders pushed hard opening a
gap of around two minutes between them and the main group.

Atkinson was caught short, he missed the break and was dropped, pulling up after
two laps.

The Cycle Barn Circuit race league got off to a fantastic start on 31st April.

James Vickers took the scratch race to hand and pushed hard in the first lap
creating a break away of four riders.

TVRC's Michael Adlington also made his way into the group.

On the final lap it looked set to be a four way sprint but Adlington crashed out
on the second to last corner leaving Vickers to out sprint the remaining two
Lincs Wheelers riders for first place.

Pycroft stayed strong from the gun to take maximum points in the handicap race.

For the full results of the TLI Circuit League and for more information on the
club's competitive and non competitive events and their partners please visit
www.trentvalleyroadclub.co.uk or find them on Facebook.

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NGAS


                       Copyright 2014 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              807 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Zealand Herald

                           September 30, 2013 Monday

Cycling: Rui Costa wins road title

SECTION: SPORT; General

LENGTH: 761 words


Rui Costa of Portugal prevailed over a star-studded field to win a grueling road
race at the cycling world championships Sunday, edging Joaquin Rodriguez of
Spain in a two-man sprint finish.

Rodriguez attacked several times in the final lap of a hilly circuit but Rui
Costa caught him in the finishing straight and easily won the sprint for the
biggest victory of his career.

In the final kilometre, Rodriguez turned around and said something to Rui Costa.

"He told me to pass him," Rui Costa said after putting on the rainbow jersey.
"Obviously I didn't want to pass him. Then it was just a tactical game. I was
just hoping my legs wouldn't fail me and they didn't."

Rui Costa clocked 7 hours, 25 minutes, 44 seconds over the marathon-like
272-kilometre route to become the first Portuguese winner in the race's 86-year
history.

The 26-year-old Rui Costa has won three stages at the Tour de France, one in
2011 and two this year, and he also won the Tour de Suisse this year and last.

Rodriguez crossed with the same time and Alejandro Valverde of Spain edged local
favorite Vincenzo Nibali of Italy for third, 15 seconds behind.

"The only thing that counts is to win and I didn't win today," Rodriguez said.
"Rui Costa had had the race of his life."

Rui Costa, whose full name is Rui Alberto Faria Da Costa, has been a teammate of
Valverde's on the Movistar trade team but he will join Lampre next year.

It was Valverde's record fifth podium but he has still never won.

"I'm not happy with third now but I think later I will be, and also with
Purito's (Rodriguez's) silver. It was a good day for Spain," Valverde said.
"Although I would be happier with gold."

The course started in Lucca near the coast and ended with 10 laps of a difficult
16.6-kilometre circuit in and around Florence.

For more than six hours, heavy rain fell. But the sun eventually came out and
dried the course for the final lap.

Still, the conditions resulted in only 61 of 208 riders finishing.

The circuit's highlights were one long climb, a 4.4-kilometre ascent to the
scenic town of Fiesole with an average gradient of 5 per cent, then after a
brief but technical descent another short but steep climb of 600 metres with
gradients as high as 16 per cent.

With the constant climbing and descending, some riders compared it to a
roller-coaster...

Despite the rain, fans turned out in large numbers, especially when riders
passed by Florence's Duomo cathedral and wound their way through the city's
medieval streets.

Five riders broke away from the pack soon after the start and established a lead
of 7 minutes at one point. But the main pack began to pick up the pace as it
entered the circuit and of the original five Bartosz Huzarski (Poland), Rafaa
Chtioui (Tunisia), Yonder Godoy (Venezuela), Matthias Brandle (Austria) and Jan
Barta (Czech Republic) only Barta and Huzarski were left in front after five
laps.

Huzarski was the lone leader when Italy's Giovanni Visconti caught up with him
during the eighth lap but they were both then quickly swallowed by the chasing
pack.

A group of about 50 riders was in the lead entering the final lap. Then the
attacks began, first by Italy's Michele Scarponi on the Fiesole climb, then by
Nibali, and finally with Rodriguez and Rui Costa.

Pre-race favorites Peter Sagan and Fabian Cancellara couldn't respond to
Scarponi's attack and were dropped. Sagan finished sixth and Cancellara was
10th, each 34 seconds behind.

With riders not permitted to wear two-way radios, they were advised of their
status by team helpers along the side of the road holding up info boards, like
in Formula One.

There were several crashes. One, on the second lap of the circuit, forced 2009
winner Cadel Evans of Australia to withdraw. Also, Rigoberto Uran of Colombia
crashed hard on the final lap.

It was a race to forget for what was considered a strong British team featuring
the last two Tour de France winners, Bradley Wiggins and Chris Froome, plus
sprinting standout Mark Cavendish.

Of the eight British starters, none finished.

"Bad day for me today," Froome tweeted. "Really tough circuit under these
conditions."

Also, it was announced that Jonathan Tiernan-Locke, who withdrew from the
British team earlier this week, was notified by the UCI of a potential
discrepancy in his biological passport data.

The American squad also had big aspirations, with recent Spanish Vuelta winner
Chris Horner and Tejay van Garderen leading the way, but Alex Howes in 31st and
Peter Stetina in 37th, both 2:01 behind, were the only US finishers.

Next year's worlds will be held in Ponferrada, Spain.

-AP

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 The New Zealand Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              808 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                Ballymena Times

                           September 3, 2013 Tuesday

Silver for Connor at The Hedges' Ulster Road Race Championships

LENGTH: 806  words


Ballymoney CC promoted the 2013 Ulster Road Race Championships on the "Dark
Hedges" circuit at Stranocum on Sunday.

The circuit has been described as one of the best in Ireland, winding through
the lush green Co Antrim countryside, racing at neck break speed through "The
Park" with its narrow Flemish style lanes, passing through the most photographed
natural phenomena in Northern Ireland, the "Dark Hedges" and through the sleepy
village of Stranocum, where the finish line is located.

Ballymena Road Club - Chain Reaction Cycles - riders were well represented with
Connor Young the most successful present. Connor repeated his achievement of
last season, on the same circuit, by taking second place and the silver medal in
the junior category.

Claire Gillespie finished in an excellent fifth place in the women's
championship; this was a fitting result for Claire at the end of her first
racing season. Amy Brice won the ladies championship.

The veterans' title race was won by Brian Stewart (Phoenix) in 2 hours 39
minutes 28 seconds. Ballymena's best finisher was Chris Beattie in eleventh
place just two seconds behind Stewart. Clifford Grant, Michael Carroll and Ryan
Currie all came in with this group at 2 seconds; they finished 21st 22nd and
23rd respectively.

Michael Carroll came in for special mention for his efforts in the veterans'
race, having been away for over a lap along with Kevin Lynch (Newry).

Afterwards Michael explained. "The veterans race ended in a bunch sprint won by
Brian Stewart of Phoenix, we were all there, with Chris best in eleventh place
and the rest of us about 20th or so, we all had a go at different times in a
break."

"I was away with a Newry rider for more than one lap but we got caught with just
over a lap to go; it was a tough race with the wind and type of course making it
hard."

"I thought we might have stayed away but we would have needed 4 or 5 in the
break to make it work. BRC all rode very well today and tried hard. Hopefully I
can try to improve the sprinting for next year," added Michael.

SUPER SIX'

The final round of the Ernie Magwood Super 6 Time Trial League took place on
Saturday morning at a very windy Woodgreen. As forecast, the rain stayed away,
that's six dry rounds this year, and the air temperature was good, but the wind
picked up on cue, with a harder return leg and also a solid crosswind at the
mid-point of the course.

This slowed everyone's times considerably but race winner Marcus Christie still
managed to record 18 minutes 59 seconds (that's 31.6 mph)

Second on the day was top road racer Frazer Duncan with 20.29. He beat series
winner John Heverin by just one second, Laura Maxwell (Roe Valley) won the
women's league.

Series organiser David Heagney was full of praise for a small army of helpers
and included BRC members Martin McKernan, Murray Young and Gordon Parker on his
thank you list and also Ballymena Road Club for coordinating to avoid clashes of
dates.

FUN TOURS

Ballymena Road Club - Chain Reaction Cycles - are scheduled to commence their
Autumn and Winter series of fun cycle tours on Saturday 7th September, from Rex
Bonar House at 9.30am.

Once again the tours will receive support from Ballymena Borough Council who
will host a presentation at the end of the series.

The normal well tried and tested format will continue for this year's series.

The participants will be divided into at least two groups with the more
experienced riders scheduled to cover about 50 miles on their tour.

Club members will welcome newcomers to the touring section's group where the
average speed will be kept to around 15mph.

The minimum age of the participants is set at 13 years and all those under 16
must be accompanied by a parent, guardian or other nominated adult. Certificates
and medals will be awarded to the successful participants with five tours
earning bronze, eight for silver while eleven wins gold.

Participants are advised that crash helmets must be worn. They are also advised
to dress appropriately for the weather conditions and to bring a rain jacket,
spare tube, food and money. It goes without saying that bikes must be fully road
worthy. There is a minimum one off entry fee of £5 to cover the fun tour series
with the donations going to the Chernobyl children's appeal NI.

Sunday 8th September. Ballymena Road Club's touring section will hold their
final "away for the day tour" when their, "last resort", tour of the harbours
will leave from the duck pond in Ballymoney, the starting time will be 10am.
This end of season tour is very popular and is ridden at a moderate pace. The
route will include Balnamore, Mountsandel, Coleraine, Portstewart, Portrush,
Portballintrae, Dunseverick, Port Bradddan and Ballintoy, where there is a tea
stop at the harbour.

Then it's on to Ballycastle and the inland route via Mosside and Dervock to
Ballymoney.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: INBT


                       Copyright 2013 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              809 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                  Melton Times

                           August 28, 2013 Wednesday

Metaltek takes on top UK teams in Vale of Belvoir GP

LENGTH: 347  words


MELTON'S professional cycling team produced another great performance in their
own promotion, the Metaltek GP, on Monday.

The 80-strong field took on six laps of the Harby circuit which was used for the
British Time Trial Championships last September.

Beginning at Belvoir Castle, the riders immediately got up to speed and on the
fast approach to Harby, a group of six eased off the front of the bunch.

All major UK teams were represented in the bunch with Metaltek's man of the
moment Chris Bartlett representing the blue and yellow at the front.

The group, which also contained Greenwood (IGSigma), Williamson (Node4),
Bialoblocki (UK Youth), Stewart (Team Raleigh) and English (RaphaCondor JLT),
were never to be seen again by the peloton.

Finding the circuit to their liking, they built a maximum lead of 3min 50secs
before the bunch began to react with just two of the six circuits to go.

Against expectation, the bunch split into three distinct groups on the fast Long
Lane before the climb. Rhys Lloyd made the next selection on the road in a group
of about 15 with Dale Appleby and Will Fox in the next group of 10.

Williamson and Bialoblocki attacked through the bell to pull clear of their four
breakaway companions, and on the run-in to Harby for the last time, the UK Youth
rider gapped Williamson and set off up the final ascent of Harby Hill for a 1min
18secs margin over the Node4 rider.

Bartlett came home in fifth, happy after a very successful weekend of racing
with victories at Darley Moor on Saturday and Middlewich, in Cheshire on Sunday.

Lloyd made the next selection and finished 10th while Appleby bridged well on
the last climb to finish 16th.

Will Fox and Ben Stockdale were also not too far behind in 25th and 28th, while
2013 Rutland-Melton Cicle Classic winner Ian Wilkinson finished 34th.

Metaltek team boss and race organiser Andy Swain said: "This result is pretty
special considering the UK UCI Teams are in serious preparation for next month's
Tour of Britain.

"The fact Ian Wilkinson finished in 34th gives you an idea of the level of
talent on show."

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MMTP


                       Copyright 2013 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              810 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                              Gloucestershire Echo

                             July 6, 2013 Saturday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Strong man Doyle makes big splash at racecourse mudbath

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 40

LENGTH: 567 words


COMPETITORS battled it out in damp conditions in the first round of this year's
Leisure Lakes Bikes Circuit Series 40km race.

The testing circuit ensured a thrilling race as riders aggressively attacked the
sharp climb to the finish line on each lap.

It was soon apparent that one rider was in control - Crispin Doyle of Hargroves
Cycles.

A previous winner at the series, Doyle knew the circuit well and attacked early
on the hardest part of the circuit.

County riders Harry Walton (Cheltenham and County CC), Wayne Coombs (Winchcombe
CC) and Tom Marshal (Velo Club Montpellier) all attempted to bridge the gap to
leader.

But as the race progressed, it was evident Doyle was able to use his strength to
maintain an unassailable lead.

Coombs fought particularly hard throughout the race and it was largely as a
result of his efforts that the remaining peloton split, leaving riders in small
groups across the circuit.

Marshal, of promoting club Velo Club Montpellier, looked strong in the early
stages but a puncture put an end to his quest for glory.

As the race reached its finale, Doyle crossed the finish line alone, allowing
him to take time to celebrate his win.

Coombs was edged into third place behind Ewen Mcdonald of the Hereford-based
NFTO Race Team. County Cycling Club also promoted the youth racing which
preceded the senior race at the racecourse. The wet evening failed to deter the
young stars of the future, with 28 riders competing across the various age
categories.

Both the Cheltenham and County Cycling Club and Stratford CC fielded strong
teams. The individual youth category winners were: Jack Mattock (Under-16 boys),
Claire Neil (Stratford CC, Under-16 girls), Gabriel Chinn (Cheltenham and County
CC, Under-14 boys), Luke Simmonds (Stratford CC, Under-12 boys), James Bullar
(Gannet CC, Under-12 boys), Yusuf Morgan (Maindy Flyers, Under-eight boys),
Cerys Simmonds (Stratford CC, Under-eight girls).

SENIOR RESULTS, ROUND ONE: 1 Crispin Doyle, Hargroves Cycles/Specialized; 2 Ewen
McDonald, NFTO Race Team; 3 Wayne Coombs, Winchcombe CC; 4 Deacon Cutterham,
NFTO Race Team; 5 Harry Walton, Cheltenham & County CC; 6 Adam Beddall,
Gloucester City CC; 7 David Curtis-Whitfield, Avonlea Treasure RT; 8 Lee Finch,
Gloucester City CC; 9 Jack Coombe, WFCRC; 10 Cameron Foster, Club Corley Cycles;
11 Daniel Marshall, BCDS; 12 Pat Alexander, Cheltenham & County CC; 13 Preslav
Dimitrov, Solihull CC.

YOUTH RESULTS, UNDER-16 BOYS: 1 Jack Mattock, One and All; 2 Kier Lewis,
Stratford CC; 3 Thomas Lane, Stratford CC; 4 Will Baxter, Cheltenham & Co CC; 5
Joe Wood, Cheltenham & Co CC; 6 Joe Grey, Cheltenham & Co CC; 7 Harry Lawrence,
Cheltenham & Co CC.

UNDER-16 GIRLS: 1 Claire Neil, Stratford CC.

UNDER-14 BOYS: 1 Gabriel Chinn, Cheltenham & Co CC; 2 Will Swarbrick, Cheltenham
& Co CC; 3 Harry Mattock, unattached; 4 James Mackman, Cheltenham & Co CC; 5
Will Mustoe, unattached. UNDER-12 BOYS: 1 Luke Simmonds, Stratford CC; 2 David
Hird, Stratford CC; 3 Tom Fielding, unattached.

UNDER-10 BOYS: 1 James Bullar, Brooks Cycles; 2 Harvey Jackson, Stratford CC; 3
Baden Green, Stratford CC; 4 Tom Peck, Winchcombe CC; 5 Atom Gill, Stratford CC.
UNDER-EIGHT BOYS: 1 Yusuf Morgan, Maindy Flyers; 2 Spencer Corder, Stratford CC;
3 Oliver Dade, Cheltenham & Co CC; 4 Leo Tarrant, Cheltenham & Co CC; 5 Arthur
Prater, unattached; 6 Robbie Hurle, unattached.

UNDER-EIGHT GIRLS: 1 Cerys Simmonds, Stratford CC.

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: UNDER-16S AND UNDER-14S: (l-r) Thomas Lane and Keir Lewis
Gabriel Chinn, Will Swarbrick, Harry Lawrence, Will Baxter and Joe Wood
ON HIS WAY: Will Baxter
CONTEST: Will Baxter, Joe Grey and Joe Wood at the Racecourse
Pictures: Robert Davis

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GLE


                      Copyright 2013 Gloucestershire Echo
                              All Rights Reserved


                              811 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                              Retford Times series

                                  July 4, 2013

Hipwell hoping for change of luck

SECTION: Pg. 48

LENGTH: 257  words


Racer Dean Hipwell will be hoping for a change of luck when he takes to the
track at Snetterton this weekend.

The Harworth racer will be at the Norfolk circuit for round five of this year's
British Supersport Championship. And despite a series of mishaps at the
Snetterton 300 circuit Hipwell is confident his season is on the up.

"I have not had the best of luck there in the past, but I am hoping all that is
about to change," said the CDH Racing Team rider.

"I have had an engine blow up while going well there and then last year I was
taken out by another rider who hit my back wheel.

"I would like to put all that right this weekend. A good weekend for me would be
to qualify on the front four rows, which would mean starting the race in the top
16.

"After that, I would like to finish inside the top 12 in both races. If I could
do that I would view the weekend as a success."

Hipwell had improved results last time out at Oulton Park in May, when his team
tried a new tyre compound. The result was better handling which gave the
24-year-old his best race of the season so far.

However, after missing the trip to round four at Knockhill in Scotland, Hipwell
admits he could be a little rusty at Snetterton.

"I have missed the racing for sure," he said. "It's been six weeks or more since
I was last racing. I did a test day at Snetterton, but unfortunately it rained
most of the day and I only managed four dry laps on the bike.

"But this new Triumph is a little bit quicker than the old Yamaha bike was and I
am hoping for some improved results."

LOAD-DATE: July 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 91


                    Copyright 2013 Northcliffe Media Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              812 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                 Halesowen News

                             June 27, 2013 Thursday

Brilliant Buckley

SECTION: SPORT

LENGTH: 132 words


HALESOWEN A&CC/Wood and Loines Road Team notched up impressive placings of
first, second and third last week.

Veteran rider Alex Tosso finished a fine third on the Stourport Sports Village
Circuit followed by junior rider Callum Ferguson finishing second in his race on
the same circuit - Ferguson had broken away on his own and was going for the win
when he was caught on the line just being denied his first win of the year.

Lee Buckley continued his remarkable run of fine rides the following night in
the third and concluding event of the Concorde Road Race Series when he scored
an emphatic win with superb team support by club-mate Andrew Lloyd/Langston.

With two wins plus a fourth Buckley has now gained his second category racing
licence and now aims to do well in longer road race events.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              813 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                 The Irish News

                              May 24, 2013 Friday

Sport - Motorcycling - Dunlop eyes first Superbike win

BYLINE: Willis Marshall

SECTION: Pg. 72

LENGTH: 409 words


Ballymoney rider Michael Dunlop will this weekend take in first practice for the
2013 Monster Energy Isle of Man TT Races, with his eyes on a first Superbike
success around the world-famous 37-mile mountain circuit.

Dunlop, who has already scored three TT wins in the Supersport 600 and
Superstock classes, is pinning his hopes on that big bike win, one he says he
can achieve.

After a wash-out at the North West, Dunlop, who will join John McGuinness and
Michael Rutter in the Honda TT Legends Team, knows that he has both the ability
and the machinery to be a real danger to McGuinness, who has dominated the
Superbike class for the past 10 years.

"The North West was a mixed bag for me because I did get a win on the 600," said
Dunlop.

"But the weather was horrendous and it was a shame we didn't get to go out on
the big bikes.

"My machine was going well in practice and I would have been on pole for the
race, so I'm looking forward to seeing what we can do at the TT. It's my
favourite road-racing circuit and, if the weather is good, it'll be a pretty
good show".

Joining Dunlop at this weekend's practice sessions will be his elder brother
William, who will partner Manxman Conor Cummins on the Shaun Muir Milwaukee
Yamaha.

Having set his fastest lap on the TT circuit in 2012 at just over 128mph,
William is sure to be confident of contending for a podium in the Superbike and
Senior races.

However, unlike Michael, he has had very limited time on his Superbike and
Supersport Yamahas, and this lack of machine-time could prove to be his
downfall.

With the Saturday racing at the North West abandoned because of torrential rain,
he was unable to the required race-time on his bikes.

Aside from the Dunlop brothers, the main man to watch will again be that man
McGuinness.

With 19 TT wins under his belt, he will be strongly fancied to add to his tally,
with the Morecambe rider slowly but surely closing in on Joey Dunlop's record
number of 26 race wins.

New Zealander Bruce Anstey, who will ride under the Padgetts/HM Plant Honda
banner, is another rider to watch out for, with the shy and unassuming Kiwi
popping up when least expected to take TT wins.

Practice begins tomorrow evening at 6.20pm with a controlled lap for TT
newcomers followed by a controlled lap for Sidecar newcomers, Lightweight TT
newcomers and Sidecar practice.

Then practice proper begins on Monday evening at 6.30pm for all classes, with
this format continuing daily throughout the week.

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 The Irish News Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              814 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                  News Letter

                              May 17, 2013 Friday

Keep the race in its place' PSNI warn bikers

BYLINE: Gemma Murray Gemma.murray@newsletter.co.uk @ablogginghack

LENGTH: 271  words


BIKE enthusiasts travelling to the North West 200 are being encouraged to keep
the race in its place' by the PSNI.

With more than 10,000 people expected to travel to the north coast in coming
days, police are reminding bikers that "the place for speed is on the circuit
under controlled conditions".

Traffic police will be on duty on routes leading to and surrounding the circuit
and police are asking all road users to exercise caution and drive or ride
responsibly.

BikeSafe assessments will also be held during the North West 200 festival.

Details on these assessments and opportunities to book a free bike safe
assessment can be found by visiting www.bikesafe.co.uk

BikeSafe coordinator, Constable Bill Holden said: "There will be interactive
BikeSafe display stands on ferries bound for Northern Ireland and the BikeSafe
team will be based in the Paddock promoting road safety throughout Race Week.

"Free rider assessments will be on offer during race week with Advanced Police
Motorcyclists."

He added: "The advantages of becoming a better rider will not only be one of
improved safety but may also reduce your insurance costs through Adelaide
Insurance Services, who will be rewarding successful BikeSafe candidates with
discount off their motorcycle insurance on the day."

Earlier today 24-year-old racing star Michael Dunlop continued to dominate the
practice with fastest times in almost every category.

But afterwards he refused to get carried away.

"When it comes to the races it will be a different story," he said. "The rest of
the boys will get their speed up then."

Tomorrow [May 18] roads will close from 10am to 6.30pm.

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: INNL


                       Copyright 2013 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              815 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                  News Letter

                              May 17, 2013 Friday

Keep the race in its place' PSNI warn bikers

BYLINE: Gemma Murray Gemma.murray@newsletter.co.uk @ablogginghack

LENGTH: 271  words


BIKE enthusiasts travelling to the North West 200 are being encouraged to keep
the race in its place' by the PSNI.

With more than 10,000 people expected to travel to the north coast in coming
days, police are reminding bikers that "the place for speed is on the circuit
under controlled conditions".

Traffic police will be on duty on routes leading to and surrounding the circuit
and police are asking all road users to exercise caution and drive or ride
responsibly.

BikeSafe assessments will also be held during the North West 200 festival.

Details on these assessments and opportunities to book a free bike safe
assessment can be found by visiting www.bikesafe.co.uk

BikeSafe coordinator, Constable Bill Holden said: "There will be interactive
BikeSafe display stands on ferries bound for Northern Ireland and the BikeSafe
team will be based in the Paddock promoting road safety throughout Race Week.

"Free rider assessments will be on offer during race week with Advanced Police
Motorcyclists."

He added: "The advantages of becoming a better rider will not only be one of
improved safety but may also reduce your insurance costs through Adelaide
Insurance Services, who will be rewarding successful BikeSafe candidates with
discount off their motorcycle insurance on the day."

Earlier today 24-year-old racing star Michael Dunlop continued to dominate the
practice with fastest times in almost every category.

But afterwards he refused to get carried away.

"When it comes to the races it will be a different story," he said. "The rest of
the boys will get their speed up then."

Tomorrow [May 18] roads will close from 10am to 6.30pm.

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: INNL tablet


                       Copyright 2013 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              816 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Express

                              July 9, 2012 Monday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Three wins for perfect Hill start;
SUPERBIKES

BYLINE: Dave Fern

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 56

LENGTH: 243 words


VICTORIOUS Tommy Hill dominated the sixth round of the MCE Insurance British
Superbike Championship at Oulton Park as he blitzed the opposition with a
hat-trick of wins to comfortably pull away in the title reckoning.

The Swan Yamaha rider was in a class of his own as he dictated terms across the
weekend at the Cheshire circuit, powering in pole start and then romping clear
of the rest as he fired a hands-off warning to any pretenders to the title he
won last year.

"Fantastic - my first hat-trick in the series. It is just great to come out on
top like this but now I have a flight to catch to get out to Suzuka," said Hill.

"Did I ease up a bit in that last race? No, could you not see the target on my
back? They all wanted to beat me.

"They kept me honest out there and I had to ride as hard as I could across the
whole weekend - they wanted to beat me, and I was determined they were not going
to," he added.

Tyco Suzuki rider Josh Brookes, twice second and then third adrift of Shane
Byrne, moved second in the rankings, though 28 points behind the rampant Hill
who dashed from the circuit to fly to Japan for an important test ahead of the
Suzuka Eight Hours race at the end of July.

Dani Pedrosa took his first MotoGP victory of the season at the Sachsenring,
Germany, but his Repsol Honda team-mate, reigning champion Casey Stoner, crashed
out of second on the last lap. Second was Jorge Lorenzo, now 20 points clear
ahead of Stoner in the title stakes.

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: HILL: Winning weekend

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DXP


                       Copyright 2012 Express Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              817 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            Kent and Sussex Courier

                                 April 13, 2012
                                   Edition 6;
                                National Edition

Wanderers pair retain their title;
Easter treat for Pelham and Dwyer in Sussex CA ; Cycling

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 65

LENGTH: 501 words


PATRICK Hough produced a fine display in Saturday's Brighton Mitre-promoted
Hilly 10 event.

The course is set in the byways surrounding Petworth, although the competitors
had little time to appreciate the stunning scenery as they inched their way up
the long 10 per cent climb at Fox Hill.

All three posted splendid times, first Lewes man home being young climbing
specialist Hough, who clocked up a fantastic time of 26min 26sec to finish well
up the field.

Neil Midgley was pleased with his time of 27:33, while Patrick's dad, Chris, had
to be content to follow in his son's wake (30:57).

Talented Defending champion Peter Tadros retained his title with an incredibly
fast time of 21:46.

¦ In a busy Easter period, Sunday saw the running of the Sussex CA two-up event,
which included a strong representation from Lewes Wanderers. Riders arrived at
the headquarters in persistent drizzle, making the roads greasy on this
technical and twisty route.

The two-lap circuit includes rolling sections around Partridge Green and faster
drags along the busy A24.

The dream ticket of Rob Pelham and Nick Dwyer proved an irresistible force and
they retained their title, recording a fast time of 1hr 4min 2sec.

Mark Frost teamed up with Steve Kane, of Brighton Excel, to come home as the
fourth fastest pairing (1.07.07).

A place behind were talented Lewes duo Dominic Lowden and Duncan Fuller, who
covered the course in 1.08.03.

Chris Martin and Natasha Fuller narrowly missed out in the mixed team awards,
but nevertheless had a very solid ride in 1:16.57.

For the second week running, Alan Lloyd had to ride the two-up event as a solo
entrant, with team-mate James Ryan withdrawing, because of illness, and he
completed the ride in 1.13.38, finishing 10th out of 34.

Featured on the card was a junior race run over a shorter course distance of
12.8 miles.

Young Dan Gardener teamed up with powerful Callum Middleton and they stormed
round the circuit in an astonishing winning time of 30:24, cutting an impressive
six minutes from the course record. These two boys will soon be challenging for
honours in open events.

Four Wanderers opted to ride in the Brighton Mitre Hilly 25 event, which starts
and ends near the infamous Devil's Dyke.

Slippery roads required riders to exercise caution as they threaded their way
through meandering country lanes and fast descents.

The sting in this ride's tail lies in the last mile where riders have to ascend
the long 13 per cent climb to finish near the Waterhole Golf course.

The route, which includes 1,304 feet of climbing, is one of the most challenging
on the Sussex time-trial calendar.

Michael Turner (1hr 13min 00sec), Dominic Lowden (1.14.8) and Neil Midgley
(1.15.20) were rewarded for their efforts by scooping second team prize.

Oliver Tuckley put in a solid ride to come home in 1.17.48.

Pete Tadros rounded off his successful Easter with a second win in a magnificent
time of 59:7. This weekend sees the running of the Lewes Wanderers club event
around the tough Danehill circuit.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PEDAL POWER: Rob Pelham and Nick Dwyer racing for Lewes Wanderers Photo
by Mike Anton

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KSC


                     Copyright 2012 Kent and Sussex Courier
                              All Rights Reserved


                              818 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                              The Sentinel (Stoke)

                            March 29, 2012 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Young star delighted by debut pro victory;
Biddulph racer breaks senior duck with 100km win

BYLINE: Jim Golden

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 49

LENGTH: 473 words


LESS than a month after making his professional road racing debut, Biddulph
teenager Declan Byrne (Cycle Premier) claimed an impressive first win in the
Evesham Vale road race.

The 18-year-old was in the thick of the action from the start of the 100km race
over four-and-a-half laps of the Inkberrow circuit in Worcestershire.

After 16 kilometres, Byrne was in a break of about 10 riders a minute clear of
the field that included his teammates George Moore, Jon Mozley and Jamie
Caldwell.

As such, the Cycle Premier quartet were forced to set much of the pace, and were
in control until a break 11km from home left Byrne trailing a leading pack of
three.

However, he quickly made up the gap and then, ever aggressive, attacked again
just five kilometres from home, chased by Tom Stockdale (Primal Europe) and
team-mate Moore.

And he held his slender lead to the line to win by six seconds from Moore, with
Stockdale third Stafford's Russell Falder led in the bunch for ninth.

Byrne, who hopes to race professionally on the tough Belgian circuit after
having success there as a junior, said: "I am delighted. I didn't expect to get
a win for the team so soon.

"At the finish, I managed to get around Tom and then just held them off by about
10 seconds.

"It's great that George managed to get around him too, to get the one-two.

"Next up is the Dengie Tour in Essex on April 1, the first Premier Calendar
race, so that will be a real step up."

¦ VETERAN Stone Wheeler Richard Barnett finished fifth in the Bill Jinks
Memorial race in Warwickshire, while Simon Bills (Afford Rent-a-Car) was sixth
in the over-45s category of the Pinvin LVRC race in Worcestershire.

¦ FIREFIGHTER Paul Robinson made a blazing start to his season with a sub-hour
run in the Altrincham Ravens Open 25.

The Lyme Racing Club (Swinnerton Cycles) rider was home in 57 minutes and 40
seconds on the Chelford course, followed by team-mates Chris Wilcox (1:02.55)
and Brian Powell (1:08.35).

Lyme's Andy Bowker improved his previous time by 30 minutes in the gruelling
Whinlatter Forest 30-mile Endurance Mountain Bike race near Keswick.

He lost time with a puncture, but recovered to take 211th place in 3:26.14.

Club-mate Will Corden, from Tean, took third in the Burton and District 23-mile
time trial held on the demanding Weston-Colwich-Uttoxeter-Weston circuit.

The Nottingham University student's time of 52.07 was just 75 seconds down on
the winner Charles Taylor, of South Pennine Road Club.

At the Sherwood Pines Mountain Bike Cross-Country Series, in Nottinghamshire,
Ken Bridgett was fifth in the fun male class when he completed two laps in
1:01.04.

Meanwhile, Kidsgrove Wheelers entered two riders in Saturday's 25-mile TT held
near Goostrey in Cheshire.

First home for the Wheelers was Andrew Barratt in a time of 1:05.20, followed by
veteran club-mate Dave Handy (1:14.35).

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: FIRST WIN: Hot prospect Declan Byrne claimed victory in the 100km
Evesham Vale race.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SEN


                      Copyright 2012 The Sentinel (Stoke)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              819 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          Maldon and Burnham Standard

                            March 15, 2012 Thursday

Cousins is showing fine form

SECTION: SPORT (MBS SPORT)

LENGTH: 203 words


MALDON and District Cycling Club rider Scott Cousins' spring racing campaign has
been faultless so far.

After achieving a win and a brace of third places in circuit races at the
Redbridge Cycling Centre in February, he has now switched his attention to early
season time trials.

Two weeks ago he rode the Hainault Hilly 50km event in the cold and rain- soaked
lanes south of Ongar and trounced the rest of the field to cover the distance in
a time of one hour ten minutes 51 seconds.

This was 46 seconds less than nearest rival Jonathan Shubert, of High Wycombe
CC.

Last Sunday, Cousins got his time-trial bike out again and thundered around a
25-mile course near Stansted.

Setting off number four in the 74-rider field, he was soon first man on the road
and finished well ahead of everyone else in a personal best time of 55m 51s.
This was a over a minute clear of second and third-placed riders Sam Barker
(Planet X) and Peter Balls (West Suffolk Wheelers) with respective times of 56m
53s and 56m 54s.

Cousins is now well lined up for a time-trial hat-trick as his next race is his
own club's open hilly time-trial on Sunday, which comprises two laps of a
nine-mile circuit featuring an ascent of North Hill, Little Baddow.

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2012 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              820 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            MAIL ON SUNDAY (London)

                           September 18, 2011 Sunday

BRADY WANTS A REPEAT OF PATRIOTS' RECORD WEEK

LENGTH: 185 words


AMERICAN FOOTBALL: Tom Brady will today attempt to repeat his heroics from week
one when New England Patriots face San Diego Chargers in what is being billed as
a potential AFC Championship game.

The quarterback threw for a total of 517 yards , the fifth highest in the
history of the National Football League , as the Patriots beat Miami Dolphins
38-24. The Patriots' total yardage of 622 was their highest. The Chargers
limited Minnesota Vikings to just 187 yards to win 24-17 and Patriots' offensive
co-ordinator Bill O'Brien said: 'This is a heck of a defence we are going
against.'

CYCLING: Mark Cavendish and overall leader Lars Boom came seventh and 19th in
stage seven of the Tour of Britain.

Lithuanian An Post rider Gediminas Bagdonas won in a close sprint finish with
Endura's Ian Wilkinson. Team Sky rider Geraint Thomas came in 10th.

MOTOGP: Casey Stoner starts from pole for today's Aragon Grand Prix, while title
rival Jorge Lorenzo is fourth.

Despite a crash at the Spanish circuit, Stoner dominated the session, setting a
new circuit record of 1min 48.165 as he beat team-mate Dani Pedrosa to pole.

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Papers


                   Copyright 2011 Associated Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              821 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                 Bath Chronicle

                               September 1, 2011
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Ton-up Fogarty is guest

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 84

LENGTH: 297 words


Carl Fogarty will be the guest of honour at Castle Combe Circuit's Fowlers
Motorcycles Pro Bike National meeting on Saturday.

The event marks the 60th anniversary of the first motorcycle meeting at the
Wiltshire track where, back in 1989, Fogarty recorded the firstever 100mph lap.

As well as setting a mean 102.22mph on his quickest lap, he averaged more than
100mph for all eight laps.

He went on to become the most successful World Superbike racer ever, winning the
championship four times, but this weekend Fogarty will merely be demonstrating
in the lunchtime parade of classic race bikes with machines dating from 1955.

The packed programme features 12 races, many of them with strong West Country
interest. The Simply Saab King of Castle Combe race sees Sean Ridley on a Suzuki
1000s and fellow Bath racers Andrew Gooding and Ross Ashman on board Kawasaki
600s.

Radstock's Jer Thomas is on a Yamaha 1000, Chippenham's Mike Lines on a Honda
600 and Bristol riders Chris Richardson and Aaron Ridewood are on Triumph 675
and Ducati 916 respectively.

All of those riders will also be out in the opening BLD Cup Combe Super Solo
race.

The Fowlers Motorcycles Combe Super Junior Solos races are packed with local
riders, with Melksham's Darrell Higgins, on a Yamaha 250, looking to add to the
27 race victories he has already clocked up at his home circuit.

After visiting the Dutch TT circuit of Assen and Monza, home of the Italian
Grand Prix, already this year, the Rapid Solicitors Ducati 848 Challenge comes
to Wiltshire.

The British Historic GP series has two ten-lappers, while the Ducati DesmoDue
for the MCD Trophy races cater for relatively unmodified machines up to 675cc in
two classes.

The event gets under way with practice from 8.45am, with the first race starting
at 11.35am.

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TBC


                    Copyright 2011 Northcliffe Media Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              822 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                 Sunday Mercury

                                  July 3, 2011
                                 First Edition

Casey claims Mugello pole

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 74

LENGTH: 273 words


AUSTRALIAN Casey Stoner claimed pole position for today's Italian MotoGP at
Mugello after setting a new circuit record in qualifying.

The Repsol Honda rider, the championship leader and winner of four of the seven
grands prix this season, recorded a time of one minute, 48.034 seconds.

Stoner finished almost half a second faster than closest challenger American Ben
Spies, winner of last weekend's Dutch TT at Assen.

Italian Marco Simoncelli, who earned his second pole of the season in Assen and
was quickest in yesterday's first free practice session, will start third behind
Stoner and Spies on the grid in his home race.

POLE: Casey Stoner Another Italian, Andrea Dovizioso, is at the front of the
second row, alongside Jorge Lorenzo, the reigning world champion who is second
in the overall standings, and American Colin Edwards.

Stoner, who now has five poles this season, said on the BBC website: "We made
one change on the bike from this morning and it worked out really well.

"To set this time with tyres that had already put in 10 laps is very encouraging
for the race."

Spies added: "We've got a good bike, but not yet good enough. Everyone expects a
lot of me, I'm aiming for a podium finish."

JOHN Hopkins became the first American rider to claim a pole start in the MCE
Insurance British Superbike Championship as he powered in a scorching lap of the
all-new Snetterton 300 circuit aboard his Samsung Suzuki.

Hopkins, who goes into these race in second place in the title stakes, lapped
the three mile long Norfolk circuit in one minute 47.451 seconds, a third of a
second faster than Swan Yamaha rider Tommy Hill.

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: my


               Copyright 2011 Midland Independent Newspapers plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              823 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                   Daily Star

                             July 2, 2011 Saturday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

FLYING TOMMY ROCKS RIVALS;
SUPERBIKES: Hill fires challenge

BYLINE: DAVE FERN

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 53

LENGTH: 499 words


TOMMY HILL fired a warning to his rivals for the British Superbike crown with a
scorching final lap of the new Snetterton 300 circuit.

The Swan Yamaha rider powered back into contention with a winning double last
time out at Knockhill to move into third place in the title stakes.

Hill is fit again after ripping the ligaments in his left shoulder in a heavy
crash in the second round in May.

And he's in a hurry to peg back Shane Byrne and John Hopkins, who are ahead of
him in the standings.

He had limited testing time on the newly configured and extended Norfolk circuit
compared to the rest of the pack as he fell in pre-season, injuring an elbow.

But he was quickly down to business yesterday, putting in a hard working
performance across the two sessions, and then saving the best for last as he
scorched in a time of 1m 48.866secs.

"It's great being back out there," he said ahead of tomorrow's sixth round.

"I was a bit on the back foot compared to the other guys as I don't think I even
did 10 laps at the test but I just got as many laps in as I could.

Strong "We came here with a very strong base setting and that was good for us
with a pole at Oulton Park and then a pole again and double win at Knockhill.

"My confidence is probably the highest it has been since before my crash at
Oulton Park.

"And I definitely want to be back at the front collecting the points and the
podium credits for the championship."

He had an advantage of a third of a second over Hopkins aboard the Samsung
Suzuki who had been consistently on the pace across both of the sessions.

"I'm really enjoying this circuit, it is a lot of fun to ride," said Hopkins,
who is due to ride for the Rizla Suzuki MotoGP team in next month's Brno round
of the World Championship.

"The team has given me a real fast bike and I am really comfortable on it at the
moment and I am determined to make up the ground I lost with the tumble at
Knockhill.

"The important thing is that I maintain my position in the top six but at the
same time rack up as many podium points as possible - the championship is my
goal."

Hopkins, who hurt his shoulder in the tumble at the Scottish round, is not too
concerned about the lingering pain, and added: "It is at about 95 per cent and
that is not holding me back at all.

"It would be nice to think that by Sunday evening I could leave here at the top
of the standings rather than being top for a couple of hours as I was midway
through the previous round."

That is something that two-times title holder Byrne is determined to prevent.

He has the advantage in terms of points but needs to find a bit more pace,
running eighth best with a lap of 1m 49.452secs aboard his HM Plant Honda.

But the all important thing is to ensure places in the top six by the end of the
ninth round.

Because only those riders go forward into the showdown for the title.

Among the riders looking over their shoulder is reigning champion Ryuichi
Kiyonari, who is 10th fastest here, and just clinging on to sixth place in the
rankings.

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: ¦ EASY RIDER: Swan Yamaha star Tommy Hill is back on pace after his
crash in May

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DST


                       Copyright 2011 Express Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              824 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                 The Irish News

                              June 20, 2011 Monday

Sport - Dunlop heads Bush line-up

BYLINE: Willis Marshall

SECTION: Pg. 62

LENGTH: 468 words


The Irish road racing scene kicks back into gear after a four-week lay-off with
the H2 Engineering Bush Road Races near Coalisland next weekend, with most of
the top runners in the Irish National Championships all set to grace the Bush
circuit once more.

Heading the line-up will be Ballymoney's William Dunlop, last year's Bush Road
Races man-of-the meeting after recording a four-timer with wins in the 125, 250,
600, and Superbike races.

This time, however, Dunlop will only enter the 125cc event. With his absence in
the Supersport 600 and Superbike races, it could pave the way for his brother
Michael to take the limelight -should he also be at the meeting.

Michael, who had that remarkable Superstock TT win two weeks ago, has yet to
confirm whether or not he will compete at the weekend.

Dungannon rider Ryan Farquhar is another who is a doubtful starter as he
recovers from his big crash during TT practice at Kepple Gate.

Like Michael Dunlop, Farquhar was also a non-starter at the event in 2010, and
his attendance would be a great boost for the organisers.

Saintfield's Davy Morgan, last year's open senior race winner, returns in four
races - in the 250cc, 600cc and two Superbike races, with Morgan hopeful of
better luck at the Bush than he had at the TT, where he broke down in the
Supersport and Superbike races.

Joining Morgan on the starting line-up will be former Irish Superbike champion
Michael Pearson on the D&GW Racing BMW.

Pearson, who has had a lean start to the 2011 season, will be eager to get back
on top as his last and only Irish road race win came way back at the Killalane
event in 2009.

Local rider John Burrows, on the BE Suzuki, is another who is likely to be there
or thereabouts on Saturday.

Roads around the circuit close on Friday at 4pm for practice, and on Saturday's
race day, roads around the circuit close at 10am and are scheduled to reopen no
later than 6.30pm.

- Meanwhile, in the Spanish round of the World Superbike Championships at the
Motorland circuit Aragon, there were wins for Italians Max Biaggi and Marco
Melandri.

In race one, Melandri on the World Yamaha, got the better of Biaggi and
Britain's Leon Camier to take the win, while, in race two, the positions at the
top were reversed when Biaggi on his Aprilia defeated Melandri and current
championship leader Carlos Checa.

For Toomebridge rider Eugene Laverty, it was another very solid day, the Yamaha
man finishing fourth in race one and sixth in race two to move into fourth place
in the World Championship standings.

Checa leads the way on 261pts, with Biaggi second on 218, Melandri third on 195,
and Laverty fourth on 146.

In yesterday's round of the British Superbike Championships at Knockhill in
Scotland, there was a brace of wins for Swann Yamaha rider Tommy Hill. Hill won
both the Superbike races.

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 The Irish News Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              825 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                Roscommon Herald

                                 June 14, 2011

Donamon Dynamos to host fourth annual Grand Prix

SECTION: SPORTS NEWS

LENGTH: 243 words


DONAMON Dynamos Cycling Club is holding its annual Grand Prix cycle race on
Sunday, June 19th, starting and finishing in Castlecoote Village.

"This is the fourth year for our club to promote this event which has now become
a permanent fixture on the racing calendar. Following on from its success in
previous years, we are confident that the event will attract many of the best
riders in the country for each category," said Donamon Dynamos Secretary John
Concar.

The race will consist of seven laps of a ten-mile circuit from Castlecoote to
Donamon, Crosswell, Creggs and back to Castlecoote. This circuit has been
complimented by contestants in previous years as a fair but testing road race
circuit. The start time is set for 12 noon and the duration of the race will be
approximately three hours.

Cycling has been attracting ever increasing numbers of people in recent years
with many of those taking up the sport at a competitive level, as evidenced by
the numbers of riders turning up for races throughout the country each weekend.

This will be an ideal opportunity to see a cycle race in the flesh on
Roscommon's local roads. Indeed there will be further local interest with up to
ten Donamon Dynamos riders participating.

As part of the Bike Week events, anyone wishing to cycle out from Roscommon town
to view the Grand Prix can do so. The cycle will leave The Square, Roscommon
town at 12 noon. Refreshments will be provided in Castlecoote for participants.

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2011 Thomas Crosbie Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              826 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                  Medway News

                                  June 9, 2011

Medway pair flying the flag

SECTION: Pg. 42

LENGTH: 528 words


Clin Maisey

JASON NIND (Wigmore) and Steve Smith (Medway Velo) flew the flag in last
weekend's SE Road Race League 4 stage race. Run over three days with four
separate races for riders to enjoy, the event

attracted competitors from Wales and the Midlands .

Saturday's first stage was run on the specially constructed cycle course of
Fowlmead on the site of the old Betteshanger Colliery near Deal. The main
circuit is 3.5km long with two shorter variations connected by link roads.

There were 61 riders on the start line for the 5 x 3.5km lap time trial, each of
them getting under way at one minute intervals.

Nick Hutchings (GS Grupetto) won the stage in a time of 21 minutes 5.6 seconds,
Nind clocked 24:03 for 42nd place and Smith did 26.31 to finish 58th.

The event on day 2 moved to the small 1km circuit at Fowlmead, for a Criterium.

This is a massed start event with the riders given a 90-minute limit. It ran at
a very quick pace, with many breaks trying to get clear. Wojciech Szlachta
(Pasta Montegrappa) lapped the main field for a comfortable victory, while Nind
finished 30th in the bunch an Smith was 17th.

Stage 3 took the field to Frant, south of Tunbridge Wells. The stage comprised a
hilly course taking in Frant, Wadhurst and Lamberhurst - seven laps of a
punishing 20km circuit.

After three hours 15 minutes the winner was David McLean, again of the Pasta
Montegrappa Team.

Nind was this time 27th and  Smith 20th.

Stage 4 was on Monday at the Kenardington circuit near Ashford; a short and
quick 10.1km course with two small climbs on each of the 12 laps.

Riders stayed tightly packed and it was bedlam when they massed for a sprint
finish. The eventual winner was Alex Ray, getting a third win for Pasta
Montegrappa, while  Nind was eighth and Smith 10th.

On overall classification, David McLean (Pasta Montegrappa) had completed the
three days racing in the quickest time. Nind  was eventually 26th and Smith
38th.

EARLIER in the week, Wigmore's Luke Anderson contested the Track League Meeting
at London's Herne Hill Stadium. On the 500m track which hosted the last Olympic
track cycling event in 1948, Anderson competed in a number of events that
evening and gained second place in the Devil Take the Hindmost elimination race
and was sixth in the 40-lap scratch race

WITH the top two contenders for the Medway News Trophy on holiday an opportunity
presented itself for Wigmore's Jason Nind to register his first win of the
series, but after a hard three days competing over the Bank Holiday weekend he
failed to obtain the victory he wanted.

On another windy evening he covered the 10 mile course in 24.02 to finish second
behind clubmate Paul Brett,  who was competing in his first event of the season
after suffering a knee injury in an accident earlier in the year.

Brett recorded a PB time of 23.21 and could challenge the two leaders in the
competition by the end of the season, providing he rides another nine events.
There was a close tussle for third position with Steve Bishop just edging it by
one second from Bob Turner with times of 25.50 and 25.51 respectively. Other
Wigmore times: Bill Spellman 26.08, Paul Monaghan 27.06 and Alex Pollock 27.52.

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 275


                    Copyright 2011 Northcliffe Media Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              827 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               Grimsby Telegraph

                              May 23, 2011 Monday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Brands to host cycle races

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 37

LENGTH: 270 words


BRANDS Hatch will be the setting for the London 2012 Paralympic cycling road
races.

The world's top riders will begin their bids for Paralympic success at the
former F1 Grand Prix circuit before speeding out on to local Kent roads and back
to the finishing line at Brands Hatch.

The 8km circuit will shut down as a international motor racing venue from
September 8-15 2012 when 225 will be competing for 32 Paralympic titles.

It is the last 2012 competition to be finalised and all races will be split
half-and-half between the circuit and the local roads.

Paralympic champion Rachel Morris said: ''I'm extremely excited to potentially
be competing at Brands Hatch.

''Winning another gold medal but on home soil this time would just be fantastic.

''The course looks great and it will be a real test for athletes, promising a
great show for spectators. I can't wait to give it my best shot in under 500
days time."

Despite originally being created as a grass track cycle venue in 1928, Brands
Hatch is best known for motor racing having staged the World Touring Car
Championship, British Superbikes plus the British round of the F1 World
Championship until 1986.

ParalympicsGB will be looking to maintain its standing as a powerhouse cycling
nation at London 2012 having won 20 medals, including 17 gold, across all cycle
events at the Beijing Games.

The competition will cover hand cycling, tricycles, bicycles and tandems with
riders competing in time trial, road race plus team relay events. There will be
155 male and 70 female riders from 40 nations with disabilities including visual
impairments, cerebral palsy and amputations.

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GRT


                        Copyright 2011 Grimsby Telegraph
                              All Rights Reserved


                              828 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                              North Devon Journal

                                  May 19, 2011

Bialablock the one to watch in road-race championships

SECTION: Pg. 96

LENGTH: 135 words


The south West's top road-racing cyclists will be competing in and around
Hatherleigh on Sunday.

Marcin Bialablock is tipped to retain his British Cycling South West Regional
Championships title in the main event, the men's race, which starts at 12.30pm.

The Polish-born rider is No 2 in British Cycling's road-race rankings and
already has ten podium finishes this season. He can expect tough competition
from Chris Opie, Gary Chambers and Doug Dewey.

The 130km race features a major climb at Folly Gate, recommended as a good
viewing spot; a circuit of Roadford Lake; then five laps around Hatherleigh. The
riders should cross the finish line, near Jacobstowe after 3.30pm.

The 70km women's and junior races start at   9.30am. They consist of seven laps
of the  Hatherleigh circuit and also finish near Jacobstowe.

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 150


                       Copyright 2011 North Devon Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                              829 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Duncan Banner (Oklahoma)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 5, 2011 Thursday

PRCA Rodeo celebrates 75 years, 22 in Duncan

BYLINE: Toni Hopper, The Duncan Banner, Okla.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 466 words


May 05--DUNCAN -- Red dirt will be flying this weekend when the Chisholm Trail
Stampede PRCA Rodeo takes over the Stephens County Fair & Expo Center as part of
the PRCA's 75th anniversary. It all began in 1936 and 22 years ago, Duncan
became a part of the circuit.

The event has become a much anticipated affair for rodeo fans. In celebrating
the history of pro rodeo, some of the top circuit competitors will be giving it
their all Friday and Saturday, said Barbara Davis, organizer.

"You will see some of the top Pro Rodeo cowboys in the PRCA circuit," she said.
"Don't miss the excitement."

Bucking stock is provided by Dell Hall and the Rafter H Rodeo Livestock Company,
an Oklahoma-based company.

Davis said there are 313 contestants registered for the event. Of those, 99 are
female in the Women's Barrel Racing. Another big event will be the calf roping,
with 57 ropers registered, and 35 team ropers.

"There are a lot of Oklahoma people coming. Chad Lahew and Jay Morgan are both
from here.

Ever popular will be the bull riding, with 35 bull riders scheduled. There are
also 31 saddle broncs, 26 bareback riders and 30 steer wrestlers on the books.

Keeping the crowd entertained and more importantly working to keep the bull
riders safe will be bullfighters, Dustin Brewer and Josh Rivinius.

There's also events planned for the little "buckaroos and buckarettes," Davis
said.

"Bring the kids and let them enjoy the quarter throw and the calf scramble."

While the event is about the PRCA Rodeo, with its many competitors traveling in
from out of state, it also keeps a local and state flair.

Representing Mustang, will be the Pistols & Pearls Drill Team. They will set
pivots for the Grand Entry Friday night and will perform both nights.

One of Stephens County's newest groups, the Stephens County Sheriff's Posse,
will help Saturday night with the pivots. Also, the Sheriff's Reserve will serve
as security, Davis said.

Saturday night is also a big night for the local Duncan AMBUCS group. They will
present an Amtryke, which is a therapeutic tricycle for children with special
needs.

The PRCA Rodeo Queen also will be crowned Saturday night during the rodeo.

Several western exhibitors will have displays or trade booths in the north end
of the indoor arena. One of those will be the new RAM trucks, Davis noted. They
too are part of the sponsorship of the show.

A concession stand will be available, with beans, potatoes and cornbread, in
addition to the regular menu.

To see more of The Duncan Banner, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.duncanbanner.com. Copyright (c) 2011, The Duncan Banner, Okla.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110505-DJ-PRCA-Rodeo-celebrates-75-years-22-in-Duncan-0505-20110505

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DJ


                        Copyright 2011 The Duncan Banner


                              830 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                  InsideHalton

                              May 5, 2011 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

St. John's United readies for three-year celebration of anniversary

BYLINE: Janet Duval, St. John's United Church

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 502  words


The church congregation with the longest history of any in the Georgetown area
is ready to celebrate a major anniversary.

St. John's United Church of Georgetown and Glen Williams is marking 175 years of
ministry, beginning with an old-fashioned Methodist-style revival meeting on the
Glen Williams church property the weekend of May 28 and 29.

Attending the revival will be a circuit rider preacher, representing the very
earliest style of church service for pioneer worshippers. In those days,
intrepid young preachers rode on horseback through "interminable wilderness"
from village to village to preach to waiting families, all of them recent
immigrants living in rough log homes. Episcopal Methodists began holding
services in the hamlet of Williamsburg (Glen Williams) in 1836, and built a
frame church a few years later. The Rev. Egerton Ryerson sparked a "great
spiritual revival" there in 1840, and preached the following year in Georgetown,
where several families had established their own congregation.

The first Methodist church on the present St. John's Georgetown site on Guelph
Street was built in 1849. By 1880, a committee that included town founder George
Kennedy had raised $8,000 to put up the brick building that stands now. The
congregation of 130 families supported two ministers. On Sundays, they attended
a morning prayer meeting, then a worship service, Sunday School in the
afternoon, and another service at night. The Ladies' Aid was active, and the
sermon topic of the anniversary service in 1881 was "Woman, Her Work and Worth."

When the Unit-ed Church of Canada formed in 1925, Georgetown Methodists were
joined by people of the Congregational Church, who used what is now our public
library building on Church St., and by some from Knox Presbyterian Church. The
wisdom of the new union may have seemed in doubt when lightning toppled the tall
spire over St. John's west tower shortly afterwards.

In 1971, the separate Glen Williams and Georgetown United Church congregations
joined to become one. Today they continue a long tradition of outstanding music
and outreach to the community.

The church offers free space to groups such as AA and the Saturday Centre. Over
the years church members helped found many local agencies including the Legal
Clinic, North Halton Distress Centre, and Georgetown Hospital. The church's
motto "Open Doors, Open Hearts, Open Minds" reflects an attitude of welcoming
hospitality, spirituality, and generosity.

Celebrations will span three years ending in November 2014. In the interval
there will be many projects and events- one of the first will be an anniversary
cookbook, complete with stories and memories shared by present and past members
whose culinary contributions were a part of almost every church gathering.

If anyone has old photographs or memorabilia, or contacts with former members
who have moved away, the anniversary planning group would be delighted to
receive them. Please contact Drew Leverette 905-877-7615 or Janice Campbell
905-877-3040.

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Article

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2011 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              831 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                 The Glaswegian

                               February 10, 2011
                                   Edition 1;

Tigers set for derby

BYLINE: Fraser Wilson

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 204 words


SPARKS are set to fly when Glasgow Tigers christen the new-look Ashfield circuit
with a season opener against rivals Edinburgh.

The Premier League champs head along the M8 on Sunday, March 27 for the annual
Spring Trophy double header.

And, as if any additional spice was required for the fiery clash, a trio of
ex-Edinburgh riders will be making their debuts in Glasgow's stripes.

Winter signings Michael Rajkowski, Theo Pijper and Christian Henry will be among
the stars hoping to set a new track record on the upgraded, slicker Possil
circuit.

Tigers co-promoter Alan Dick welcomed the fixture and admitted he couldn't have
chosen a better occasion to welcome in the new track.

Hesaid:"Wewant thetrophy back and there will be great rivalry with our boys
looking to make their mark."

Meanwhile, Tigers gaffer Stewart Dickson reckons Oz hotshot Josh Grajczonek can
recapture his red-hot form.

Graj, who turned 21 this week, was the most improved performer last season and
has signed on for another year.

The rider is fresh from taking third in the Australian Under 21 Championship
last month.

Dickson said: "That's a fabulous result and shows Josh has carried on from where
he left off. He's the most exciting prospect at the club."

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GLA


                       Copyright 2011 Trinity Mirror, plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              832 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                 The Glaswegian

                               February 10, 2011
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Tigers set for derby

BYLINE: Fraser Wilson

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 204 words


SPARKS are set to fly when Glasgow Tigers christen the new-look Ashfield circuit
with a season opener against rivals Edinburgh.

The Premier League champs head along the M8 on Sunday, March 27 for the annual
Spring Trophy double header.

And, as if any additional spice was required for the fiery clash, a trio of
ex-Edinburgh riders will be making their debuts in Glasgow's stripes.

Winter signings Michael Rajkowski, Theo Pijper and Christian Henry will be among
the stars hoping to set a new track record on the upgraded, slicker Possil
circuit.

Tigers co-promoter Alan Dick welcomed the fixture and admitted he couldn't have
chosen a better occasion to welcome in the new track.

Hesaid:"Wewant thetrophy back and there will be great rivalry with our boys
looking to make their mark."

Meanwhile, Tigers gaffer Stewart Dickson reckons Oz hotshot Josh Grajczonek can
recapture his red-hot form.

Graj, who turned 21 this week, was the most improved performer last season and
has signed on for another year.

The rider is fresh from taking third in the Australian Under 21 Championship
last month.

Dickson said: "That's a fabulous result and shows Josh has carried on from where
he left off. He's the most exciting prospect at the club."

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GLA


                       Copyright 2011 Trinity Mirror, plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              833 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          Pretoria News (South Africa)

                           February 03, 2011 Thursday
                                   E1 Edition

Golden oldies star at Zwartkops;
Zwartkops celebrates its 50th anniversary in spectacular fashion

BYLINE:  Motorsport Correspondent

SECTION: MOTORING; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 517 words


THE magical allure of racing cars and motorcycles from the bygone "good old
days" of the 1960s, '70s and '80s once again proved a winning formula in
attracting thousands of fans to the Zwartkops circuit, west of Pretoria, last
weekend.

Adding to the historic atmosphere was the fact that 2011 marks the 50th
anniversary of the founding of this circuit, built originally around a drive-in
cinema.

The first heat of the Castrol Edge race for international sports racing
prototypes saw a David and Goliath tussle between the huge V8-engined 1970
McLaren M8F of Dutch driver Michiel Campagne as he battled to hold off the lithe
1968 Chevron B8 of Jonathan du Toit, finally winning by less than two seconds
after 12 laps.

Third place in a field of 26 cars was filled by Gerrie van Zyl in a 1971 Chevron
B19

Unfortunately the McLaren did not make the start for the second heat of 10 laps,
which left the way open for Du Toit to score a comfortable win over Andre
Bezuidenhout (1974 Porsche RSR), with Dillon Miller (1973 Porsche 911 RSR)
filling the third spot on the podium.

The Castrol Edge Post-1974 world sportscars event consisted of a 10-lap scratch
race in the morning and then a 45-minute mini-endurance race as the last event
on the jam-packed programme. Franz Pretorius took the flag in the first race in
his imposing 1982 Porsche 956, with the Shelby CanAms of Brian Algar and Douglas
Macdonald in the minor placings.

A downpour of rain during the 45-minute race spiced matters up and required the
safety car to slow the cars during the heaviest rain. The wet track allowed the
bevy of Lotus 7 replicas to put the pressure on some of the potentially faster
cars and the Class B car of Jeff Gable managed to finish third overall behind
Keith Rose (1974 Porsche 911 RS) and Franz Pretorius.

There was also an index of performance category, and here Rose was again the
winner, with Michael Houghton (Lotus 7 Replica) in second place, just ahead of
the similar car of Timothy Clamp (Locost Rocam).

The support from competitors for the Day of the Champion motorcycle races was
the best since the inception of this Castrol/Honda-sponsored event four years
ago. This event, with more than 70 classic motorcycles, as well as modern
Thundersports and Brunch Run Challenge machines ensured there was non-stop
action on the circuit, with some highly-competitive racing.

In addition there were two races for the Castrol Honda 100cc racing motorcycles
that are being used to train the young stars of the future.

The Day of the Champion is not so much about winning, but about the camaraderie
among the participants, and the once-a-year opportunity it offers many former
riders and champions to get out on the track again. This year the overseas
riders brought no fewer than 22 motorcycles to South Africa and riders included
world and national champions as well as the fastest woman ever at the Isle of
Man TT races in Maria Costello.

The huge turnout of motorcycles ranged from an exotic four-cylinder MV Agusta to
simple 125cc two-strokes and in between were some of the greatest machines seen
in world championship racing.

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PN


                Copyright 2011 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              834 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                  Thanet Extra

                                November 5, 2010

Spectacular weekend of quad bike racing

LENGTH: 206 words


by Martin Jefferies

mjefferies@thekmgroup.co.uk

RAMSGATE brought the chequered flag down on the fast and furious Beach Cross UK
Championship as the town welcomed some of Europe's top racers for the first
time.

The Main Sands were transformed into an artificial race track, complete with
spectacular dune jumps and tight, twisty chicanes.

The promenade and the Eastcliff offered spectacular views of the course, and
hundreds of spectators turned out to watch the high-flying quad bike and
motocross riders.

Success

The circuit, laid out by the Quad Racing Association, was designed to test man
and machine to the limit.

The line-up for the inaugural event included Ramsgate rider Sam Holloway, who
took the overall BXUK quad bike title, and Jason Morris, from Shoreham, who won
the motocross series.

Ramsgate secured its place on the Beach Cross UK Championship calendar on the
back of the success of Margate's annual Big Sky Beach Cross event - an annual
motorsport extravaganza that attracts bumper crowds to the town every spring.
The Ramsgate races were sponsored by Scalextric, which is owned by Margate-based
Hornby Hobbies.

Canterbury-based Ovenden Plant Hire provided the diggers and other equipment
used to create the challenging circuit.

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 Kent Messenger Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                              835 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                   Daily Star

                            October 2, 2010 Saturday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Agony as Dani blows it

BYLINE: DAVE FERN

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 43

LENGTH: 341 words


DANI PEDROSA saw his slim hopes of taking the World MotoGP crown ended by injury
in practice for tomorrow's Japanese Grand Prix.

The Repsol Honda rider broke his collarbone in two places after crashing barely
five minutes into the first session on his third lap of the Motegi circuit.

He is flying home to Spain for surgery and, with his season over, it hands the
title to Jorge Lorenzo.

"It was a strange crash, in a slow section of the track," said Pedrosa.

"I tried to stop the bike as usual, but I knew something was wrong and couldn't
avoid going down.

"It was very painful. I had a big impact in my left ankle and also my collarbone
was broken as I hit the track."

The injury came at a crucial time in the championship, with three races in as
many weeks.

Sorry

Lorenzo had already amassed a 56-point advantage over Pedrosa, winning seven
races so far.

He only finished outside the top three once in the other six.

Lorenzo, riding a Fiat Yamaha, ran third fastest in the session, 0.3secs down on
his team-mate and defending champion Valentino Rossi. "I don't want to think for
now how Dani's situation will affect me, but I am sorry for him," said Lorenzo,
who is looking to add the sport's premier title to his two 250cc crowns

"It's very bad luck to be injured at this stage of the season."

Rossi is determined to complete the full season despite the shoulder injury he
got in tumbling from his motocross bike during early-season training.

He topped the practice leaderboard with a lap of 1min 48.174secs on a circuit
slippery from the heavy rains of the previous day.

MAX BIAGGI is determined to end his World Superbikes title-winning campaign on a
high in tomorrow's final round at Magny Cours. The Aprilia rider rode into third
place in opening qualifying at the French circuit despite struggling to shake
off flu.

Crown

"I'm determined not to let that spoil this last weekend and want race wins to
ensure that Aprilia take the manufacturer title to go with my riders' crown,"
said Biaggi.

He was outpaced by Ducati riding Lorenzo Lanzi and Michel Fabrizio.

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: DOWN AND OUT: Pedrosa crashes on the third lap

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DST


                       Copyright 2010 Express Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              836 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                Evesham Journal

                            August 24, 2010 Tuesday

Perkins goes to third

SECTION: SPORT OTHER

LENGTH: 382 words


HONEYBOURNE-based motorcycle racer Gavin Perkins moved up to third place in the
EMRA 125GP Championship after the penultimate round of action at Mallory Park.

The Leicestershire circuit is one of the teenager's favourite UK tracks and he
was prepared to build on the previous meeting's success.

He said: "I've ridden well there in the past and I needed to produce a good
performance in both races to give myself the best chance of being in a good
position for the last championship round in September."

Race day saw a damp start following overnight rain. However , the circuit soon
cleared and produced a dry qualifying session.

Perkins did as well as expected and qualified in third place on the grid.

In the first race, Perkins got the best start and led into the first corner.
Positions swapped between him and two other riders throughout the race until the
leader had an engine failure.

This left Perkins and one other rider clear of the rest of the field to battle
it out.

Perkins took the lead with three laps to go and held on winning by a narrow
3/10ths of a second margin.

Perkins posted the fastest lap of the race at 58.05 seconds and an average speed
of just over 86mph.

Race two saw Perkins start from pole position by virtue of the first race win.
Again, he got off to a flying start leading into the first corner, a lead which
he held for three laps.

The next six laps saw the lead change several times between Perkins and Arnie
Shelton as the two battled to out-brake and out-drag each other at every corner.
Perkins was leading on the last lap when a small error on the hairpin allowed
Shelton through to snatch the win at the last gasp.

It was probably the best race Perkins had been involved in throughout his career
even though finishing second took the shine off it a little.

In this race Perkins bettered his lap time to secure a personal best of 57.6.

He added: "That was fantastic. The bike was singing, thanks to Mark Tyrrell of
Chapman-Tyrrell Racing setting the bike up for me. His knowledge and help has
made such a difference."

Perkins moves up into third position in the championship with the final round on
September 26.

He is seven points behind second place and 24 behind the leader, with double
points for the last two races it's still wide open between first and third
place.

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              837 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                  Burton Mail

                             July 10, 2010 Saturday

Clarke is second best Brit in road race championship

LENGTH: 488 words


CHURCH Gresley racer David Clarke was the second highest placed UK-based
professional in a major event in Lancashire.

Clarke sped to sixth place in the National Road Race Championship over 112 miles
at Pendle in the Trough of Bowland.

The seven-and-a-half-mile circuit around Pendle Hill was a tough one, with 300
metres of steep climbs, plus another mile of uphill terrain.

The decisive break of five riders went off the front after the first five laps,
including the Team Sky trio of Geraint Thomas, Peter Kennaugh and Ian Stannard,
Jeremy Hunt (Cervelo Test Team) and Simon Richardson (Sigma Sport Specialised).

Dan Fleeman (Raleigh RT) and Mercia HBM Cycling Club second-claim man Clarke,
racing for Pendragon Le Col Colnago, were at the head of the chasing bunch.

On the final lap, Thomas and Kennaugh went away from their rivals to take first
and second places in 5hrs 7mins 8secs.

Stannard was third, 2:20 behind, with Hunt at 7:59 and Richardson -- the first
UK-based professional -- 8:23 back.

Clarke outsprinted Fleeman to finish 10:41 behind the winner -- a superb effort
by the South Derbyshire rider on a day when the hot conditions took such a heavy
toll that only 31 of the 130-strong field completed the race.

BURTON Plan B's fourth category rider Kyle Abrahams had a good win when he beat
all the competitors in the category above him in the elite first, second, third
and fourth category road race over 55k at Knighton in Mid Wales. The race was
part of the South Staffs & Shropshire Club's Road Race League.

Meanwhile, Steven Locke finished 15th in the Gerry Thurlow Memorial Race on the
Yarborough Road Circuit at Lincoln over 50k.

MERCIA'S Peter Collins finished 15th in the third and fourth category road race
at Mallory Park.

The following evening, on the Curborough Sprint Circuit, Simon Parker finished
well up the field in the third, fourth and juniors race over one hour and five
laps.

The under-12 race saw another clean sweep for Plan B's Waters brothers, with
Joshua first and Bailey second, while Elliott was first in the undereight event.

In time trialling, five Mercia riders competed in the South Pennine RC 25-mile
event between Etwall and Uttoxeter.

There were some fast times, with Jack Hugill and Mick Skivington clocking
personal bests.

Noel Adams was the fastest.

Times: Adams 57:05, Hugill 57:10, Matt Simons 58:05, Skivington 1:01:39, Anne
Staley (Plan B) 1:03:15 and Tony Marlow 1:05:34. The winner was Matt Bottrill
(I- ride.co.uk) in 48:54.

ANOTHER fine evening on the Anslow circuit saw Clark follow up his hard ride in
the National Road Race Championship with the fastest time in Mercia's 10-mile
time trial.

Times: Clarke 22:54, Sean Sleigh 24:49, Daniel Partington 25:28, Hugill 25:37,
Phil Machin 25:52, Keith Staley 26:11, Ben Startin 26:56, Phil Jones 26:57, Jeff
Slinn 27:41, Mick Abbott 27:50, Craig Tucker 28:05, Alec Taylor 28:17, Marlow
29:27, Phil Knott 32:06 and Dave Peters 18:47 (one lap).



LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BM


                    Copyright 2010 Iliffe News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              838 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                  Burton Mail

                             July 10, 2010 Saturday

Clarke is second best Brit in road race championship

LENGTH: 488 words


CHURCH Gresley racer David Clarke was the second highest placed UK-based
professional in a major event in Lancashire.

Clarke sped to sixth place in the National Road Race Championship over 112 miles
at Pendle in the Trough of Bowland.

The seven-and-a-half-mile circuit around Pendle Hill was a tough one, with 300
metres of steep climbs, plus another mile of uphill terrain.

The decisive break of five riders went off the front after the first five laps,
including the Team Sky trio of Geraint Thomas, Peter Kennaugh and Ian Stannard,
Jeremy Hunt (Cervelo Test Team) and Simon Richardson (Sigma Sport Specialised).

Dan Fleeman (Raleigh RT) and Mercia HBM Cycling Club second-claim man Clarke,
racing for Pendragon Le Col Colnago, were at the head of the chasing bunch.

On the final lap, Thomas and Kennaugh went away from their rivals to take first
and second places in 5hrs 7mins 8secs.

Stannard was third, 2:20 behind, with Hunt at 7:59 and Richardson -- the first
UK-based professional -- 8:23 back.

Clarke outsprinted Fleeman to finish 10:41 behind the winner -- a superb effort
by the South Derbyshire rider on a day when the hot conditions took such a heavy
toll that only 31 of the 130-strong field completed the race.

BURTON Plan B's fourth category rider Kyle Abrahams had a good win when he beat
all the competitors in the category above him in the elite first, second, third
and fourth category road race over 55k at Knighton in Mid Wales. The race was
part of the South Staffs & Shropshire Club's Road Race League.

Meanwhile, Steven Locke finished 15th in the Gerry Thurlow Memorial Race on the
Yarborough Road Circuit at Lincoln over 50k.

MERCIA'S Peter Collins finished 15th in the third and fourth category road race
at Mallory Park.

The following evening, on the Curborough Sprint Circuit, Simon Parker finished
well up the field in the third, fourth and juniors race over one hour and five
laps.

The under-12 race saw another clean sweep for Plan B's Waters brothers, with
Joshua first and Bailey second, while Elliott was first in the undereight event.

In time trialling, five Mercia riders competed in the South Pennine RC 25-mile
event between Etwall and Uttoxeter.

There were some fast times, with Jack Hugill and Mick Skivington clocking
personal bests.

Noel Adams was the fastest.

Times: Adams 57:05, Hugill 57:10, Matt Simons 58:05, Skivington 1:01:39, Anne
Staley (Plan B) 1:03:15 and Tony Marlow 1:05:34. The winner was Matt Bottrill
(I- ride.co.uk) in 48:54.

ANOTHER fine evening on the Anslow circuit saw Clark follow up his hard ride in
the National Road Race Championship with the fastest time in Mercia's 10-mile
time trial.

Times: Clarke 22:54, Sean Sleigh 24:49, Daniel Partington 25:28, Hugill 25:37,
Phil Machin 25:52, Keith Staley 26:11, Ben Startin 26:56, Phil Jones 26:57, Jeff
Slinn 27:41, Mick Abbott 27:50, Craig Tucker 28:05, Alec Taylor 28:17, Marlow
29:27, Phil Knott 32:06 and Dave Peters 18:47 (one lap).



LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BM


                    Copyright 2010 Iliffe News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              839 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                               Belfast Telegraph

                              June 4, 2010 Friday
                                 First Edition

Mountain top for Dunlop

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 72

LENGTH: 647 words


LAST night's penultimate solo practice session at TT2010 was more about the
all-new 60km an hour speed limit through gasoline alley, rather than who could
topple TT King John McGuinness from the top of the current overall leaderboard,
or so we thought.

Introduced for the first time this year on safety grounds, each team has been
forced to fit a pit lane speed limiter to each machine, triggered manually by
the rider when entering the pit lane for fuel and new rubber.

Unfortunately a few riders didn't quite get it last night, including Dungannon's
Ryan Farquhar, riding through pit lane well above the legal 60km limit as they
left the holding area to start their opening lap.

No penalty was enforced during last night's familiarisation process, but should
a rider break the rules on race day, a minimum penalty of 30 seconds, growing to
60 seconds and possibly disqualification will be imposed, which should be
interesting during the heat of battle tomorrow.

Once the novelty had worn off, all eyes returned to the timing screens with HM
Plant Honda's new recruit, Keith Amor, posting a standing start lap of
128.691mph, his fastest so far on the TT Circuit.

Amor's quickest lap stood for less than 18 minutes when Ian Hutchinson (Padgetts
Honda) posted the second quickest lap of practice week, with a superb flying lap
of 130.165mph, less than a second slower than John McGuinness time from
Wednesday night.

Michael Dunlop, who has been nailed to the summit of the Supersport class
leaderboard all week, produced his fastest ever lap around the Mountain Circuit
at 127.496mph on his Robinson Honda Superbike, before explaining: "Yes, that's
the first time we've got the bike handling this week.

"We came up on yellow flags because of a crash, so I'm good for a 129mph lap on
this thing."

The confident 21-year-old then proceeded to add himself to business end of the
Superstock leaderboard, with a lap of 127.111mph (17mins:48.58s) from a standing
start -- the fastest Superstock lap of the session -- just eight seconds away
from class leader Farquhar on the KMR Kawasaki (128.076mph) and three seconds
adrift of second-placed man Amor (127.525mph) on the Corless/Jackson Racing BMW.

Cameron Donald's opening lap through the speed restricted pit-lane was more
eventful than most, immediately returning via the access road covered in petrol,
after the Monza cap fitted to his Superbike sprung open.

The Relentless by TAS Suzuki rider returned to the action posting a flying lap
of 128.838mph, showing that he too means business tomorrow.

Ballymoney's Adrian Archibald has been sitting quietly inside the top five in
the Superbike class all week, but an engine problem with his FB McKee Suzuki
forced him to pit after only one lap, with the 40-year-old taking his Superstock
machine out for a 124.23mph lap.

McAdoo Kawasaki Racing's Conor Cummins complained of reduced visibility and
yellow flags on the circuit during his Superbike stint, but the six feet four
inch Manxman still posted an impressive lap of 128.838mph, and he remains one of
the biggest threats to McGuinness' dominance in the Superbike class.

Farquhar continued to battle with his MSS Colchester Kawasaki Superbike, making
a number of adjustments after the opening lap. However, the Dungannon man is
improving at a steady pace, upping his best time to 125.049mph.

Farquhar also posted a lap of 122.818mph on his Supersport machine, keeping him
well in the hunt for middleweight honours.

Last night's session may have offered us the second 130mph lap of TT2010, but
the local talking point has to be Michael Dunlop, whose talent is just beginning
to manifest itself in all three of the four-stroke classes. Tonight's practice
session takes place at 6.20pm with solo machines first out on track.

CAPTION: Quick to shine: Michael Dunlop produced his fastest ever lap around the
Mountain Circuit last night. Matt Mackey/Presseye

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BT


                Copyright 2010 Belfast Telegraph Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              840 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                               Belfast Telegraph

                              June 4, 2010 Friday
                                 Derry Edition

Mountain top for Dunlop

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 72

LENGTH: 647 words


LAST night's penultimate solo practice session at TT2010 was more about the
all-new 60km an hour speed limit through gasoline alley, rather than who could
topple TT King John McGuinness from the top of the current overall leaderboard,
or so we thought.

Introduced for the first time this year on safety grounds, each team has been
forced to fit a pit lane speed limiter to each machine, triggered manually by
the rider when entering the pit lane for fuel and new rubber.

Unfortunately a few riders didn't quite get it last night, including Dungannon's
Ryan Farquhar, riding through pit lane well above the legal 60km limit as they
left the holding area to start their opening lap.

No penalty was enforced during last night's familiarisation process, but should
a rider break the rules on race day, a minimum penalty of 30 seconds, growing to
60 seconds and possibly disqualification will be imposed, which should be
interesting during the heat of battle tomorrow.

Once the novelty had worn off, all eyes returned to the timing screens with HM
Plant Honda's new recruit, Keith Amor, posting a standing start lap of
128.691mph, his fastest so far on the TT Circuit.

Amor's quickest lap stood for less than 18 minutes when Ian Hutchinson (Padgetts
Honda) posted the second quickest lap of practice week, with a superb flying lap
of 130.165mph, less than a second slower than John McGuinness time from
Wednesday night.

Michael Dunlop, who has been nailed to the summit of the Supersport class
leaderboard all week, produced his fastest ever lap around the Mountain Circuit
at 127.496mph on his Robinson Honda Superbike, before explaining: "Yes, that's
the first time we've got the bike handling this week.

"We came up on yellow flags because of a crash, so I'm good for a 129mph lap on
this thing."

The confident 21-year-old then proceeded to add himself to business end of the
Superstock leaderboard, with a lap of 127.111mph (17mins:48.58s) from a standing
start -- the fastest Superstock lap of the session -- just eight seconds away
from class leader Farquhar on the KMR Kawasaki (128.076mph) and three seconds
adrift of second-placed man Amor (127.525mph) on the Corless/Jackson Racing BMW.

Cameron Donald's opening lap through the speed restricted pit-lane was more
eventful than most, immediately returning via the access road covered in petrol,
after the Monza cap fitted to his Superbike sprung open.

The Relentless by TAS Suzuki rider returned to the action posting a flying lap
of 128.838mph, showing that he too means business tomorrow.

Ballymoney's Adrian Archibald has been sitting quietly inside the top five in
the Superbike class all week, but an engine problem with his FB McKee Suzuki
forced him to pit after only one lap, with the 40-year-old taking his Superstock
machine out for a 124.23mph lap.

McAdoo Kawasaki Racing's Conor Cummins complained of reduced visibility and
yellow flags on the circuit during his Superbike stint, but the six feet four
inch Manxman still posted an impressive lap of 128.838mph, and he remains one of
the biggest threats to McGuinness' dominance in the Superbike class.

Farquhar continued to battle with his MSS Colchester Kawasaki Superbike, making
a number of adjustments after the opening lap. However, the Dungannon man is
improving at a steady pace, upping his best time to 125.049mph.

Farquhar also posted a lap of 122.818mph on his Supersport machine, keeping him
well in the hunt for middleweight honours.

Last night's session may have offered us the second 130mph lap of TT2010, but
the local talking point has to be Michael Dunlop, whose talent is just beginning
to manifest itself in all three of the four-stroke classes. Tonight's practice
session takes place at 6.20pm with solo machines first out on track.

CAPTION: Quick to shine: Michael Dunlop produced his fastest ever lap around the
Mountain Circuit last night Matt Mackey/Presseye

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BT


                Copyright 2010 Belfast Telegraph Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              841 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                   Daily Star

                              May 8, 2010 Saturday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

JONATHAN'S REA OF HOPE

BYLINE: DAVE FERN

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 50

LENGTH: 207 words


JOnAThAn REA is in the mood for more victories in the chase for the World
Superbikes crown, starting with tomorrow's fifth round at Monza.

The hannspree Ten Kate honda rider from northern ireland, fresh from his winning
double last time out at Assen, quickly dialled into the demands of the
high-speed italian circuit.

"You need a bit of fight and determination as well as a fast bike to go well
here, and i've got that," said a confident Rea, who is third in the title
stakes. he knows that he has a fight on his hands, with cal crutchlow easing him
off provisional pole.

Pace crutchlow produced a stunning, lap record-busting time of 1min 44.577secs
late in the session.

But Rea has to concentrate on heading off the challenges of the two riders ahead
of him in the standings, leon haslam and Max Biaggi. They are both right on the
pace, with Alstare Suzuki star haslam marginally the faster of the two.

"This is a circuit where bike set-up is vital and that is what we have been
working at, while in the race, tactics in the slip-streaming battles are all
important," explained haslam.

he takes a 20-point advantage over local favourite and four-time world 250cc
champion Biaggi, who is desperate to give his Aprilia team victory in their home
round.

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Big chAllEngE: Rea

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DST


                       Copyright 2010 Express Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              842 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                             April 30, 2010 Friday

Zulfahmi eyes better show in Spain

SECTION: Pg. 43

LENGTH: 279 words


TEAM AirAsia-Sepang International Circuit rider Mohd Zulfahmi Khairuddin is
eager to improve on his performance in the season opener in Qatar two weeks ago
when he takes to his second 125cc World Championship ride in the Spanish
Motorcycle Grand Prix in Jerez this weekend.

"I've been training hard for the past two weeks to improve my fitness level so
that I can perform better in the upcoming race. The team have been working hard
to get the best setting for the bikes and my target is to finish the race and
improve on my position in Qatar," said the 19-year-old Zulfahmi.

"I am confident of a good outing in Jerez," added Zulfahmi, who crossed the
finish line 21st out of 26 riders in his debut race in Qatar.

Zulfahmi first gained recognition by making it to the top 20 of the Shell
Advance Malaysian MotoGP 2009 in the 125cc category, racing as a wild card for
the AirAsia Malaysia 125cc MotoGP Team.

His entry into the World Championships makes him the first Malaysian to compete
on the world stage in the 125GP class, and only the second to compete in any
World Championships class after former 250cc rider Shahrol Yuzy Ahmad Zaini, his
mentor.

"I underwent the IRTA test in Jerez last month, so I am somewhat familiar with
the track. I hope to perform better in the Spanish MotoGP than how I performed
in the test," said Zulfahmi.

AirAsia Group chief executive officer Datuk Seri Dr Tony Fernandes said the team
were confident in Zulfahmi's ability to improve.

"We are confident of Zulfahmi achieving a good result in Jerez. He is a very
talented and competitive rider, and his display during the two weeks of training
reflects his utmost desire to win," said Fernandes.

( END )

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2010 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad
                              All Rights Reserved


                              843 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                             April 30, 2010 Friday

Zulfahmi eyes better show in Spain

SECTION: Pg. 43

LENGTH: 279 words


TEAM AirAsia-Sepang International Circuit rider Mohd Zulfahmi Khairuddin is
eager to improve on his performance in the season opener in Qatar two weeks ago
when he takes to his second 125cc World Championship ride in the Spanish
Motorcycle Grand Prix in Jerez this weekend.

"I've been training hard for the past two weeks to improve my fitness level so
that I can perform better in the upcoming race. The team have been working hard
to get the best setting for the bikes and my target is to finish the race and
improve on my position in Qatar," said the 19-year-old Zulfahmi.

"I am confident of a good outing in Jerez," added Zulfahmi, who crossed the
finish line 21st out of 26 riders in his debut race in Qatar.

Zulfahmi first gained recognition by making it to the top 20 of the Shell
Advance Malaysian MotoGP 2009 in the 125cc category, racing as a wild card for
the AirAsia Malaysia 125cc MotoGP Team.

His entry into the World Championships makes him the first Malaysian to compete
on the world stage in the 125GP class, and only the second to compete in any
World Championships class after former 250cc rider Shahrol Yuzy Ahmad Zaini, his
mentor.

"I underwent the IRTA test in Jerez last month, so I am somewhat familiar with
the track. I hope to perform better in the Spanish MotoGP than how I performed
in the test," said Zulfahmi.

AirAsia Group chief executive officer Datuk Seri Dr Tony Fernandes said the team
were confident in Zulfahmi's ability to improve.

"We are confident of Zulfahmi achieving a good result in Jerez. He is a very
talented and competitive rider, and his display during the two weeks of training
reflects his utmost desire to win," said Fernandes.

( END )

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2010 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad
                              All Rights Reserved


                              844 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                  Sunday Life

                                 April 4, 2010
                                  Main Edition

tommy's not over the hill

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 90

LENGTH: 257 words


RELENTLESS Suzuki pair Michael Laverty and Alastair Seeley were placed fifth and
seventh respectively after yesterday's third free practice session for the
Easter Monday opening round of the MCE Insurance British Superbike Championship
at Brands Hatch.

Tommy Hill powered his Worx Suzuki top of the practice leaderboard at the end of
the day.

The rider from nearby Lingfield clocked a best time of 45.926 seconds, at an
average speed of 93.95mph around the short 1.1986-mile Indy circuit.

Hill said: "I'd had a few issues with the bike and wanted to use this session to
sort them, so I was in and out of the pits a lot, looking to find the
consistency that we need.

"We have everything right now, so we can really start pushing for better times
as it is important on this short circuit that I am up front on the grid."

Carrick rider Seeley had earlier been fastest in opening free practice, despite
a late crash which saw him slide off at Druids in the final seconds of the
hour-long session.

The reigning National Superstock champion was 0.815secs faster than the field
despite his late crash.

He admitted: "I touched the white line at the inside of the corner, which was a
bit of a shame as I felt I was on for an even better time.

"It is a good start to the weekend, but the downside is I've given the team some
extra work and scuffed my new boots."

Seeley's teammate Michael Laverty showed real improvement in the final session
to move fifth fastest.

Seeley ended up seventh fastest, despite topping the times with 10 minutes of
the session remaining.

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SL


                  Copyright 2010 Belfast Telegraph Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              845 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            Daily Post (North Wales)

                          February 17, 2010 Wednesday
                              North Wales Edition

Two-wheeled thrills downhill for Hughes;
James Hughes, one of the UK's top mountain bikers and a regular on the World Cup
cicruit, tells Gareth Bicknell how his passion for the sport was fuelled by
growing up in N.Wales

BYLINE: James Hughes

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 41

LENGTH: 595 words


DURING the week he's a quantity surveyor, but at weekends James Hughes travels
the world getting his kicks by hurtling down steep slopes on two wheels.

Having got into the sport as a 10-year-old growing up the hills of North Wales,
Hughes is now one of the UK's top downhill mountain bikers.

The 30-year-old also competes internationally and on the World Cup circuit, and
when the season starts next month it will take him to locations such as Spain
and possibly even California.

Hughes will also be targeting podium places on the domestic circuit - and it all
started when, as a youngster growing up in Tal-y-Cafn, near Llanrwst, he
received a mountain bike for Christmas.

"It was just something I got into because of where I lived near Llanrwst," says
Hughes, now living in Gyffin, Conwy.

"I just got a mountain bike one Christmas when I was 10 years old and it went
from there - although I didn't start racing until I was 15.

"I started doing cross-country but I found I wasn't fast on the uphills. Then
downhill mountain biking came about and I gave it a go and loved it from then
on."

For anybody unfamiliar with downhill mountain biking, it is exactly what it says
on the tin - riders go off at 30-second intervals, tackling a course marked out
down the steep slope of a hill or mountain, with the fastest man down to the
bottom the winner.

Hughes likens it to downhill skiiing - but what does it take to master what must
be among the most nerve-racking of cycling disciplines? "Maybe to the average
person it might seem quite daring, but when you've been doing it a few years you
don't really get scared.

"I worked abroad in France for a while as well - that got me a lot faster
because I was racing in the Alps."

Hughes is one of the top 30 riders in the UK - although last season he got a
couple of second places on the national circuit and was also second in the Welsh
Championships in Newtown.

For the last five years he has also competed on the global stage, having amassed
enough ranking points to ride on the World Cup circuit. In events typically
featuring the world's top 300 riders Hughes' best finish was an impressive 26th
in Canada.

"When you race against the best guys in the world there's no room for error," he
says. "When I was younger, when I was working abroad, I did pretty well and
ended up being ranked 55th at the end of the World Cup series.

"Internationally I'm dropping off a bit now because there's a lot of younger
lads coming through. Domestically I'm still at the same level, but at the world
level it's a lot harder because I haven't got the time to devote to training."

Hughes is now looking to pass on his experience to youngsters taking part in a
burgeoning scene in North Wales.

He says: "I ride with a lot of young riders and I help out wherever I can. I
take them riding at the weekends - I'd like to get involved more as there's
quite a big scene near Llanrwst."

And while mountain biking can be an expensive sport in which to compete, Hughes
has this advice for youngsters who have a passion for it: stick with it.

"It's quite a difficult sport to get into because it's expensive," he says.
"When you start off it's difficult to get cheaper equipment from bike shops, but
as you get better at you find you get more discounts so it becomes less
difficult."

As for the future, does Hughes have any ambitions left to fulfil in the sport?
"Definitely," he says. "I'd still like to get top 50 in the World Cup, and I'd
like to podium in the national championships."

Hughes adds: "I don't think it's impossible."

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  James Hughes (top) in action on his downhill mountain bike

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: dp


                       Copyright 2010 Trinity Mirror plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              846 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               Loughborough Echo

                               September 25, 2009
                                  1st Edition

A track day with a difference

BYLINE: Harriet Ridley

SECTION: Pg. 127

LENGTH: 556 words


I'D been looking forward to the Castle Combe round of the Desmodue championship
for a while.

I love this track; it's not the usual grand MSV circuit frequented by the MotoGP
and British superbikes crowd.

It's a super-fast historic track set in beautiful Wiltshire, right next to the
village that goes by the same name that also happens to be the UK's most
photographed place.

We were racing on Saturday only with no Friday practice. Instead, we had to book
on the weekly Wednesday track day that's organised very differently to others
I'd attended.

Instead of the usual three 20-minute groups packed with up to 50 riders, only 12
riders are allowed out on track at any one time. This means six 10-minute
sessions rotated throughout the day.

The upside is there's plenty of room on the track, and there wasn't a single
crash that the day; the chequered flag is out before anyone has time to get
tired and lose focus.

And the different format is all down to noise restrictions. Every racetrack in
the country must adhere to noise regulations, with Castle Combe affected more
than most.

Sadly, people in the surrounding villages are delighted that houses are so cheap
and snap them up, then spend their lives complaining about vroom-vroom noises
from the nearby racetrack.

And so, although my Ducati 600SS desmodue racer passes noise restrictions even
on a quiet Donington day, I had to fit baffles to quieten it down for Castle
Combe.

"CastleCombe was one of the first circuits to organise track days, back in
1993," explains Rodney Gooch from Castle Combe. "The council granted us planning
permission for a maximum of 12 events per year with a static noise limit of
105db, and only 12 bikes circulating together. On top of that we can run 10 race
meetings per year, only one of which is for bikes."

Failure to comply with the regulations means CastleCombe is in breach of its
planning regulations.

"We've been to court to fight draconian legislation brought on by a few
disgruntled local residents who knew about the circuit before they moved here,"
says Rodney. "But we lost and paid a heavy price. We must comply or it can only
get worse."

But don't let that put you off.

Make sure you have baffles with you in case your bike doesn't pass the noise
test and you'll be rewarded with a brilliant day at one of the country's
friendliest circuits that comes with a fantastic atmosphere. I was lucky to be
racing at the year's only bike race meeting. Race day was packed with
spectators, more so than at any other meeting.

I was sometimes blinded by the camera flashes as I raced my way round.

I had to put on a good show. And I didn't disappoint. Betty the race bike and I
were on form.

We'd been on form at the previous Cadwell Park round too. But we got wiped out
at the chicane by another over-eager rider while leading the race. So I made
sure my laptimes were so fast that no one could come close to me!

And so I broke the lap record in qualifying to fire Betty on pole position, won
both races and annihilated the lap record for the class in the process. I now
hold the lap record around Castle Combe - a cool 1:25.40, compared to the
previous 1:26.59 set three years ago.

I'm also the first woman to win a motorcycle race at Castle Combe. For a track
day with a difference, check out www.castlecombecircuit.co.uk.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2009 MGN Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              847 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                 Bath Chronicle

                               September 17, 2009

Cox battles back at Croft

SECTION: Pg. 101

LENGTH: 254 words


Motorcycling  Victor Cox was out to prove that his encouraging debut on the J&L
Racing Yamaha R1 at Cadwell Park two weeks ago  was no fluke when he competed in
the Croft round of the National Superstock 1000 Championship.

With his regular local team of technicians attending to the bike over the race
weekend, there was a businesslike but easy atmosphere in the Bradford on Avon
rider's pit garage.

From the lessons learned at Cadwell it was much easier to find a race set-up
that did not compromise the lack of top speed in the Yamaha.

Steady progress was made during qualifying and a third-row start position of
12th  meant that the team could have an early night.

Race day loomed but  Cox missed a gear at the first bend,  which he exited in
21st place having watched the pack clear off into the distance.

He battled back to 14th after five laps around  the  bumpy circuit  and set
about chasing the fast men on his near-perfect mount.

With Steve Brogan and Isle of Man legend John McGuinness setting a fast pace at
the front of the field, the laps were ticking down with Cox  being towed around
by another TT favourite, Connor Cummings.

Cox was the fastest man on track for the last few laps, climbing to a fine ninth
place at the flag.

There is still more development left in the bike and the J&L team are already
preparing for Silverstone in two weeks' time,  hoping that the combination of
rider ability and a great chassis will overcome the lack of ultimate power
needed on the long straights of the Northamptonshire circuit.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 66


                      Copyright 2009 Bristol United Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              848 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            Daily Post (North Wales)

                          September 2, 2009 Wednesday
                                 Mersey Edition

Day I was queen of the Castle;
BIKES

BYLINE: Harriet Ridley

SECTION: Pg. 27

LENGTH: 534 words


I'D BEEN looking forward to the Castle Combe round of the Desmodue championship
for a while.

I love this track; it's not the usual grand MSV circuit frequented by the MotoGP
and British superbikes crowd.

It's a super-fast historic track set in beautiful Wiltshire, right next to the
village that goes by the same name that also happens to be the UK's most
photographed place.

We were racing on Saturday only, with no Friday practice. Instead, we had to
book on the weekly Wednesday track day that's organised very differently to
others I'd attended.

Instead of the usual three 20-minute groups packed with up to 50 riders, only 12
riders are allowed out on track at any one time. This means six 10-minute
sessions rotated throughout the day.

The upside is there's plenty of room on the track, and there wasn't a single
crash that the day; the chequered flag is out before anyone has time to get
tired and lose focus.

And the different format is all down to noise restrictions. Every racetrack in
the country must adhere to noise regulations, with Castle Combe affected more
than most.

Sadly, people in the surrounding villages are delighted that houses are so cheap
and snap them up, then spend their lives complaining about vroom-vroom noises
from the nearby racetrack.

And so, although my Ducati 600SS desmodue racer passes noise restrictions even
on a quiet Donington day, I had to fit baffles to quieten it down for Castle
Combe.

"Castle Combe was one of the first circuits to organise track days, back in
1993," explains Rodney Gooch, from Castle Combe. "The council granted us
planning permission for a maximum of 12 events per year with a static noise
limit of 105db, and only 12 bikes circulating together. On top of that, we can
run 10 race meetings per year, only one of which is for bikes."

Failure to comply with the regulations means Castle Combe is in breach of its
planning regulations.

"We've been to court to fight draconian legislation brought on by a few
disgruntled local residents who knew about the circuit before they moved here,"
says Rodney. "But we lost and paid a heavy price. We must comply or it can only
get worse."

But don't let that put you off. Make sure you have baffles with you in case your
bike doesn't pass the noise test and you'll be rewarded with a brilliant day at
one of the country's friendliest circuits that comes with a fantastic
atmosphere.

I was lucky to be racing at the year's only bike race meeting. Race day was
packed with spectators, more so than at any other meeting.

I had to put on a good show. And I didn't disappoint. Betty the race bike and I
were on for m.

We'd been on form at the previous Cadwell Park round, too. But we got wiped out
at the chicane by another over-eager rider while leading the race. So I made
sure my laptimes were so fast that no one could come close to me!

And so I broke the lap record in qualifying to fire Betty on pole position, won
both races and annihilated the lap record for the class in the process. I now
hold the lap record around Castle Combe - a cool 1:25.40, compared to the
previous 1:26.59 set three years ago. ¦ FOR a track day with a difference, check
out www.castlecombecircuit.co.uk

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Harriet Ridley in action at Castle Combe, on her way to breaking the
lap record

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 Trinity Mirror plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              849 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                  Burton Mail

                            August 20, 2009 Thursday

Taylor finds it tough in Brno

LENGTH: 484 words


AFTER securing a seasons best result of ninth at his home circuit of Donington
Park in the previous round of the Red Bull MotoGP Rookies Cup, Taylor Mackenzie
was confident of continuing that form in the championships double-header final
event at the Brno Circuit in the Czech Republic last weekend, writes STEVE
GOUGH.But after making a positive start to the meeting, as he set the seventh
fastest time of the first qualifying session on his track debut, it
unfortunately all went wrong for the young Ashby racer from then on.Unable to go
any quicker in the second qualifying session as he battled an inexplicable grip
issue with a rear tyre that just wanted to slide at every corner, Mackenzie
slipped down the order to start from 14th on the grid  just one place shy of his
best qualifying position of the year.Usually one of the quickest off the line,
it was not so for Mackenzie in Saturdays race as the 16-year-old, who is also a
regular competitor in the British 125GP Championship, made his worst star of the
season.Relegated to 20th position, Mackenzies first session qualifying
performance had boosted his confidence and, as he rediscovered that pace, the
youngster was soon working his way back through the field.Climbing to the same
14th position he started from, Mackenzies tussle to progress even further
unfortunately ended with him sliding out of the race after he ran on to the
dirty part of the circuit and lost the front end of his 125cc KTM machine as he
looked to execute his passing manoeuvre.Determined to do better in Sundays
series-concluding race, Mackenzie again went backwards off the start as he
dropped back to 18th before once more chasing down those in front of him to
latch onto the back of a bunch of riders battling for ninth.However, while that
group of eight riders in positions nine to 16 were covered by a mere 1.045
seconds at the end of a closely fought contest, Mackenzie was unfortunately not
among them after he was forced to retire from the race on lap four.Realising the
throttle was stuck wide open when he noticed the cable had slipped out as he
sped down the straight, Mackenzies quickthinking fortunately averted disaster as
he turned off the engine and safely coasted to a halt.Scoring points in three of
the eight races that made up the championship, Mackenzie, who is now waiting to
hear if the series will run again in 2010 and whether he will be invited to take
part if it does, ended his debut season in the class that included many riders
retained from 2008 in 20th place overall.And although that would probably have
been higher had his Czech Republic trip not gone so horribly wrong, Mackenzie is
also fully aware that the potential repercussions from his second race drama
could have been far worse as he now prepares to concentrate on his British 125GP
Championship campaign that continues at Cadwell Park over the August Bank
Holiday weekend.

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BM


                    Copyright 2009 Iliffe News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              850 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                  Sunday Life

                                August 16, 2009
                                  Main Edition

GOOD GUY IS BEST -- AT LAST FAST-talking Lincolnshire rider Guy Martin saved his
best for last as he won the final race of the day.

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 96

LENGTH: 355 words


GOOD GUY IS BEST -- AT LAST FAST-talking Lincolnshire rider Guy Martin saved his
best for last as he won the final race of the day.

This was the second Superbike event which developed into a high-speed train of
five riders battling their way round the famous 7.5mile Dundrod circuit.

Afterwards Martin commented: "It has been a lean sort of season for me but at
long last I've achieved an international Superbike win at a real road circuit.

"Back in 2006, I scored a four-timer at the Prix but this win is just as sweet.
Mind you, I had to work overtime for it."

Manxman Conor Cummins got the best start in front of the packed grandstand but
by the end of the opening lap it was Gary Johnson tailing Cummins as they
flashed down through the pits.

At this stage, Martin was in third place with New Zealander Bruce Anstey fourth
and Ian Hutchinson fifth.

Then on the second circuit there was a change at the front with Johnson taking
the initiative, but he couldn't pull clear of Cummins, Martin, Anstey and
Hutchinson in that order.

However, by lap four, Anstey was out of the running but at this stage less than
half a second covered the leading foursome of Martin, Hutchinson, Cummins and
Johnson.

Needless to say the race was heading towards a cliff-hanging finish with four
equally-matched contenders.

However, Martin held his nerve to take the win by less than 0.1 seconds over
Johnson with Hutchinson third and Cummins fourth.

In fact, in this blanket finish there was less than 0.5 seconds covering the
leading quartet.

Afterwards Johnson commented: " I've never won an International race but at one
stage I thought I was going to do it at the Grand Prix. Still, it was an
exciting race to be involved in."

A victorious Martin said: "I've had a tough time this y ear but I always enjoy
coming to Dundrod and to achieve this win has left me in an upbeat mood."

The Welshman Ian Lougher, who is now based in County Down, finished up fifth
while the best local rider was Adrian Archibald from Ballymoney in sixth place.

The day will be remembered by the huge crowd of spectators for two sensational
Superbike races, won by Cummins and Martin.

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SL


                  Copyright 2009 Belfast Telegraph Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              851 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               Croydon Advertiser

                                  May 1, 2009

Chase pays off for happy calland

SECTION: Pg. 55

LENGTH: 415 words


Norwood Paragon's Steve Calland notched an emphatic victory in the club's open
road race promotion.

Calland  started his week's racing at Dunsfold last Tuesday evening in the E/1/2
scratch race. He was joined by team-mates Niall Pugin, Dave Mascall, Phill
Burgess, James Stuart and Graeme Gardiner with Stuart making the key break with
Calland.

This break of six stayed clear with Stuart working hard in the last lap to
maintain the gap on the bunch.  Calland narrowly lost out to J Hoy (Felt) in the
sprint where he finished second. Stuart was  sixth.

Last Sunday's Les Ingman Memorial Race on the challenging Bletchingley circuit,
a 130km E/1/2/3 race, attracted strong teams.

Nine Paragons were in the race with D Kennett, J Stuart, M Brueton, P McGuigan,
A McKie, R Painter, S Warren, P Griffiths joining Calland.

The hilly circuit quickly took its toll on riders as the bunch broke up and lap
three saw four riders break clear from a diminished peloton.

Calland and Cotterell (InGear) rode across to the break and worked hard to build
up a lead over the last five laps. The bunch came to within 20 seconds of the
break at one point, but never regained contact.

The group of seven reached the final Smallfield turn and London Dynamo's T
Hemmant attacked gaining 200m in the run to the end.

Calland led the chase at the front of the break and then attacked hard on the
steep climb before the finish.

This effort ejected the rest of the break as Calland usurped Hemmant at the top
of the hill, riding straight past to clinch victory by  five seconds and the
bunch eventually finished a further minute behind the leaders.  Kennett was 32nd
and Griffiths  45th.

Angus McAlister, at Dunsfold in the E/1/2 race last Saturday, make it into the
lead break and ended fifth.

On the same day Stuart was  the fastest of four Paragons in the Kingston Phoenix
10m TT at North Holmwood. He finished sixth in windy conditions in 23:02.
Brueton was ninth in 23:18, Simon Hazeldine 23:52 and Colin Gray 27:06. Norwood
missed the team prize by 17 seconds.

Niall Pugin represented  Paragon at Hove Park last Friday in the 2/3 circuit
race, finishing 14th.

Dan Sullivan, in Nottingham University colours, set a new PB in the Student
National 10m TT championships of 22:29 (28th).

In the Premier Calendar Rutland CiCle Classic,  Jason Humphries lost touch with
the leaders after 45 miles  of a contest in tribute to the Paris Roubaix. It
included unmade roads  and attracted almost 200 riders from the UK and the
continent.

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 297


                    Copyright 2009 Northcliffe Media Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              852 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                Portadown Times

                                  May 1, 2009

Burns views County Armagh meeting as picture perfect

BYLINE: Staff reporter

LENGTH: 224 words



HIGHLIGHT: DAVID Burns spent a number of years capturing the images from various
Tandragee 100 highlights on behalf of The Portadown Times.


Although he plans to visit this weekend's anniversary as a fan, the lensman
remains enthusiastic about the famous course from a professional viewpoint.

"In many ways, the appeal of the circuit to riders was mirrored by the
photographers," he said. "Tandragee is over five miles long and features a
variety of sections, ranging from fast roads to jumps and testing bends.

"Riders love it for those reasons and it certainly offers up wonderful
opportunities for photographers.

"I always felt I had a responsibility as a photographer to promote the sport and
showcase not only the big names but also the guys from the area working away
year in, year out.

"I loved the fact that you could just walk up for a chat with the riders and
they were always appreciative of the fact someone was on hand to raise the
profile of road racing.

"It was a great feeling when a sponsor would get in touch and ask for a copy of
a certain pic but my main thrill came from putting those riders in the
spotlight.

"I have so much respect for road racing and everyone involved in it, from behind
the scenes to the guys in the saddle.

"It was always nice to shoot someone like Raymond Hanna then Phillip McCallen's
success proved a big turning point, I feel, in pushing forward the Tandragee
100.

"I just love the Tandragee 100 and am looking forward to a great day on
Saturday."

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PORT


                       Copyright 2009 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              853 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                   Irish News

                             April 17, 2009 Friday

Sport - Motorcycling - Farquhar leads strong Irish contingent

BYLINE: Willis Marshall

SECTION: Pg. 62

LENGTH: 334 words


A host of Irish riders will travel to the north Yorkshire venue of Scarborough
this weekend for the first of the season's road races, with the Ian Watson
Spring Cup taking centre stage at the two-and-a-half mile Oliver's Mount
circuit.

Heading the line-up will be last year's double Irish Road Race champion Ryan
Farquhar from Dungannon, who will be going all out in the Supersport 600 and
Superbike races on his KMR Racing Kawasakis.

Welshman Ian Lougher, something of a circuit specialist, will be hoping to add
to his many Scarborough victories.

The Welsh wizard is competing in four classes - 125, 250, SS600 and Superbike -
and he is quite capable of taking victory in them all.

Lougher will again be backed by the team he will manage in 2009, Blackhorse
Yamaha, a team he has taken to the top at most of the international meetings in
Britain and Ireland.

Lougher and Farquhar will need to be at their best this weekend, however, as Guy
Martin will be in attendance.

Martin, who rides for Hydrex Honda, has decided to take in the Spring Cup
meeting at a circuit on which he holds the outright lap record.

After enduring an unlucky season last term, he is determined to be stronger than
ever in 2009, and he means to start this weekend.

Another notable Irish entry is Michael Dunlop, who goes in the 125, 250 and 600
classes.

Michael's brother William will contest just the 125 and 250cc races after
suffering a hefty spill on Easter Monday at Kirkistown.

Add in Lisburn's Ivan Shanley, Lurgan's Dwyer Agnew, Ballygowan's Michael
Pearson and Antrim's comeback kid Darren Burns, and there is indeed a huge input
from the Irish scene again at Scarborough.

Of the English entries, Scunthorpe's Daniel Frear and Maidstone's Steve Mercer
are worthy of respect.

Both riders have shown their hands at different ends of the sport, with Frear a
particularly handy rider around Scarborough, while Mercer is one of the best
Superbike privateers in the game.

All in all, it really is shaping up to be a cracker of a meeting.

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 The Irish News Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              854 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                      Western Morning News (Plymouth, UK)

                             April 17, 2009 Friday

Gillett ready for fightback at Whiteway;
Remedies Bar Motocross champion Andrew Gillett is planning a fightback in the
fifth round of the current series staged by the West of England club at Whiteway
Barton, near Kingsteignton, on Sunday.

BYLINE: Mick Perry

SECTION: Pg. 33

LENGTH: 371 words


It follows disappointing results in the two previous rounds at Torrington over
the Bank Holiday weekend. The Port Talbot Kawasaki rider fell in one of the
races on the Waggadon Farm circuit on Sunday, crushing his exhaust system in the
process, and being unable to fit a replacement for Monday's meeting meant that
his bike lacked power.

His main rival, John May, increased his lead by winning all three races on
Sunday, but he had to be content with third, fifth and second places in Monday's
races, which were all won by Didcot rider Sebastian Osborne. The latter may not
contest this Sunday's meeting, but those who will include George Davis, Luke
Hill, Luke Mellows and Brad Cavill.

Plymouth's Darren Shears and Will Worden will be renewing their rivalry in the
125/250 class championship races at the same eveny, and there are also nine
junior and three over 35 years of age races in a 15-race programme.

There is more top-line action a few miles distant at Littlehempston, near
Totnes, where the Teignbridge club are staging their second ORPA meeting of the
year on the Fishacre Barton circuit.

Leading experts in action will include Nick Life, Paul Vallance, Ryan Blee, Matt
Forester, Josh Dare and Paul Deeble, while Ryan Hooper, Ollie Savery, Gareth
Townsend and Bill Farleigh are expected to shine in the inter-junior events.

Some 115 enduro enthusiasts will be in action in the Camel Vale club's round of
the South West Championship in Hustyn Woods, near Wadebridge, on Sunday. They
include title class contenders Jason Fraser, Tim Lewis, Chris Dustow and Max
Hembroke, while Tim Cotton, Richard Tucker and Gary Prisk will be competing in
the experts event, which is being run on a new-look eight-mile course.

On the trials front, the Moretonhamsptead club are running their Leighton-Steer
Trophy event at Bullaton Farm near Bovey Tracey on Sunday.

Being a Grade B event, it will attract a big entry of club men from both Devon
and Cornwall, most of whom will be entering at the start, so it is not possible
to give a run-down on who will be there.

One  absentee will be Centre Championship leader Ricky Wiggins, who will be
contesting the experts' class in a National Championship event near Neath in
south Wales on that day.

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 83


                 Copyright 2009 Western Morning News (Plymouth)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              855 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                      Western Morning News (Plymouth, UK)

                             April 17, 2009 Friday

Gillett ready for fightback at Whiteway;
Remedies Bar Motocross champion Andrew Gillett is planning a fightback in the
fifth round of the current series staged by the West of England club at Whiteway
Barton, near Kingsteignton, on Sunday.

BYLINE: Mick Perry

SECTION: Pg. 33

LENGTH: 371 words


It follows disappointing results in the two previous rounds at Torrington over
the Bank Holiday weekend. The Port Talbot Kawasaki rider fell in one of the
races on the Waggadon Farm circuit on Sunday, crushing his exhaust system in the
process, and being unable to fit a replacement for Monday's meeting meant that
his bike lacked power.

His main rival, John May, increased his lead by winning all three races on
Sunday, but he had to be content with third, fifth and second places in Monday's
races, which were all won by Didcot rider Sebastian Osborne. The latter may not
contest this Sunday's meeting, but those who will include George Davis, Luke
Hill, Luke Mellows and Brad Cavill.

Plymouth's Darren Shears and Will Worden will be renewing their rivalry in the
125/250 class championship races at the same eveny, and there are also nine
junior and three over 35 years of age races in a 15-race programme.

There is more top-line action a few miles distant at Littlehempston, near
Totnes, where the Teignbridge club are staging their second ORPA meeting of the
year on the Fishacre Barton circuit.

Leading experts in action will include Nick Life, Paul Vallance, Ryan Blee, Matt
Forester, Josh Dare and Paul Deeble, while Ryan Hooper, Ollie Savery, Gareth
Townsend and Bill Farleigh are expected to shine in the inter-junior events.

Some 115 enduro enthusiasts will be in action in the Camel Vale club's round of
the South West Championship in Hustyn Woods, near Wadebridge, on Sunday. They
include title class contenders Jason Fraser, Tim Lewis, Chris Dustow and Max
Hembroke, while Tim Cotton, Richard Tucker and Gary Prisk will be competing in
the experts event, which is being run on a new-look eight-mile course.

On the trials front, the Moretonhamsptead club are running their Leighton-Steer
Trophy event at Bullaton Farm near Bovey Tracey on Sunday.

Being a Grade B event, it will attract a big entry of club men from both Devon
and Cornwall, most of whom will be entering at the start, so it is not possible
to give a run-down on who will be there.

One  absentee will be Centre Championship leader Ricky Wiggins, who will be
contesting the experts' class in a National Championship event near Neath in
south Wales on that day.

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 83


                 Copyright 2009 Western Morning News (Plymouth)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              856 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                      Western Morning News (Plymouth, UK)

                             April 17, 2009 Friday

Gillett ready for fightback at Whiteway;
Remedies Bar Motocross champion Andrew Gillett is planning a fightback in the
fifth round of the current series staged by the West of England club at Whiteway
Barton, near Kingsteignton, on Sunday.

BYLINE: Mick Perry

SECTION: Pg. 33

LENGTH: 371 words


It follows disappointing results in the two previous rounds at Torrington over
the Bank Holiday weekend. The Port Talbot Kawasaki rider fell in one of the
races on the Waggadon Farm circuit on Sunday, crushing his exhaust system in the
process, and being unable to fit a replacement for Monday's meeting meant that
his bike lacked power.

His main rival, John May, increased his lead by winning all three races on
Sunday, but he had to be content with third, fifth and second places in Monday's
races, which were all won by Didcot rider Sebastian Osborne. The latter may not
contest this Sunday's meeting, but those who will include George Davis, Luke
Hill, Luke Mellows and Brad Cavill.

Plymouth's Darren Shears and Will Worden will be renewing their rivalry in the
125/250 class championship races at the same eveny, and there are also nine
junior and three over 35 years of age races in a 15-race programme.

There is more top-line action a few miles distant at Littlehempston, near
Totnes, where the Teignbridge club are staging their second ORPA meeting of the
year on the Fishacre Barton circuit.

Leading experts in action will include Nick Life, Paul Vallance, Ryan Blee, Matt
Forester, Josh Dare and Paul Deeble, while Ryan Hooper, Ollie Savery, Gareth
Townsend and Bill Farleigh are expected to shine in the inter-junior events.

Some 115 enduro enthusiasts will be in action in the Camel Vale club's round of
the South West Championship in Hustyn Woods, near Wadebridge, on Sunday. They
include title class contenders Jason Fraser, Tim Lewis, Chris Dustow and Max
Hembroke, while Tim Cotton, Richard Tucker and Gary Prisk will be competing in
the experts event, which is being run on a new-look eight-mile course.

On the trials front, the Moretonhamsptead club are running their Leighton-Steer
Trophy event at Bullaton Farm near Bovey Tracey on Sunday.

Being a Grade B event, it will attract a big entry of club men from both Devon
and Cornwall, most of whom will be entering at the start, so it is not possible
to give a run-down on who will be there.

One  absentee will be Centre Championship leader Ricky Wiggins, who will be
contesting the experts' class in a National Championship event near Neath in
south Wales on that day.

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 83


                 Copyright 2009 Western Morning News (Plymouth)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              857 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        Cumberland Times-News (Maryland)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           January 10, 2009 Saturday

State association reviews work of Frostburg historic commission: Report suggests
group become more formal, accessible

BYLINE: Cumberland Times News, Md.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 405 words


Jan. 10--FROSTBURG -- A circuit rider for the Maryland Association of Historic
District Commissions recently completed a report dealing with Frostburg's
efforts, suggesting that the local group become more formal and accessible.

"I commend the commission for the efforts it has made over the past year,
including use of a (more suitable) permit application," wrote Susan West
Montgomery in her December report.

Montgomery, who is based in Frederick, visited the Frostburg Historic District
Commission in May. Frostburg's commission is chaired by Jeanne Cordts.

The commission's task is to review projects proposed within the city's historic
district, looking for compliance with guidelines.

Frostburg was one of 10 districts reviewed by Montgomery in 2008.

Among her recommendations:

--Add a provision allowing for demolition or at least adopt a policy that would
encourage owners to maintain their properties.

--Create bylaws that govern commission meetings and post them, along with
meeting minutes, on the city Web site.

--Adopt Roberts Rules of Order for conducting meetings.

--Prepare and adopt design guidelines.

--Create a project application form designed for Frostburg's specific historic
needs.

--Change the time of the meetings from 1:30 p.m. on Monday to sometime after 5
p.m. on a weekday to become more convenient for public participation.

--Make meetings more formal, including roll call, recognition of an available
quorum and review of agenda.

The local commission will discuss the report at its 1:30 p.m. meeting Monday at
the Frostburg Community Library.

Montgomery said she believes that her agency needs to find funding to provide
direct training to commission members who are unwilling or unable to attend
MAHDC workshops or conferences. "There is a clear need to meet the commission
where it lives and tailor training specifically to its needs," she said.

Montgomery said too that a swap program that allows members from one commission
to attend meetings at another historic district would be valuable.

To see more of the Cumberland Times News or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.times-news.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, Cumberland Times News, Md.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20090110-UM-State-association-reviews-work-of-Frostburg-historic-commission-0110

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UM


                                 Copyright 2009


                              858 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                 Sunday Mirror

                            November 30, 2008 Sunday
                                  Eire Edition

YANKEE DOODLE LAV

BYLINE: BY JIMMY WALKER

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 57

LENGTH: 214 words


MICHAEL LAVERTY is turning his back on the British Championship and gun for the
dollars in America.

Laverty, who rides for the Ulster-based TAS Suzuki team, has ridden consistently
in the British Superbike Championship and two years ago he won the British Super
Sport version.

However, Ulster's top motorcycle short circuit rider said: "I found the British
Championship is no longer my scene and I would like to take in the American
series.

"I've never raced in the States apart from some Super Moto events which were
only a bit of fun.

"But now I'm concentrating on the overall America series which would mean me
joining a US-based teams.

"I have been sounding out a few people in respect of a deal for next year, but
I'm pretty confident of getting one.

"This year I learned that the TAS team had changed in format with the addition
of Japanese rider Atsushi Watamabe, who will be riding in the British Superbike
Championship with Ulsterman Ian Lowry. This being the case, there is no real
room for me and I have decided to expand my horizons.

Laverty, who has parted on good terms with the TAS team, said: "I'll obviously
miss racing in the British Champions hip, but I regard this year as a turning
point in my career.

"Hopefully, I've made the right move by shooting for stars and stripes."

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: BIG MOVE: Michael Laverty

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                            Copyright 2008 MGN Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              859 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               Leicester Mercury

                          September 3, 2008 Wednesday

Bayliss aims to go out in style at Donington

BYLINE:  motor   cycling

SECTION: Pg. 47

LENGTH: 477 words


Troy Bayliss is gearing up for the British finale to his illustrious career in
the 11th round of the World Superbike Championship at Donington Park this
weekend.

The Ducati ace arrives at the Leicestershire circuit with a commanding 82-point
lead as he bids to take the crown for the third time before hanging up his
leather.

But Bayliss knows that nothing comes easy in this hard-fought series.

"I'm going to approach this round like I've done every other round this year,
the aim is always to get the best possible results and take as many points as
possible," he said.

"Although I'm still in the lead, it is all too easy to lose the advantage,
however big, and so you can't get complacent."

Bayliss has yet to take a World Superbike race win at Donington, something he is
eager to achieve this weekend.

"I really like racing there but have just never got the results I want," he
said. "It's another track where I've had mixed fortunes over the years."

Now he has the opportunity to show what might have been but, with Max
Neukirchner sensing the opportunity to reel him in together with the
ever-present threats of Troy Corser and Noriyuki Haga, not forgetting Max Biaggi
who has tasted MotoGP glory at the circuit, the promise is for a classic
showdown.

"The strong riders remain the same - Corser, Nori and Max Biaggi all went well
at Donington last year so they'll be the ones to look out for again this year,"
said Bayliss.

"The wild-card riders? Well, the British guys all know the circuit really well,
and we saw at Brands Hatch that that is a big benefit, with Kiyonari's double
win and Tom Sykes too, who was going well until he fell."

Sykes will be among the Brit pack in the races, aboard the Rizla Suzuki that has
powered him into second place in the domestic series, just ahead of local rider
Leon Haslam who took a winning double for HM Plant Honda in the Holiday Monday
round at Cadwell Park.

Cal Crutchlow, James Ellison and Gary Johnson will all be aiming for their slice
of glory.

Bayliss will be checking their form to ensure that he stays on track for the
crown, but also turns on the style for his legions of British fans.

"My fans in the UK have always been fantastic, so I hope to give something back
to them," he said.

"It's definitely been a strange year, I guess it's been a bit emotional all
year, knowing that I won't be back at any of the tracks again on a Superbike.

"The important thing is for me to maintain the points lead, and build on it. I'd
really like a win, that goes without saying, but we'll have to see what
happens."

The two superbike races provide the feature action on Sunday, but there are
races counting to the World Supersport Championship, European Superstock 1000
and 600 series, Suzuki GSXR Cup and the Thundersports GP1.

Tickets are available by telephoning the Donington hotline on 0871 230 7134, or
at:

www.donington-park.co.uk

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 44


                        Copyright 2008 Leicester Mercury
                              All Rights Reserved


                              860 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               Leicester Mercury

                          September 3, 2008 Wednesday

Bayliss aims to go out in style at Donington

BYLINE: motor cycling

SECTION: Pg. 47

LENGTH: 478 words


Troy Bayliss is gearing up for the British finale to his illustrious career in
the 11th round of the World Superbike Championship at Donington Park this
weekend.

The Ducati ace arrives at the Leicestershire circuit with a commanding 82-point
lead as he bids to take the crown for the third time before hanging up his
leather.

But Bayliss knows that nothing comes easy in this hard-fought series.

"I'm going to approach this round like I've done every other round this year,
the aim is always to get the best possible results and take as many points as
possible," he said.

"Although I'm still in the lead, it is all too easy to lose the advantage,
however big, and so you can't get complacent."

Bayliss has yet to take a World Superbike race win at Donington, something he is
eager to achieve this weekend.

"I really like racing there but have just never got the results I want," he
said. "It's another track where I've had mixed fortunes over the years."

Now he has the opportunity to show what might have been but, with Max
Neukirchner sensing the opportunity to reel him in together with the
ever-present threats of Troy Corser and Noriyuki Haga, not forgetting Max Biaggi
who has tasted MotoGP glory at the circuit, the promise is for a classic
showdown.

"The strong riders remain the same - Corser, Nori and Max Biaggi all went well
at Donington last year so they'll be the ones to look out for again this year,"
said Bayliss.

"The wild-card riders? Well, the British guys all know the circuit really well,
and we saw at Brands Hatch that that is a big benefit, with Kiyonari's double
win and Tom Sykes too, who was going well until he fell."

Sykes will be among the Brit pack in the races, aboard the Rizla Suzuki that has
powered him into second place in the domestic series, just ahead of local rider
Leon Haslam who took a winning double for HM Plant Honda in the Holiday Monday
round at Cadwell Park.

Cal Crutchlow, James Ellison and Gary Johnson will all be aiming for their slice
of glory.

Bayliss will be checking their form to ensure that he stays on track for the
crown, but also turns on the style for his legions of British fans.

"My fans in the UK have always been fantastic, so I hope to give something back
to them," he said.

"It's definitely been a strange year, I guess it's been a bit emotional all
year, knowing that I won't be back at any of the tracks again on a Superbike.

"The important thing is for me to maintain the points lead, and build on it. I'd
really like a win, that goes without saying, but we'll have to see what
happens."

The two superbike races provide the feature action on Sunday, but there are
races counting to the World Supersport Championship, European Superstock 1000
and 600 series, Suzuki GSXR Cup and the Thundersports GP1.

Tickets are available by telephoning the Donington hotline on 0871 230 7134, or
at:

http://www.donington-park.co.uk

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 44


                        Copyright 2008 Leicester Mercury
                              All Rights Reserved


                              861 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               Leicester Mercury

                          September 3, 2008 Wednesday

Bayliss aims to go out in style at Donington

BYLINE: motor cycling

SECTION: Pg. 47

LENGTH: 478 words


Troy Bayliss is gearing up for the British finale to his illustrious career in
the 11th round of the World Superbike Championship at Donington Park this
weekend.

The Ducati ace arrives at the Leicestershire circuit with a commanding 82-point
lead as he bids to take the crown for the third time before hanging up his
leather.

But Bayliss knows that nothing comes easy in this hard-fought series.

"I'm going to approach this round like I've done every other round this year,
the aim is always to get the best possible results and take as many points as
possible," he said.

"Although I'm still in the lead, it is all too easy to lose the advantage,
however big, and so you can't get complacent."

Bayliss has yet to take a World Superbike race win at Donington, something he is
eager to achieve this weekend.

"I really like racing there but have just never got the results I want," he
said. "It's another track where I've had mixed fortunes over the years."

Now he has the opportunity to show what might have been but, with Max
Neukirchner sensing the opportunity to reel him in together with the
ever-present threats of Troy Corser and Noriyuki Haga, not forgetting Max Biaggi
who has tasted MotoGP glory at the circuit, the promise is for a classic
showdown.

"The strong riders remain the same - Corser, Nori and Max Biaggi all went well
at Donington last year so they'll be the ones to look out for again this year,"
said Bayliss.

"The wild-card riders? Well, the British guys all know the circuit really well,
and we saw at Brands Hatch that that is a big benefit, with Kiyonari's double
win and Tom Sykes too, who was going well until he fell."

Sykes will be among the Brit pack in the races, aboard the Rizla Suzuki that has
powered him into second place in the domestic series, just ahead of local rider
Leon Haslam who took a winning double for HM Plant Honda in the Holiday Monday
round at Cadwell Park.

Cal Crutchlow, James Ellison and Gary Johnson will all be aiming for their slice
of glory.

Bayliss will be checking their form to ensure that he stays on track for the
crown, but also turns on the style for his legions of British fans.

"My fans in the UK have always been fantastic, so I hope to give something back
to them," he said.

"It's definitely been a strange year, I guess it's been a bit emotional all
year, knowing that I won't be back at any of the tracks again on a Superbike.

"The important thing is for me to maintain the points lead, and build on it. I'd
really like a win, that goes without saying, but we'll have to see what
happens."

The two superbike races provide the feature action on Sunday, but there are
races counting to the World Supersport Championship, European Superstock 1000
and 600 series, Suzuki GSXR Cup and the Thundersports GP1.

Tickets are available by telephoning the Donington hotline on 0871 230 7134, or
at:

http://www.donington-park.co.uk

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 44


                        Copyright 2008 Leicester Mercury
                              All Rights Reserved


                              862 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          Huddersfield Daily Examiner

                           August 27, 2008 Wednesday
                                  1ST Edition

Brave Thaxter bid

BYLINE: ANDREW FLYNN Features Editor

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 43

LENGTH: 262 words


HUDDERSFIELD Star Wheeler Mark Thaxter came fifth after a brave bid for glory in
the Cycling Development North West race for third and fourth category riders on
the Cockerham Circuit south of Lancaster.

Thaxter broke clear on lap two of four on the 12.5-mile circuit along with two
other riders. They stayed clear for 20 miles before the bunch reeled them in.

Three other riders jumped clear and stayed away until the finish as Thaxter got
second in the bunch sprint and fifth overall in a race won by Rob Whitfield (FP
Mailing CT).

David Longbottom (HSW) stands 11th overall in the White Rose Youth League,
finishing second in the time trial of the latest event at Brad ford's Richard
Dunn Sport Centre.

The League reaches its finale on Saturday (1.00) in an event which includes the
Yorkshire Circuit Championships.

Linthwaite's Carl Saint won the last race in the 10-mile time trial series,
staged on the Sovereign course to Ingbirch worth, in 22min 23sec but the series
title went to the Holme Valley Wheelers' Steve Rimmer, second fastest on the
night in 25-42.

Fastest Star Wheeler was debutant Darren McDowell in 28-57.

Rimmer headed the final table with 104 points, Andrew Kerry was second on 98 and
Stephen Robinson third on 97. Sam Mannion (HVW) topped the women's league on 119
points from Rachael Mellor on 90.

Jack Beardsell (HVW) was a clear winner of the junior table on 90 points from
Ben Kellett on 20.

Holme Valley Wheelers stage their hill-climb at Hinchliffe Mill tonight (7.30)
and, on Saturday, the open 50-mile time trial at Borough bridge.

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2008 MGN Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              863 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                              The Sentinel (Stoke)

                            August 21, 2008 Thursday

Cycling: West puts injury woes behind him

SECTION: Pg. 41

LENGTH: 343 words


Les West (Afford Rent-a-Car) won his first event  since returning from serious
injury.

The 64-year-old broke away early with another rider in the LVRC Cleansweep
Circuit Race at Darley Moor and won the sprint on the windswept course.

West only recently returned after overcoming a torn Achilles tendon.

Stone's Ian Noons was eighth in the younger riders' event.

CREWE policeman  Matt Stephens (Sigma Sport) finished fourth in the 64-mile CDNW
League race on the tough Dolphinholme circuit.

In the supporting race over the same distance, junior Russell Falder (Mammoth
Lifestyle), from Stafford, was third. Leek CC's Andrew Prince was fourth.

IN the final event of the successful Stone Wheelers circuit race series at
Seighford airfield, Lyme's Matt Webb won the sprint for the line from Stone's
Joe Corden.

Lyme riders James Rees and Louis Rees were second and third in the youth event.

Lyme's time trial star Barry Charlton turned his hand to road racing and took
the win from his breakaway companion Martin Harney (Manchester W).

Paul Herbert (Rhyl CC) was third and first over-50.

Charlton then shattered his own month-old club 10-mile record in the Bridlington
event, taking 25 secs off his previous mark and recording 19.24. Andy Bloomer
finished with 21.41 and Mark Wynn 22.50.

THE Yeti-Goldtec team of Matt Dennis, Martyn Brookes, Darren and Alison Moore
and Steve Taylor took the mixed team first place in the Sleepless in the Saddle
24-hour mountain bike race at Catton Park, near Lichfield.

They led for almost 14 hours in terrible weather conditions.

Lyme's Nigel Moore, Brian Entwistle, Neil Shenton and Andy Perry were seventh in
the veteran class.

Moore rode in the final round of the Midland Cross Country at Sherwood Pines,
which  ensured he took seventh place in the veteran class of the   season-long
series.

NEWCASTLE RC 2001 - PolyPrint Packaging teams finished seventh and 14th in the
Newport four-up team trial over 31 miles.

The A team was Nick Slater, Rob Davies, Tom Powell and Dave Croft, B team Dave
Farmer, Phil Houlton, Mick Evans and Mick Stubbs.

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 51


                      Copyright 2008 The Sentinel (Stoke)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              864 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                              The Sentinel (Stoke)

                            August 21, 2008 Thursday

Cycling: West puts injury woes behind him

SECTION: Pg. 41

LENGTH: 343 words


Les West (Afford Rent-a-Car) won his first event  since returning from serious
injury.

The 64-year-old broke away early with another rider in the LVRC Cleansweep
Circuit Race at Darley Moor and won the sprint on the windswept course.

West only recently returned after overcoming a torn Achilles tendon.

Stone's Ian Noons was eighth in the younger riders' event.

CREWE policeman  Matt Stephens (Sigma Sport) finished fourth in the 64-mile CDNW
League race on the tough Dolphinholme circuit.

In the supporting race over the same distance, junior Russell Falder (Mammoth
Lifestyle), from Stafford, was third. Leek CC's Andrew Prince was fourth.

IN the final event of the successful Stone Wheelers circuit race series at
Seighford airfield, Lyme's Matt Webb won the sprint for the line from Stone's
Joe Corden.

Lyme riders James Rees and Louis Rees were second and third in the youth event.

Lyme's time trial star Barry Charlton turned his hand to road racing and took
the win from his breakaway companion Martin Harney (Manchester W).

Paul Herbert (Rhyl CC) was third and first over-50.

Charlton then shattered his own month-old club 10-mile record in the Bridlington
event, taking 25 secs off his previous mark and recording 19.24. Andy Bloomer
finished with 21.41 and Mark Wynn 22.50.

THE Yeti-Goldtec team of Matt Dennis, Martyn Brookes, Darren and Alison Moore
and Steve Taylor took the mixed team first place in the Sleepless in the Saddle
24-hour mountain bike race at Catton Park, near Lichfield.

They led for almost 14 hours in terrible weather conditions.

Lyme's Nigel Moore, Brian Entwistle, Neil Shenton and Andy Perry were seventh in
the veteran class.

Moore rode in the final round of the Midland Cross Country at Sherwood Pines,
which  ensured he took seventh place in the veteran class of the   season-long
series.

NEWCASTLE RC 2001 - PolyPrint Packaging teams finished seventh and 14th in the
Newport four-up team trial over 31 miles.

The A team was Nick Slater, Rob Davies, Tom Powell and Dave Croft, B team Dave
Farmer, Phil Houlton, Mick Evans and Mick Stubbs.

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 51


                      Copyright 2008 The Sentinel (Stoke)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              865 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                              The Sentinel (Stoke)

                            August 21, 2008 Thursday

Cycling: West puts injury woes behind him

SECTION: Pg. 41

LENGTH: 343 words


Les West (Afford Rent-a-Car) won his first event  since returning from serious
injury.

The 64-year-old broke away early with another rider in the LVRC Cleansweep
Circuit Race at Darley Moor and won the sprint on the windswept course.

West only recently returned after overcoming a torn Achilles tendon.

Stone's Ian Noons was eighth in the younger riders' event.

CREWE policeman  Matt Stephens (Sigma Sport) finished fourth in the 64-mile CDNW
League race on the tough Dolphinholme circuit.

In the supporting race over the same distance, junior Russell Falder (Mammoth
Lifestyle), from Stafford, was third. Leek CC's Andrew Prince was fourth.

IN the final event of the successful Stone Wheelers circuit race series at
Seighford airfield, Lyme's Matt Webb won the sprint for the line from Stone's
Joe Corden.

Lyme riders James Rees and Louis Rees were second and third in the youth event.

Lyme's time trial star Barry Charlton turned his hand to road racing and took
the win from his breakaway companion Martin Harney (Manchester W).

Paul Herbert (Rhyl CC) was third and first over-50.

Charlton then shattered his own month-old club 10-mile record in the Bridlington
event, taking 25 secs off his previous mark and recording 19.24. Andy Bloomer
finished with 21.41 and Mark Wynn 22.50.

THE Yeti-Goldtec team of Matt Dennis, Martyn Brookes, Darren and Alison Moore
and Steve Taylor took the mixed team first place in the Sleepless in the Saddle
24-hour mountain bike race at Catton Park, near Lichfield.

They led for almost 14 hours in terrible weather conditions.

Lyme's Nigel Moore, Brian Entwistle, Neil Shenton and Andy Perry were seventh in
the veteran class.

Moore rode in the final round of the Midland Cross Country at Sherwood Pines,
which  ensured he took seventh place in the veteran class of the   season-long
series.

NEWCASTLE RC 2001 - PolyPrint Packaging teams finished seventh and 14th in the
Newport four-up team trial over 31 miles.

The A team was Nick Slater, Rob Davies, Tom Powell and Dave Croft, B team Dave
Farmer, Phil Houlton, Mick Evans and Mick Stubbs.

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 51


                      Copyright 2008 The Sentinel (Stoke)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              866 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                   Daily Star

                             June 19, 2008 Thursday
                                U.K. 1st Edition

TOSELAND IS BRIT SPECIAL;
MOTO GP: James' shock 'n roll

BYLINE: by DAVE FERN

SECTION: SPORT; 47

LENGTH: 378 words


NICKY Hayden fears James Toseland is about to announce his big time arrival on
the world stage at this week's British Grand Prix.

Toseland has had to settle for a series of points finishes so far during his
maiden year in the top level of racing.

But former world champ Hayden believes the Sheffield rider's knowledge of the
Donington track will see him make a big impact this weekend.

He said: "James will be a hard man to beat at Donington Park when he is riding
in front of his home crowd.

"He is working hard, riding hard and is really focused.

"I came from Superbikes myself, so I know what talent there is in that type of
racing.

"When you win titles like James has done, by riding against the likes of Troy
Bayliss and beating them, you have to be doing something strong.

"He has generated a lot of interest in MotoGP and I like the way that he is
going about his racing." Toseland has won before at the Leicestershire circuit
in his Superbike days - and is ready for the challenge this week.

His riding style has earned him criticism from some quarters with claims he has
been too aggressive, but Hayden does not agree.

Repsol Honda rider Hayden added: "People have said that about him and, yes, he
has made a few hard moves.

"But I cannot say that he has done anything wrong.

"He is racing for the World Championship, like we all are, and he is well aware
that is his job, and that means he has to ride good and strong." Hayden flies
into the country this morning, keen on rivalling Tech3 Yamaha star Toseland for
a podium finish.

The American said: "That would be good - I need to turn things around and this
is a track that I know, so now is the time to do it.

"I intend to come out on the track first thing on Friday morning and really get
things rolling."

Toseland will be warming up for the weekend's challenges by taking part in a
sponsored cycle ride around the circuit - the traditional charity event in aid
of the Riders for Health campaign.

Toseland, with a smile on his face, said: "The Health and Safety people said we
had to ride the circuit the wrong way round.

"They said it would be dangerous cycling down through the Craner Curves.

"But when they realised I would be racing through there at over 130mph on my
Yamaha this weekend they soon changed their minds."

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: HAYDEN: Ready to roll
THE MAN TO BEAT: Toseland has a good chance at his home track this weekend

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 EXPRESS NEWSPAPERS
                              All Rights Reserved


                              867 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                            The Independent (London)

                             April 21, 2008 Monday
                                 Fourth Edition

Crutchlow gains bragging rights with maiden victory;
*MOTORCYCLING

BYLINE: Gary James

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 48

LENGTH: 265 words


Cal Crutchlow, a 22-year-old with a fast-track career plan, yesterday won his
first ever British Superbike Championship race and leapt to joint-first place in
the points table on his debut for the HM Plant factory Honda team.

Crutchlow has given himself a two-year target to win the title, and as this is
his second year in the series, he had to deliver race wins or risk ending the
season looking a little mouthy.

But the Coventry rider pushed into the lead within two laps of the start of the
second championship race on the Thruxton circuit, built a two-second lead after
seven laps, and never let his pursuers close the gap.

"After the first race we worked on trying to get more edge grip from the rear
tyre, and it worked," Crutchlow said. "I moved to HM Plant on the basis that
they are a championship-winning team. Now there's no reason why we can't push to
win the title."

The Airwaves Ducati rider Shane Byrne, 31, won the first race, but failed to
make a slick getaway when the second leg was restarted after a red flag
stoppage. "I fannied about for too long getting into second place, and by that
time Cal had gone," Byrne confessed.

But Byrne will be happy with his day's work, as he now shares the championship
lead with Crutchlow. Both have 45 points after this opening round. Michael
Rutter is third with 32 points.

Crutchlow led the first of the two races on the 2.3-mile Hampshire circuit, but
succumbed to Byrne's greater experience. Byrne slipped past him on lap 12, and
had a 2.3-second advantage by the finish. Rutter claimed the final podium
position.

Results, Digest, page 47

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IA


                      Copyright 2008 Independent Print Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              868 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                            The Independent (London)

                             April 21, 2008 Monday
                                 First Edition

Crutchlow gains bragging rights with a first victory;
*MOTORCYCLING

BYLINE: Gary James

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 48

LENGTH: 265 words


Cal Crutchlow, a 22-year-old with a fast-track career plan, yesterday won his
first ever British Superbike Championship race and leapt to joint-first place in
the points table on his debut for the HM Plant factory Honda team.

Crutchlow has given himself a two-year target to win the title, and as this is
his second year in the series, he had to deliver race wins or risk ending the
season looking a little mouthy.

But the Coventry rider pushed into the lead within two laps of the start of the
second championship race on the Thruxton circuit, built a two-second lead after
seven laps, and never let his pursuers close the gap.

"After the first race we worked on trying to get more edge grip from the rear
tyre, and it worked," Crutchlow said. "I moved to HM Plant on the basis that
they are a championship-winning team. Now there's no reason why we can't push to
win the title."

The Airwaves Ducati rider Shane Byrne, 31, won the first race, but failed to
make a slick getaway when the second leg was restarted after a red flag
stoppage. "I fannied about for too long getting into second place, and by that
time Cal had gone," Byrne confessed.

But Byrne will be happy with his day's work, as he now shares the championship
lead with Crutchlow. Both have 45 points after this opening round. Michael
Rutter is third with 32 points.

Crutchlow led the first of the two races on the 2.3-mile Hampshire circuit, but
succumbed to Byrne's greater experience. Byrne slipped past him on lap 12, and
had a 2.3-second advantage by the finish. Rutter claimed the final podium
position.

Results, Digest, page 47

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IA


                      Copyright 2008 Independent Print Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              869 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                 Sunday Mercury

                             April 20, 2008, Sunday
                                 1 Star Edition

Byrne in late rush for pole

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 56

LENGTH: 140 words


SHANE Byrne put in a late fast lap at Thruxton to snatch pole position for the
opening round of the Bennetts British Superbike Championship.

A blustery wind and rain had made conditions difficult at the Hampshire circuit
but the Airwaves Ducati rider took a chance in the closing minutes.

He said: "It was a gamble, but I put in a soft wet (tyre), put it all on the
line, and I'm both surprised and delighted.

"It was a bit tricky at times out there."

Byrne put in a time of one minute 19.704 seconds around the 2.356-mile circuit,
outpacing Leon Haslam by 0.17secs though the HM Plant Honda rider was not too
concerned, Haslam said: "We've got a good set-up for both the wet and the dry
but we can be consistent."

Michael Rutter, riding the NorthWest 200 Ducati, and Cal Crutchlow on the second
factory Honda completed the front row of the grid.

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2008 Midland Independent Newspapers plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              870 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                 Sunday Mercury

                             April 6, 2008, Sunday
                                 2 Star Edition

Shane burns up at Brands

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 65

LENGTH: 215 words


SHANE Byrne underlined his credentials for a determined bid to regain the
Bennetts British Superbike crown as he powered his Airwaves Ducati on to pole
start for the opening round at Brands Hatch.

The rider, who began his racing career at the Kent circuit with a victory, had
been the dominant force throughout free practice and carried that pace through
to the griddeciding session, overcoming a determined challenge to his supremacy
by HM Plant Honda rider Cal Crutchlow.

Byrne put in a best lap of one minute 25.832 seconds around the 2.3009-mile
Grand Prix circuit midway through the session and was watching the rest play
catch-up when, with six minutes remaining, a heavy rain shower effectively ended
the shoot-out.

Byrne, champion in 2003, said: "The track was a bit cooler than before and I
thought pole position would be difficult to achieve but I am well pleased to be
up there. I'm pretty comfortable with that - it is a good starter and I would
love a double win."

Crutchlow closed to within a third of a second, running just ahead of the Yamaha
ridden by Karl Harris while Leon Haslam had to be content with fourth best for
his Honda, setting a best lap of 1:26.552.

Tom Sykes had better pace than in free practice, working through the pack to
qualify his Rizla Suzuki fifth fastest.

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2008 Midland Independent Newspapers plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              871 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                              Sevenoaks Chronicle

                           January 31, 2008 Thursday

Facelift for brands

SECTION: Pg. 43

LENGTH: 276 words


Ahead of the 2008 racing season, Brands Hatch has made significant changes to
the Clearways corner by increasing the run-off for riders and drivers using the
Indy circuit configuration.

The alterations have been made as part of continuing safety improvements at the
circuit. The wider, asphalt run-off will cut down the instances of cars hitting
the barrier if they come off the track and substantially reduce the amount of
interruptions during races if an incident occurs.

The ground level at Clearways has been raised by one metre to ensure the Armco
is higher as competitors approach the bend. The new Asphalt run-off has
increased by five metres which will allow riders or drivers who lose it on the
bend to regain control easier. A "snatch gap" has also been added at Post 23 for
recovery vehicles to access Clearways and enable organisers to carry out
recovery without the need for a safety car intervention or race stoppage.

MotorSport Vision Chief Executive, Jonathan Palmer says: "This really is a bit
of history for Brands Hatch as it is the first time any work such as this has
been carried out at Clearways. The changes will make the track even safer for
drivers and riders and allow for smoother-flowing race weekends with fewer red
flags. This will improve the show for the crowd and with the re-profiling of the
bank at Clearways we have made it an even better spot for spectators than
before."

The first major event of the 2008 season at Brands Hatch will be the Easter
Monday Truck Superprix, which visits the Kent circuit on Easter Bank Holiday
Monday,  March 24. More information is available at www.brandshatch.co.uk or by
calling 0870 850 5015.

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 Sevenoaks Chronicle
                              All Rights Reserved


                              872 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               Andover Advertiser

                            October 2, 2007 Tuesday

Wheelers take on circuit challenge

SECTION: OTHER SPORT

LENGTH: 306 words


The recent Thruxton Circuit cycle races saw four young Andover Wheelers race
against some of the top youngsters in the country.

Wheelers had a rider in each age group with Cameron Thompson (U10), Mitchell
Webber (U12), Tom Bolton (U14) and Max Webber (U16) in what was the latest round
of the National Youth Circuit Series. Thruxton is always a very open circuit but
a nagging headwind up to the final chicane made it extremely hard going for all
the competitors.

Cameron Thompson was first off and proved that his top ten placing in the the
U10s national rankings was no fluke by finishing in a determined ninth place.
Mitchell Webber, in the U12s, was initially held up by a crash but battled back
well to find himself in a group of four other riders. They all worked well
together in trying to chase down the leading riders but ran out of time leaving
Mitchell in a creditable 14th position.

Tom Bolton showed he has plenty of potential at U14 level when he finished in an
excellent 16th position. Although Tom hasn't done as much racing as the rest of
the Wheelers youngsters, he settled in with the large bunch as if he had been
doing it all season. The main pack split up over the final lap but Tom fought
out a great sprint to finish the race well. For 15 year old Max Webber, this was
his second National Youth series event this season. The last round at Bristol
was a baptism of fire and he was determined to improve on his performance. The
race went off extremely quickly but Max positioned himself well towards the
front of the field and he was soon in the leading group of contenders as many of
the competitors were dropped off the back. Going into the last lap, it looked
like Max would be sprinting it out for first place but the final drag up to the
finish blew the bunch apart and he battled to a much improved 13th position.

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2007 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              873 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Daily Telegraph (LONDON)

                            August 4, 2007 Saturday

Toseland sets Brands Hatch standard

BYLINE: Dave Fern

SECTION: SPORT; MOTORCYCLING; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 369 words


JAMES TOSELAND delivered a high-speed 'hands-off' warning to his rivals for the
World Superbike crown as he dictated terms in opening qualifying for tomorrow's
10th round at Brands Hatch.

The leader of the title stakes is determined to end a week of mixed emotions on
a high note by moving closer to regaining the silverware he last held three
years ago.

Toseland signed a two-year deal on Wednesday to ride for the Tech 3 Yamaha team
in the elite MotoGP Championship next season.

That came the day after he returned from Japan, where he made an unsuccessful
debut in endurance racing, tumbling out of the Suzuka Eight Hours race early.

However, he was fully focused yesterday on extending his 43-point lead at the
demanding Brands Hatch circuit on his Hannspree Honda.

"I've set myself that target of being at least 50 points up on the rest to make
it more difficult for them to get ahead of me in the three remaining rounds
after here,'' Toseland said.

"I'm well pleased, having made a great start to the weekend. The team has worked
brilliantly to give me a good base and I'm feeling really fresh considering my
trip to Japan.''

Toseland, 26, was engaged in a duel for supremacy with the reigning champion
Troy Bayliss throughout the day, with the Australian having the edge, by a split
second, in free practice. But after swapping positions at the top of the
leaderboard, Toseland produced a telling lap with a time of 1min 26.400sec,
almost a quarter of a second up on the Ducati rider.

Bayliss, a race winner in the corresponding event last year, needs an action
replay to put his hopes of retaining the title back on course. He is currently
fourth in the overall rankings, trailing the exciting Noriyuki Haga by eleven
points. The Japanese rider, who has won four of the previous six races here, was
running sixth fastest with a time of 1min 27.351sec.

Max Biaggi, second in the standings, also poses a threat to Toseland, although
the points gap means the Italian faces an uphill struggle to catch the
Yorkshireman.

Biaggi is riding the circuit for the first time and was 14th on his Suzuki
yesterday, more than 1.8 seconds down on the bullish Toseland, who said: "I'm
brimming with confidence for a first double win.''

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 Telegraph Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              874 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                   Daily Star

                             July 14, 2007 Saturday
                                U.K. 1st Edition

LEON AIMING TO HIT DOUBLE TOP;
BIKES: Haslam has his sights trained on Honda pair in title tilt

BYLINE: by DAVE FERN

SECTION: SPORT; 51

LENGTH: 455 words


LEON HASLAM needs nothing short of double race glory tomorrow at Oulton Park to
keep his title charge firmly on track.

The Airwaves Ducati rider is fourth in the Bennetts British Superbike
Championship, but he is closing in fast on leader Ryuichi Kiyonari.

Going into the second half of the campaign, Haslam has to maintain the momentum
in what is developing into an intriguing four-man scrap for the silverware.

Reigning champion Kiyonari and his young HM Plant Honda team-mate Jonathan Rea
top the leaderboard, with Gregorio Lavilla just ahead of sidekick Haslam.

There are no team orders - it's a case of every man for himself.

That suits Haslam as the Cheshire circuit provided an important turning point
for him in the earlier round there back in May.

"We had made various improvements to the bike and the change might well have
come for me in the previous round at Silverstone but for my 175mph crash, " said
Haslam.

"Basically we reverted to the settings and the bike of the previous year.

We had been trying to develop the new bike, but there hadn't been enough time.

"We are still running that bike, although after the Knockhill round we were able
to do more testing at Croft and we have made a lot of progress."

They need to have done, in a duel that is not just Honda versus Ducati but also
Michelin tyres against Dunlop.

"That is more the case, rather that the people on the bikes, " said Haslam.

"The Hondas with their tyres are particularly strong, especially in the wet,
although in Scotland Dunlop had some good tyres and I was able to get in front
of Kiyonari.

"I've now closed within 43 points of him in the standings. We are going in the
right direction and in a position now where anything can happen.

"For me, the second half of the season will be hard, though. Apart from Mallory
and the Brands Indy circuit, the tracks are among my favourites and I enjoy
riding them.

"That said, we thought that Mondello would be really hard for us, and I won
there and had good results at Knockhill.

"Now the need is to win races and battle to get top side of the two Honda
riders, starting here on a circuit that we enjoy.

"I want the title and have to keep closing the gap on the riders ahead of me. I
took 27 points back on Greg in the previous round and have to keep pegging away.

"At the start of the season he won the first four races, but in the last eight
I've been ahead of him six times. I have to keep that going."

Haslam is brimming with confidence in chasing down the title that he sees as
vital to his efforts on the world stage.

First, he has to stop team-mate Lavilla and the pair of Honda rivals.

And at the moment Rea is on fire.

The 20-year-old from Ballyclare has won the last three races and aims to
maintain that winning spree.

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GROUNDED: Jonathan Rea hurts his left wrist after sliding off his Honda
at Oulton Park in practice yesterday

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 EXPRESS NEWSPAPERS
                              All Rights Reserved


                              875 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                   Daily Star

                             July 14, 2007 Saturday
                                U.K. 1st Edition

LEON AIMING TO HIT DOUBLE TOP;
BIKES: Haslam has his sights trained on Honda pair in title tilt

BYLINE: by DAVE FERN

SECTION: SPORT; 51

LENGTH: 455 words


LEON HASLAM needs nothing short of double race glory tomorrow at Oulton Park to
keep his title charge firmly on track.

The Airwaves Ducati rider is fourth in the Bennetts British Superbike
Championship, but he is closing in fast on leader Ryuichi Kiyonari.

Going into the second half of the campaign, Haslam has to maintain the momentum
in what is developing into an intriguing four-man scrap for the silverware.

Reigning champion Kiyonari and his young HM Plant Honda team-mate Jonathan Rea
top the leaderboard, with Gregorio Lavilla just ahead of sidekick Haslam.

There are no team orders - it's a case of every man for himself.

That suits Haslam as the Cheshire circuit provided an important turning point
for him in the earlier round there back in May.

"We had made various improvements to the bike and the change might well have
come for me in the previous round at Silverstone but for my 175mph crash, " said
Haslam.

"Basically we reverted to the settings and the bike of the previous year.

We had been trying to develop the new bike, but there hadn't been enough time.

"We are still running that bike, although after the Knockhill round we were able
to do more testing at Croft and we have made a lot of progress."

They need to have done, in a duel that is not just Honda versus Ducati but also
Michelin tyres against Dunlop.

"That is more the case, rather that the people on the bikes, " said Haslam.

"The Hondas with their tyres are particularly strong, especially in the wet,
although in Scotland Dunlop had some good tyres and I was able to get in front
of Kiyonari.

"I've now closed within 43 points of him in the standings. We are going in the
right direction and in a position now where anything can happen.

"For me, the second half of the season will be hard, though. Apart from Mallory
and the Brands Indy circuit, the tracks are among my favourites and I enjoy
riding them.

"That said, we thought that Mondello would be really hard for us, and I won
there and had good results at Knockhill.

"Now the need is to win races and battle to get top side of the two Honda
riders, starting here on a circuit that we enjoy.

"I want the title and have to keep closing the gap on the riders ahead of me. I
took 27 points back on Greg in the previous round and have to keep pegging away.

"At the start of the season he won the first four races, but in the last eight
I've been ahead of him six times. I have to keep that going."

Haslam is brimming with confidence in chasing down the title that he sees as
vital to his efforts on the world stage.

First, he has to stop team-mate Lavilla and the pair of Honda rivals.

And at the moment Rea is on fire.

The 20-year-old from Ballyclare has won the last three races and aims to
maintain that winning spree.

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GROUNDED: Jonathan Rea hurts his left wrist after sliding off his Honda
at Oulton Park in practice yesterday

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 EXPRESS NEWSPAPERS
                              All Rights Reserved


                              876 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                            The Independent (London)

                             July 14, 2007 Saturday
                                 Fourth Edition

Twists put Stoner in with good shout at the Sachsenring;
MOTORCYCLING

BYLINE: Iain Rogers

LENGTH: 346 words


World championship leader Casey Stoner lapped fastest for Ducati in free
practice for the German Grand Prix yesterday. Stoner, who has a 21-point
advantage over Valentino Rossi at the halfway stage of the season, negotiated
the Sachsenring circuit in 1min 22:737sec, 0.346 quicker than the Italian, who
set the second-fastest lap on his Yamaha.

"The Ducati is showing how good it is on these tight, twisty circuits," Stoner
said. "We seem to be pretty quick straight out of the box."

The 21-year-old Australian missed last year's German Grand Prix after crashing
in the warm-up but has been in sparkling form this year, winning five of the
first nine races.

However, Rossi has won at the Sachsenring for the past two years, storming
through the field from 11th place at the start last year and holding off a stiff
challenge from compatriot Marco Melandri to take victory. "Tomorrow it is going
to be much hotter apparently but usually our bike works well in the heat so I am
quite confident about this," Rossi said.

Dani Pedrosa was third-fastest in free practice, 0.629 behind Stoner. The
Spanish Honda rider holds the circuit record of 1:21.815, set last year, and is
currently in third place in the MotoGP championship, 66 points off the pace.

World champion Nicky Hayden came in 16th yesterday, 1.463 seconds slower than
Stoner. The American had a minor crash and was the only rider who did not manage
to improve on his morning time in the afternoon session. "I hurt my hand a bit
but basically it's OK," said the Honda rider.

Brazilian Alex Barros suffered a nasty accident which resulted in him needing
stitches in a hand injury. He was back on his machine three hours later,
however, and managed the seventh-fastest lap of the day.

Jorge Lorenzo was quickest in the 250cc category, the Spanish world championship
leader clocking 1:24.857 for provisional pole. That was just 0.071 ahead of
Italy's Marco Simoncelli. In the 125cc class, Hungary's Gabor Talmacsi took
provisional pole with a lap of 1:26.930, more than half a second faster than the
Italian Mattia Pasini in second.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IA


                      Copyright 2007 Independent Print Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              877 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        The Daily Telegraph (Australia)

                              June 25, 2007 Monday
                             Drop in 1.30am Edition

Stoner reigns supreme as rivals go to water

BYLINE: Alan Baldwin

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 49

LENGTH: 362  words


AUSTRALIAN Casey Stoner won a wet British Grand Prix last night at Donington
Park to chalk up his fifth victory in eight races and move 26 points clear of
Valentino Rossi in the MotoGP championship.

Rossi, the former world champion, could not match the 21-year-old Ducati rider's
speed on the slippery circuit and finished off the podium in fourth place.

The Italian's Yamaha team mate Colin Edwards was second, 11.768 seconds behind
Stoner, with Australian Chris Vermeulen third for Suzuki.

''I didn't really know what to expect at the start of the race, whether it was
going to bucket down after we started and really soak the track or actually dry
out like it did,'' said Stoner, who made his grand prix debut at Donington as a
125cc rider in 2001.

''So it was a bit of a gamble, I suppose,'' he said of his tyre choice.

''Then about half way through it started to really dry out and the bike started
to spin a lot so I was just trying to smooth everything down so we didn't
destroy the tyre before the end of the race. That was my biggest fear.''

Texan Edwards started on pole position and Stoner's success maintained a
season-long jinx for any rider starting in the top slot, with the last winner
from pole dating back to Japan last September.

Stoner recovered from a poor start that pushed him down to seventh at the end of
the first lap at a circuit he had denounced earlier in the week as far too
slippery.

The Australian slotted into second place after five of the 30 laps, however, and
took the lead on the 16th when Edwards ran wide.

''Hats off to Casey, congratulations to him,'' Edwards said. ''He's done an
incredible job this year. Today I got to see him and he has been doing a really
good job.''

Rossi's points made him the all-time top scorer in the premier category,
overtaking Australian Mick Doohan, but he had little else to celebrate at a
favourite circuit.


CHAMPIONSHIP STANDINGS

1 .... Casey Stoner .... 165 pts

2 .... Valentino Rossi .... 139

3 .... Dani Pedrosa .... 106

4 .... Chris Vermeulen ... 88

5 .... John Hopkins .... 83

6 .... Marco Melandri .... 81

7 .... Colin Edwards .... 65

8 .... Alex Barros .... 60

9 .... Loris Capirossi .... 57

10 ... Toni Elias .... 49

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DTM


                   Copyright 2007 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              878 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                 Sunday Express

                              June 17, 2007 Sunday
                                U.K. 1st Edition

Highspeed kid Rea rains supreme;
SUPERBIKES

BYLINE: By David Fern

SECTION: SPORT; 106

LENGTH: 131  words


JONATHAN REA splashed to pole start for this afternoon's sixth round of the
Bennetts British Superbike Championship at rainlashed Mondello Park.

Rea was running a tenth of a second ahead of his HM Plant Honda teammate Ryuichi
Kiyonari.

The 20-year-old Ballyclare rider left it late, but powered in two consistently
fast laps of the 2.18mile County Kildare circuit in the closing minutes of the
session, the best of which was 1m 46.776secs.

James Toseland, meanwhile, made good use of the one lap against the clock
Superpole session to boost his hopes of extending his lead in the World
Superbike title stakes.

The Hannspree Honda rider improved his starting slot by five positions with an
inch-perfect lap of the revised Misano circuit in a time of 1m 34.948secs to
secure a front-row start.

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: REA

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 EXPRESS NEWSPAPERS
                              All Rights Reserved


                              879 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                   Irish News

                              June 5, 2007 Tuesday

Sport - Motorcycling: Isle of Man TT - 'Super Mac' rides his way into history
books

BYLINE: Willis Marshall in the Isle of Man

SECTION: Pg. 70

LENGTH: 558 words


Super Mac John McGuinness on the HM Plant Honda won yesterday's sun-drenched
Isle of Man TT Superbike Race over six laps of the TT circuit.

This, in turn, wrote him into the record books on the race's 100th Anniversary
as he became the third most successful rider.

Only the great Joey Dunlop and Mike Hailwood have now won more races than
McGuinness, and with this sort of style he could see himself climb even higher
in the future.

In front of an estimated 50,000 race fans, 'Super Mac' certainly proved that he
is the currently King of the Mountain.

It was Michael Rutter on the MSS Discovery Kawasaki who lead the riders off, but
that was short-lived as Rutter retired at Glen Helen on lap one.

Also out of luck was Relentless Suzuki rider Bruce Anstey who stopped at Crosby
with machine problems.

But it was McGuinness who was showing all the signs that he was about to
dominate this six-lap race, opening up a three-second-lead at the Bungalow on
lap one.

At the end of the lap, he had a 4.3 second lead over Guy Martin on the Hydrex
Honda and Ian Hutchinson on the second HM Plant Honda.

From a standing start, McGuinness lapped the 37-mile circuit in a time of 17m
42.79s, a speed of 127.804mph, which was a new TT Superbike lap record.

On the second lap, he had opened up a further six seconds over Martin as the
first of the pit-stops came into effect.

McGuinness's HM Plant Honda Team executed a perfect re-fuelling and sent him
away with a healthy 17-second lead over Martin and Hutchinson.

He had now pushed the fastest lap up to 128.279mph as he and his big Honda took
control of the race in hand.

It was clear, at this early stage, that it was going to be a case of who was
going to finish second to 'Super Mac'.

By lap four, it was a 36-second lead and he continued his charge over the
mountain with the rest left in his wake as he set into his fifth lap and the
second pit-stop.

As in his first stop, McGuinness and his team got in 0and out in record time.

Guy Martin on the Hydrex Honda had pulled a little time in on the leader but it
was just not enough as McGuinness still had a 31-second lead over Martin and
Hutchinson at Glen Helen.

Starting the final lap, McGuinness and the big Honda tried in vain as both he
and his machine set about trying to take the first 130mph lap around the TT
circuit.

At the Bungalow, it was still McGuinness who had a 25-second lead with just five
miles left to run.

As the huge crowd stretched their necks at the start and finish area, he came
blasting down the Glencrutchly Road to take his 12th TT win, and put his name
into the record books.

His final lap of 17mins 53secs saw him lap at 126.513mph.

A delighted McGuinness said afterwards: "That was awesome. It was a little
tricky on the first lap as the circuit was wet in places and I had to take it
easy.

"It dried out as the race went on and I just put the head down and went for it.

"I had a few big slides out there but I can not get over this in this the 100th
year."

In second place was Guy Martin on the Hydrex Honda who had held this position
for the duration of the race.

Third place went to Yorkshire man Ian Hutchinson on the second HM Plant Honda.

Dublin rider Martin Finnegan on the Klaffi Honda took a super fourth place
finish just in front of Welshman Ian Lougher on the Stobart Honda. Dungannon's
Ryan Farquhar took sixth on the Mark Johns' Honda.

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 The Irish News Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              880 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                   Irish News

                              May 25, 2007 Friday

Sport - The Starting Grid - Engines revved up for start of TT meeting

BYLINE: Willis Marshall

SECTION: Pg. 57

LENGTH: 364 words


The long-awaited Isle of Man TT Centenary races kick off tomorrow with the first
official practice session for this year's meeting.

Practice around the 37-mile circuit gets underway at 6pm tomorrow, and the
majority of riders should be able to get at least four laps of practice.

This first outing usually gives the riders a chance to get to grips with the
circuit, which has seen some modifications in terms of road surfaces around the
mountain stretch.

Heading the line-up tomorrow will be lap record-holder John McGuinness.
McGuinness, who netted his first ever Superbike win at the North West 200 two
weeks ago, will again be out on the factory-supported HM Plant Honda Fireblade.
Ian Hutchinson will be his stablemate.

McGuinness will also ride out on the Padgetts of Batley 600 Honda, and he's
tipped for success in this class.

Michael Rutter, who survived a frightening spill at Snetterton last weekend will
be on the MSS Discovery Kawasaki and, having been an absentee from the TT Races
for a few years, he will be eager to get as many laps in as possible tomorrow.
Guy Martin, on the Hydrex Honda, is expected to put in a sterling performance,
and going by his early season results, he could well be on the pace this year.

The Relentless Suzuki squad of Adrian Archibald and Bruce Anstey could well set
the standards, particularly Anstey, who, but for a Superbike spill at the North
West, could have had five wins.

The Kiwi will be the firm favourite to take another Superstock race win, but
given the team's results to date, they could be on the podium, in every race.

Ryan Farquhar (Honda), Davy Morgan (Honda) and Martin Finnegan (Honda) will
carry the bulk of the Irish interest. Last year, no Irish rider made it onto the
podium in any race, and surely that duck can be broken.

On Sunday, the pre-TT Classic races take place over the Billowen circuit.

Nearer to home, current Irish Superbike Championship leader Michael Pearson, who
badly damaged his R1 Yamaha at the North West, is hopeful of getting a bike for
this weekend's round at Mondello Park. Should Pearson be unable to secure a
suitable machine, he will almost certainly surrender his lead to Newtownards man
Kirk Jamieson.

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 The Irish News Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              881 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                             The Gloucester Citizen

                            March 24, 2007 Saturday

Vasey claims notable scalps with impressive ride

SECTION: Pg. 36

LENGTH: 350 words


Chris Vasey of Gloucester City Cycling Club continued his run of fine form with
this best time trial performance yet.

Vasey finished sixth in a high class field of 120 at Andover, where
multi-national champion Michael Hutchinson claimed first place.

Hutchinson won with a time of 20 minutes, three seconds while Vasey recorded 21
minutes and 28 seconds, a time which also made him second fastest vet on the
day.

Vasey's impressive display also saw him beat a number of top riders, including
19-minute man Ray Hughes, and the Gloucester rider will go into May's national
competition full of confidence.

Three team-mates from the Gloucester City Cycling Club, which is sponsored by
Rudy Project, were also in action at the event that was organised by Sontonia
Cycling Club.

Guy Preece finished in a time of 23.30 for 34th place and Graham Denny continued
his rapid improvement with a personal best of 25 minutes and 17 seconds to claim
73rd.

Son Rupert, who is not 14 until the end of this month, produced a strong ride
for 96th place with a solid time of 27 minutes and nine seconds.

Denny junior turned his hand to circuit training at Thruxton motor racing
circuit the following day and finished a superb third in his age group.

He was seventh overall out of nearly 50 starters at the 10-mile race, which was
affected by very windy conditions.

It was a great result for Denny's first circuit race and proves he could be a
force to be reckoned with when the youngster can start road racing at 16.

l GEORGE UNSWORTH was the leading rider for Gloucester City Cycling Club when
five team members took part in the Gillingham and District Hilly last Saturday.

He claimed 12th place for the Rudy Project team out of 63 competitors.

The course started at Bruton and went out towards Warminster on a steep ascent,
taking a number of left hand turns to do a circular route back to Bruton that
totalled 19 miles.

Unsworth's time was 48 minutes and five seconds with next best team-mate Mike
Horseman 39th in 56.12.

John Murphy was second veteran over 60, recording a time of 56.22 for 41st,
while Dave Boddy was 47th in 59.13.

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 The Gloucester Citizen
                              All Rights Reserved


                              882 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Express

                            March 10, 2007 Saturday
                                U.K. 1st Edition

Rossi takes his 46th pole in bid for crown

BYLINE: DAVE FERN

SECTION: SPORT; 93

LENGTH: 202  words


VALENTINO ROSSI secured pole start for this afternoon's opening round of the
World MotoGP Championship in Qatar with the fastest lap of the Losail circuit.

"For me, that is very important. To start the season with pole position is very
good, " said Rossi, above, whose lap of the 3.34-mile desert circuit was timed
at 1min 55.002secs, earning him pole number 46 in his career.

"That is also very good, as 46 is always my racing number and here we are not
much stronger than we were last year. I have to thank my team for such a good
bike as we have been on top all the time.

"My lap was very good. The previous one I make a little mistake but the second
was very good and now I am content for the race, with a good setting, and am
happy that I can win." The Fiat Yamaha rider, five times winner of the crown,
had won two races here but will be hard pressed by Australian Casey Stoner, only
0.005secs slower in qualifying.

Reigning champion Nicky Hayden, faces an uphill struggle as he starts his Repsol
Honda from the third row of the grid after finishing ninth fastest.

Ulsterman Jeremy McWilliams, who took a tumble during the session, ran last but
one of the 21 riders, with a best lap of 1:59.606 aboard the Ilmor.

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2007 XPRESS - Al Nisr Media FZ LLC
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              883 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                           February 20, 2007 Tuesday

Despite crash, Leipheimer keeps yellow jersey

BYLINE: ELLIOTT ALMOND, MediaNews

SECTION: Z_SPORTS

LENGTH: 603 words


The first stage of the Tour of California came to a crashing finish Monday in
downtown Santa Rosa.

After almost 95 miles of carefree cycling past dazzling coastal scenery, the day
climaxed with Gerald Ciolek taking out about 30 riders with six miles to go. The
German's tire blew when he hit a bump dividing the road called a Botz dot.
According to overall leader Levi Leipheimer, Ciolek lost his grip, fell to the
right and caused fellow cyclists to fall like dominoes.

Leipheimer was one of them after surging forward.

"When you crash like that, I don't remember hitting the ground," he recounted.
"I have a scar to prove I fell."

In normal circumstances, Leipheimer would have surrendered his yellow jersey as
the tour leader after finishing 50th. But he petitioned race officials that he
shouldn't be penalized for another rider's mistake near the finish.

A panel of International Cycling Union officials agreed, and Leipheimer, of the
Discovery Channel team, retained the lead despite finishing more than a minute
behind. The group affected by the crash was credited with the same time as the
riders in front of it, meaning 96 competitors finished with the winning mark of
4 hours, 17 minutes, 19 seconds.

Stage winner Graeme Brown of Rabobank and runner-up Greg Henderson of T-Mobile
did not immediately file protests.

The decision was unusual but not unprecedented in American racing. According to
cycling rules, crashes within 1.8 miles of the finish don't affect the times of
the victims of a pileup. On Monday, an exception was made as Ciolek, of
T-Mobile, fell with about six miles left in a tight, dangerous circuit finish
that isn't commonly used in European racing.

"Because of the size of the crash, it was a justifiable decision," race director
Jim Birrell said.

A more skeptical view could be that the fledging event needed Leipheimer to
retain the yellow jersey in front of thousands of hometown fans. Leipheimer is
one of America's most popular riders and a veteran of the Tour de France. After
winning the prologue Sunday with a dramatic sprint up Telegraph Hill in San
Francisco, he has become the tour's early feel-good story.

As happy as Leipheimer was to win the jury decision, he didn't like the way the
day ended.

"We don't want the Tour of California to be decided by a massive crash like
that," he said.

Twenty-five miles after a crash knocked out last year's runner-up, Dave
Zabriksie of Salt Lake City, Leipheimer found himself in a nasty situation. The
man many believe will win the overall title when the tour ends Sunday in Long
Beach panicked once on the pavement.

With other cyclists sprawled over him, he yelled, "Get up, get up."

"They were a little relaxed about it," Leipheimer said.

His Discovery teammates George Hincapie and Ivan Basso, both protecting their
leader near the finish, also collided. They regrouped and got Leipheimer
rolling. But they were too far behind to catch the stage leaders, including
Brown, who won two gold medals in track cycling at the 2004 Olympics.

Brown and Henderson enjoyed the circuit finish because they are used to that
type of racing in Australia and New Zealand, respectively. A circuit course is a
circular route with tight turns, usually held in urban areas to lure more fans.

Leipheimer said finishing with the circuit in downtown Santa Rosa was important
for the event. "With the amount of people who came out, they deserve a show," he
said. And for those who love NASCAR, perhaps terrible crashes are a way to
increase the fan base.

But with the result decided by the discretion of officials, it's not clear how
much of a show this stage turned out to be.

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              884 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           February 20, 2007 Tuesday

A great big pileup from a dot in the road;
LEIPHEIMER IS PART OF THE CRASH BUT GETS TO KEEP LEAD

BYLINE: Elliott Almond, Mercury News

SECTION: SP; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 616 words


The first stage of the Tour of California came to a crashing finish Monday in
downtown Santa Rosa.

After almost 95 miles of carefree cycling past dazzling coastal scenery, the day
climaxed with Gerald Ciolek taking out about 30 riders with six miles to go. The
German's tire blew when he hit a bump dividing the road called a Botz dot.
According to overall leader Levi Leipheimer, Ciolek lost his grip, fell to the
right and caused fellow cyclists to fall like dominoes.

Leipheimer was one of them after surging forward.

``When you crash like that, I don't remember hitting the ground,'' he recounted.
``I have a scar to prove I fell.''

In normal circumstances, Leipheimer would have surrendered his yellow jersey as
the tour leader after finishing 50th. But he petitioned race officials that he
shouldn't be penalized for another rider's mistake near the finish.

A panel of International Cycling Union officials agreed, and Leipheimer, of the
Discovery Channel team, retained the lead despite finishing more than a minute
behind. The group affected by the crash was credited with the same time as the
riders in front of it, meaning 96 competitors finished with the winning mark of
4 hours, 17 minutes, 19 seconds.

Stage winner Graeme Brown of Rabobank and runner-up Greg Henderson of T-Mobile
did not immediately file protests.

The decision was unusual but not unprecedented in American racing. According to
cycling rules, crashes within 1.8 miles of the finish don't affect the times of
the victims of a pileup. Monday, an exception was made as Ciolek, of T-Mobile,
fell with about six miles left in a tight, dangerous circuit finish that isn't
commonly used in European racing.

``Because of the size of the crash, it was a justifiable decision,'' race
director Jim Birrell said.

A more skeptical view could be that the fledging event needed Leipheimer to
retain the yellow jersey in front of thousands of hometown fans. Leipheimer is
one of America's most popular riders and a veteran of the Tour de France. After
winning the prologue Sunday with a dramatic sprint up Telegraph Hill in San
Francisco, he has become the tour's early feel-good story.

As happy as Leipheimer was to win the jury decision, he didn't like the way the
day ended.

``We don't want the Tour of California to be decided by a massive crash like
that,'' he said.

Twenty-five miles after a crash knocked out last year's runner-up, Dave
Zabriksie of Salt Lake City, Leipheimer found himself in a nasty situation. The
man many believe will win the overall title when the tour ends Sunday in Long
Beach panicked once on the pavement.

With other cyclists sprawled over him, he yelled, ``Get up, get up.''

``They were a little relaxed about it,'' Leipheimer said.

His Discovery teammates George Hincapie and Ivan Basso, both protecting their
leader near the finish, also collided. They regrouped and got Leipheimer
rolling. But they were too far behind to catch the stage leaders, including
Brown, who won two gold medals in track cycling at the 2004 Olympics.

Brown and Henderson enjoyed the circuit finish because they are used to that
type of racing in Australia and New Zealand, respectively. A circuit course is a
circular route with tight turns, usually held in urban areas to lure more fans.

Leipheimer said finishing with the circuit in downtown Santa Rosa was important
for the event. ``With the amount of people who came out, they deserve a show,''
he said. And for those who love NASCAR, perhaps terrible crashes are a way to
increase the fan base.

But with the result decided by the discretion of officials, it's not clear how
much of a show this stage turned out to be.

Contact Elliott Almond at ealmond@mercurynews.com or (408) 920-5865.

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              885 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       Darwin Palmerston Sun (Australia)

                           October 18, 2006 Wednesday

Climb on into the saddle at rodeo

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 90  words


The final event in the Top End Rodeo circuit will be held in Pine Creek this
weekend.

Part of the Australian Professional Rodeo Association event, local riders are
for the first time this year able to compete for national title points on the
Territory circuit.

Seven local riders _ Trent Millership, Shayne Mayne, Vicki Mayne, Elrik Corney
and Thea Schroeder, along with Borroloola's Jerome Pluto and Henry Baker _ are
all competing for national recognition.

The event is on this Saturday, October 21, from 6pm at Pussycat Flats in Pine
Creek.

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DPS


                   Copyright 2006 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              886 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                   Daily Star

                          September 23, 2006 Saturday
                                U.K. 1st Edition

VAL FINDS IT JAPAN-EASY;
BIKES: Rossi is a rider on the storm

BYLINE: by DAVE FERN

SECTION: SPORT; 52

LENGTH: 372 words


A TYPHOON threatened to strike the Motegi circuit, but Valentino Rossi provided
a storm of his own.

The five-times winner of the World MotoGP crown is firing on all cylinders in a
bid to reel in his series leading rival Nicky Hayden.

With only three rounds to go he faces a big game of catch-up, but in opening
practice the rampant Rossi blitzed the opposition.

Rossi goes into this Japanese round trailing the Repsol Honda rider by 21 points
and knowing that he needs a turnaround in fortune at a circuit where he has won
only once before.

That counted for nothing as the Camel Yamaha rider lapped a third of a second
quicker than the rest in opening practice for tomorrow's 15th round of the
championship at this demanding circuit where last year he crashed heavily out of
the action.

"I am very happy we've made a really good start, " he said. "The track has a
good grip and also Michelin have made great progress since this race last year,
especially with the front tyre.

"They have a new front tyre here which gives me much better grip when braking
and so I was able to ride the bike at the maximum straight away, which meant
that I had great fun! My pace is okay, although there are many riders with a
similar rhythm so I think it's going to be a hard battle on Sunday."

That is almost an understatement.

Rossi knows he has to win and Hayden is also keen to stay ahead of his rival,
but the likes of Shinya Nakano, Loris Capirossi and Marco Melandri will also
come into the reckoning.

Rossi is on the up after an inconsistent season of tumbles and machine failings,
but his fifth victory at Sepang put him back on course for glory.

However, his dramatic charge through the pack to snatch third place on the last
corner of the last lap in the rain-affected Australian round was not without
controversy.

There were allegations that he had overtaken while yellow flags were being
shown.

"I didn't see the yellow flags in Phillip Island, but I have been unlucky with
them before and I was lucky this time, " snapped Rossi when he was asked about
the incident.

Hayden, who was pushed back into fifth place, said: "Screaming and pouting about
yellow flags isn't going to get you anywhere, so what happened last week is
something that stays there."

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: WATCH OUT: Rossi looks for a win
WHEELIE OF FORTUNE: Valentino Rossi flys around the Motegi circuit

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 EXPRESS NEWSPAPERS
                              All Rights Reserved


                              887 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            Evening News (Edinburgh)

                           August 2, 2006, Wednesday
                                   1 Edition

Knockhill is on the lookout for legends

SECTION: Pg. 24

LENGTH: 243 words


WITH the recent British Superbike meeting now consigned to the pages of
motorcycle racing history, it's business as usual for all the riders in the
Scottish Championships when they line up to continue battle at Knockhill Racing
Circuit on Sunday.

The event, which counts as rounds nine and ten of the hard-fought Scottish
Championship organised by Kirkcaldy and District Motor Club, also incorporates
rounds seven and eight of the KDMC series.

And as the season passes the halfway point, competitors are keener than ever to
secure vital points in the various classes from the diminutive 125s all the way
up to the 1000cc monsters.

Every single class is well supported by racers from virtually every part of
Scotland with a few southerners thrown in for good measure and the circuit's
owners hope that somewhere amongst them may be the next Scottish and British
bike racing legend.

Circuit spokesman Ray Smith said: "The recent visit to Scotland of the
prestigious Bennett's British Superbike Championship unfortunately served to
underline the absence of any Scottish rider in the Superbike class.

"With the retirement four years ago of triple British Superbike Champion Niall
Mackenzie and the untimely death of Steve Hislop, Scotland has been bereft of a
true hero capable of mixing it with the best in the world and winning."

Qualifying for the races begins at 9.30am on Sunday with racing commencing at
11am and the day will also include action from sidecar racers.

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2006 The Scotsman Publications Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              888 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            Lynn News and Advertiser

                                  July 7, 2006

Colin is fastest Lynn CC rider at 100 miles

LENGTH: 334  words


Colin Bunnett enjoyed a successful weekend in Hampshire, competing on Saturday
in the National Police and Emergency Services 10- mile cycling championship
(NPESC).

Conditions were good for the A303 Thruxton/Andover course, with Colin recording
a personal best of 21m 45s, gaining him fastest veteran on standard with a plus
of 8m 45s.

Colin was in action again on Sunday morning when two extended circuits of the
10-mile course were used for the Twickenham CC 25-mile time trial incorporating
the NPESC.

Colin recorded 59m 13s, again being fastest veteran on standard with a plus of
19m 07s.

Colin was also fastest rider in both events with an average 25.937mph.

In the Lotus Car circuit series in a field of 60 riders, Nino Piccoli finished
in sixth place, having been sixth in a sprint on lap four and first on lap
eight. Steve Bowerman finished in the main bunch. The race covers 12 laps of a
two and a half mile circuit.

In the eastern Counties Cycling Association 100-mile TT incorporating the
Veterans TT association East Anglia Championship, veteran Colin Bunnett produced
a sizzling ride in extremely hot conditions.

The two lap course in North Essex/Suffolk near Saffron Walden started near
Newport, proceeding to A11 Stumps Cross roundabout going onto Newmarket bypass,
turning at red Lodge to return to Stumps Cross to retrace for a second time.

Colin, competing for the first time at this distance, recorded 4h 17m 57s,
beating his age related standard time by 1h 31m 02s.

This gained him second veteran on standard and fastest Lynn CC rider at 100
miles this season. Event winner K. Platts (Cambridge CC) 3h 46m 21s.

Times for evening club 10 Tottenhill: Stuart Howlett 22m 45s, Gary Smith 24m
34s, Darren Russell 24m 50s, Colin Bunnett 24m 54s, Nathan Simmons (Junior) 24m
58s, A. Everett (Anglia Velo) 25m 13s, Phil Saunders 26m 56s, Jan Crane 27m 04s,
Geoff Allum 27m 04s, Martin Long 27m 18s, Peter Crane 27m 46s, Tim Maslin 28m
15s, Luke Harman 29m 09s, Roger Butler 31m 46s, Vernon Simmons 26m 20s.

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              889 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                              June 25, 2006 Sunday

Mover: Ber Yang

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 2D

LENGTH: 262 words


What is your new title? Technology circuit rider for MAP for Nonprofits, St.
Paul.

What are your duties?I provide technical assistance to nonprofit organizations
in the Twin Cities to help them become more effective users of computer
technology and Internet-based communication tools. My MAP technology colleagues
and I provide scheduled support services, technology planning, database planning
and also help nonprofits to implement technology projects.

What is your educational background?I attended the University of Wisconsin-River
Falls and have also taken computer courses at Inver Hills Community College, New
Horizon Computer Learning Center and Premier Computers.

Did you choose this field or did it choose you? I've always liked technology and
am amazed at how technology impacts the world. I chose this field because of the
amazing things that I've learned and enjoy, including the challenges I face
daily.

Describe a challenge and how you overcame it.When I was younger, I was quiet and
shy. I've learned how to overcome this to be successful. I've learned to be a
good speaker and to represent myself favorably in the community.

What's your best time-management tip? I schedule Monday to be in the office to
work on projects, Tuesday for meetings, Wednesday, Thursday and Friday for
on-going scheduled support with clients, Saturday and Sunday with my family.

Whom do you admire and why? I admire my father. He is a powerful man and has so
much love for his family. He has received so much recognition and is very
talented. He is someone that I truly admire and respect.

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              890 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                     Belfast News Letter (Northern Ireland)

                             May 27, 2006 Saturday
                                 Ulster Edition

Testing times for Archibald

BYLINE: BY DERMOT JAMES

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 49

LENGTH: 506 words


ADRIAN Archibald begins his fourth season with the TAS Suzuki team this evening
with the first of six practice sessions for the Isle of Man TT races which
commence next Saturday.

Having rejoined the local Suzuki squad just 10 days ago Archibald is anxious to
familiarise himself with the new bikes.

"I'm at a slight disadvantage in that I'm cold so far as this year's machines
are concerned,' admitted Archie who can look back on three TT wins with the TAS
team.

"For that reason I want to get in as much practice as possible but the weather
conditions will have to be right,' stressed the 36 year old Ballymoney rider.

Archie is the fourth quickest rider in the history of the TT where his team-mate
Bruce Anstey is fifth.

A fortnight ago Archibald was close to pulling out of the TT following a dismal
showing at the North-West 200 where Anstey was on fire.

The Kiwi had two wins, a second place and third " just the right preparation for
the TT where he has been a winner four-times but never in the big bike category.

"That's our goal over the next fortnight,' admitted Philip Neill. "We want to
show the Hondas the way home in the opening Superbike race as well as the TT.

"I reckon that we've got the men and the machines to do precisely that.'

California's Mark Miller, a newcomer, will also be in the TAS colours in the
Superstock race at the TT.

After admitting that his North-West debut was a culture shock what will he think
of the 37.75-mile TT mountain circuit?

Another first timer to keep an eye on is Mark Buckley from Loch Lomond. He is
Ian Lougher's protege and since the Co Down-based Welsh rider has seven TT wins
to his credit Buckley has got the ideal teacher.

This evening's solo practice begins at 6.15 with the sidecars out at eight
o'clock.

Today's proposed short circuit meeting at Aghadowey was cancelled for economic
reasons according to Norman Gordon who has been instrumental in giving this
particular track a face-lift.

Gordon added: "What really annoys me is the fact that the organisers, Ulster
Centre Sports Promotions, failed to tell the landowner that the races were off.

"It was only by sheer chance a few days ago that I was talking to the circuit
owner and told him what was happening.

"For somebody to say that there was no suitable track available is incorrect,'
continued Gordon. "The fact of the matter is that UCSP did not want to lose
money on an Irish Superbike round, yet clubs are continually faced with that
risk.'

Lisburn's David McKee is off to Lydden in Kent this weekend for the fourth round
of the British Supermoto Championship.

McKee who is currently second in the chase for the title which was won by David
Tougher in 2004 will be accompanied by Jason McIntyre.

Finally, today's third round of the Ulster motocross championship has been
cancelled because the course at Tandragee is water-logged.

Next Saturday it's the turn of the Killinchy club to stage an Ulster
championship motocross at Downpatrick. The closing date for entries with Jan
Lappin (Tel. 028 9754 2604) has been extended to Tuesday.

LOAD-DATE: May 30, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 Century Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              891 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                Birmingham Post

                             May 13, 2006, Saturday
                                 First Edition

Bike Racing: Rossi sparkles in rain to set pace in Shanghai

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 37

LENGTH: 100 words


Defending champion Valentino Rossi splashed his way to the fastest time on the
opening day of the Chinese Grand Prix at the Shanghai circuit.

The Camel Yamaha rider, who also won in the wet at the same circuit last year,
set the fastest times in both sessions yesterday after edging out fellow Italian
Loris Capirossi and American John Hopkins.

Cumbrian rider James Ellison was 17th quickest of 19 on the Tech 3 Yamaha.

In the 250cc class, Australian Anthony West was quickest on the Kiefer Bos
Racing Aprilia as Herefordshire 19-year-old Chaz Davies struggled to 21st on the
Campetella Racing A prilia.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2006 Midland Independent Newspapers plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              892 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Daily Telegraph (LONDON)

                             May 10, 2006 Wednesday

'I headed entirely the wrong way, but retraced, and still won the race' A Life
in Sport LIAM KILLEEN MOUNTAIN BIKER Liam Killeen, 24, a Commonwealth Games gold
medal-winner from Malvern, weighs only 10½st - no disadvantage in a sport where
the power to weight ratio is critical

BYLINE: Interview: Charles Randall

SECTION: SPORT; Inside Sport; Pg. 23

LENGTH: 703 words


The Commonwealth Games course in Melbourne was testing - mainly fast and flowing
with a few tricky technical sections, in particular the so-called "rock
garden''. It wasn't the perfect course for me because it was faster than the
courses with twisty steep climbs and descents courses where I usually do well.
So I was particularly pleased with the win in the midday heat.

As I expected, a small group of riders stayed together, and the last lap was
between the Canadian Seamus McGrath, silver medallist at the 2002 Games, my
England team-mate Oli Beckinsale and me. I broke away on the last climb and held
on.

Some top cross-country mountain bikers have switched successfully to the road,
whereas road cyclists tend not to change to mountain biking. Power to weight
ratio is critical, and cyclists are usually of light build. I'm 5ft 8in tall and
weigh only 10½ st, which is about average in this sport.

It's a more individual sport than road racing, where tactics are involved in
riding in groups to save energy. Once a mountain bike race starts, it can almost
be compared with an athletics marathon or cross-country skiing because of the
similar cardio-vascular demand. Gears are very important - I use 18, but some
people use as many as 27. I might try to stick at 80 revs per minute. You're
changing gear constantly to match each slope, as consistent pedalling helps to
keep your legs fresh. Bursts of speed are expensive in energy, so you want to
gauge their timing for best effect.

I train on the bike for between two to five hours a day, five or six days a
week. I do go to the gym a couple of times a week, more often in the winter. The
most important aspect of racing is being able to adapt to travel and time zones,
courses and weather conditions. As an athlete, it's about knowing your body and
being able to adjust your training for optimum recovery.

There are two mountain bike disciplines - cross-country, the Olympic event,
which is what I do, and downhill, racing from the top of a mountain to the
bottom. Both are highly specialised. You're either a downhiller or cross-country
rider. And the bikes are different. Downhill bikes have increased front and rear
suspension, fatter tyres and weigh a lot more. My cross-country machine is a
carbon fibre bike. You could spend pounds 500 to pounds 4,000 on a bike,
depending on the material, which is usually carbon fibre, aluminium or titanium.

A cross-country race will last at least two hours, with seven or eight laps of a
roughly four-mile circuit. Last year I did a professional marathon event in
Canada, riding for more than 60 miles in the mountains. Unfortunately one of the
course markers had blown away, and the lead group headed up into the hills in
entirely the wrong direction. We managed to retrace, and I actually won that
race. It seems amusing now, but not so funny at the time.

I started off-road cycling at 13 after watching the Malvern Classic mountain
bike festival. Going fast on two wheels always appealed to me.

My highest placing in a World Cup event was in April this year, when I came
third behind Bart Brentjens and Julien Absalon, the reigning world champion, in
Curacao. It was very close and that has made me optimistic about the future. The
World Cup series - from April through to September - is a professional circuit,
with six events. The prize money is about pounds 2,000 per event. Riders get
most of their income from sponsors and bike companies.

I haven't had any injury problems so far, just cuts and abrasions. Generally a
lot of collarbones get broken, as they're usually the first part of the body to
hit the ground. There's sometimes a bit of contact at the start during the
jostle for a good position, but on the whole it's all very sporting and there's
a good feeling on and off the circuit.

Anyone who fancies trying the sport could inquire about races at their local
bike shop or search the internet for the website of British Cycling.

Organised off-road racing using modified heavy-duty bikes started in California
during the late 1970s. The sport makes very good television, and it's a pity
there isn't much coverage. I would like to see more children getting involved,
and TV would help to encourage them into the sport.

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Telegraph Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              893 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                    Prince George Citizen (British Columbia)

                            April 10, 2004 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Taylor takes snocross world by storm: P.G. rider voted top rookie in World
Snowmobile Association pro class

BYLINE: Ted Clarke, The Citizen

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 668  words


The learning curve was steep in his first year of schooling on the pro snocross
circuit.

But with every race, Steve Taylor was looking more and more like a genius. Once
he'd put his injuries behind him and took his place on the honour roll, there
was nothing to stop the 21-year-old from Prince George from graduating atop the
pro rookie class in the World Snowmobile Association.

Despite missing half the season taking on the world's best snowmobile racers,
Taylor lived up to his potential as one of the hottest young racers on the WSA
circuit. Riding for the Blair Morgan's Ski-Doo Racing Team, Taylor finished 24th
in the 70-racer pro stock national class and was 19th overall among 52 riders in
the pro open national class.

He made finals in four WSA events -- New York, Green Bay, Michigan and Chicago.

The WSA rewarded Taylor by naming him rookie of the year in the pro class.

Not bad for a guy who broke his collarbone three days before the opening
national race in Duluth, Minn.

"It feels really good to win that," Taylor said. "I was so determined just
because I had such a bad summer, and the winter before, I got injured. I just
wanted it so bad I trained as hard as could with my arm and got it back really
good. After two or three nationals I was into shape again.

"I was here at home practicing on my track and I broke my collarbone. I tried
taping my arm up to see what would happen and it didn't work out so I missed the
first five nationals. I was able to get back in time for X-Games in January."

He said it took him a few weeks to build back his stamina but once he did that,
he was a dominant rider. He won his first WSA pro race in Michigan in
mid-February and finished the season by winning an indoor event a week ago
Saturday in Fargo, N.D.

Taylor suffered a serious concussion last year racing in the WSA, which severely
limited what he could do in motocross in the warm-weather months. To complicate
his recovery, an old motocross injury forced him into corrective surgery on his
ankle, which kept him out of all but three Canadian Motorcycle Racing Club
(CMRC) national events.

"Winning that first race was a huge confidence-booster after having such a
crappy year," he said. "It took a long time to get my head back to normal,
almost a year, but it's totally good now.

"That last race was cool. I passed Blair on the second lap and he followed me
around the whole race and crashed on the last lap. He was on me the whole race.
It was a good way for me to end the season."

Taylor was a semi-pro rider in the WSA last year. While he proved he was ready
for the step up, he knows he still has a lot to learn.

"The hardest thing was that everyone is fast," he said. "It's not like in
semipro where there are a lot of squids and just a couple guys you've got to
worry about. In the pro class you make one mistake and four guys are going to
get you. They're more aggressive because that's how they make their living.
There are no nice gesture passes."

The 28-year-old Morgan, Taylor's mentor and the guy who signs his paycheques,
also came back from a serious injury. Despite a badly broken leg and cracked
vertabra, suffered last June while racing motocross in Nanaimo, he managed to
win both WSA pro points titles.

He was in therapy for eight months and didn't think he'd ride the first
national," Taylor said. "He didn't qualify (for finals) at that one but just
worked at it every weekend. He was just so consistent he ended up winning the
championship."

Teammate Carl Kuster of Westlock, Alta., led the pro open points race for
three-quarters of the season but lost it with one bad race. He finished fourth
in pro open and fifth in pro stock.

Taylor now will switch gears to motocross, having secured a sponsored ride for
the CMRC 125cc West series on a Suzuki with CC Cycle of Edmonton. His first race
is set for June 12 in Nanaimo. The circuit also stops in Mission, Calgary and
Regina. He plans to ride in the local Interior Motorcycle Association races at
Blackwater whenever his schedule allows it.

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: (Steve) Taylor ;
Photo: Steve Taylor gets a birds-eye view of the course at the Pontiac
Silverdome in Michigan during one of his pro class snocross races on the WSA
circuit. The 21-year-old from Prince George was the top rookie this past season
in the WSA pro class. ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Sports

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2004 Prince George Citizen
                              All Rights Reserved


                              894 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                    Prince George Citizen (British Columbia)

                             March 10, 2003 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Teen holds his own against pros

BYLINE: Ted Clarke, The Citizen

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 477  words


At 15, Brett Turcotte is 25 years younger than Bob Reichert, the oldest rider on
the B.C. Snowmobile Federation snowcross circuit and the grandmaster of the pro
classes.

But as anyone who's ever raced a snowmobile will tell you, it's a young man's
sport, and Turcotte is proving those young bones are capable of hanging in there
with the big boys.

After winning all his semi-pro main events Saturday at the Northland Dodge
Superstore/North Central Truck Parts Snowcross 2003, Turcotte got the chance to
test himself Sunday against the pros when both classes were thrown together in
the same races.

Turcotte wasn't able to beat his pro mentors -- Reichert of Tulameen or Shaun
Demarcke of Hay River, N.W.T. -- but knows he'll have plenty of chances to catch
them next year when he's old enough to race in the pro classes.

"I'm only 15, but I know I can run there and it's cool running with the pros,"
said Turcotte, a native of Clearwater. "I can get out with them and challenge
myself to keep up to them.

"I've been racing BCSF semi-pro all year and I'm feeling good about it. I want
to move up to pro next year so I can give Reichert and everyone a good run."

Turcotte won Sunday's semi-pro 600cc and open main events and was heading for a
similar result in the 440cc main when he crashed at the Salmon Valley course.

The gutsy Turcotte is a sponsored rider on Blair Morgan's Ski-Doo Racing Team
and just returned from a team training session in Manitoba, where Morgan is
based as he competes on the World Snowmobile Association circuit. He'll rejoin
the team later this week in Lake Geneva, Wisc. for the WSA national grand
finale.

Josh Fraser of Williams Lake, another aspiring WSA rider, had his hopes of
finishing on the semi-pro podium short circuited by an electrical problem
Saturday, but rode his brother Aaron's sled Sunday and won the semi-pro open
main, was second in semi-pro 600 and third in the open main event.

"My brother's sled is a little soft for me but I was happy with it," the
18-year-old Fraser said. "It was an awesome track, a bit rough and bumpy, but
that's what makes it good."

Fraser is in his first season back on the BCSF circuit after a two-year break to
focus on finishing high school. Now that he's got that behind him, he's ready to
take racing as far as he can. He'd love to take the next step to the WSA circuit
and a big part of that will be finding the right sponsor.

"Now that they've seen we can run with the pros they'll probably tell us to get
out of the semi-pro classes to go to pro next year," he said.

"If the right people come to the race and you do well and impress those people
you can make your big break. If you can get onto a ride like (local WSA semi-pro
rider) Steve Taylor where you don't need to worry about work or school, all you
do is train and ride all week and race on weekends, you can go a long ways with
that."

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Sports

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2003 Prince George Citizen
                              All Rights Reserved


                              895 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                     Belfast News Letter (Northern Ireland)

                           January 13, 2000, Thursday

MOTORCYCLING: COULTER MAY SWITCH

BYLINE: Dermot James

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 56

LENGTH: 584 words


ONE of Ulster's top short-circuit riders Woolsey Coulter is considering a switch
to the newly formed British Superstock Series.

And if the 35 year old Portadown rider does accept an offer from the Aprilia
team boss, Ian Newton, he will join forces with Castlerock's Marty Nutt.

"Ideally I would like a second year in the British 600 Supersport class," said
Coulter last night. But Newton's package is an attractive one, I'm not
dismissing him at this stage.

"The Superstock category is going to benefit from hugh television exposure this
summer and thats got to be taken into account as well".

He added: "After winning the 250cc British crown in 1998 last season was a
learning curve so far as the 600 Supersports were concened. I had an indifferent
start but I was happier at the end of the season".

Coulter went on: "At the moment I'm sitting tight but there is still some
unfinished business in the 600 class. However Newton knows what he is about, he
always presents a professional image".

Should Coulter decline Newton's offer then its highly likely that the position
will be given to Lincolnshire's Matt Llewellyn who won the 250cc Aprilia
Challenge series following a season-long battle with young Nutt last summer.

Five times a winner at the North West 200, Coulter wants to return to the
seaside circuit in May. "I still think that I can score again if I had a
competitive bike" concluded Coulter. A MAJOR shake-up in the administration of
Irish motorcycling, in line with the world governing body, is likely to be
rubberstamped later this year. The Ulster and Southern Centres, as well as the
breakaway Motorcycle Racing Association, have all agreed to the changes which
look set to streamline the sport. "Instead of having committees reporting to the
Management Council, we intend setting up various commissions, each will be
totally responsible for running their branch of the sport," said Jim Cray, the
Ulster Centre President. He added: "There will be separate commissions for road
racing, short circuit racing, trials, touring/vintage and motocross which is in
the same group as enduros and supermotos." The road racing commission will
comprise five representatives from both the Ulster and Southern Centres, while
the motocross section brings together five delegates from the MRA and five from
the Southern Centre. Under these proposals there will be no management council
but two premier positions, that of president and secretary, will be retained.

Just over a year ago the formation of the MRA was regarded as a thorn in the
flesh of the Ulster Centre but this latest initiative will reunite the various
branches.

The MRA has now been accepted as an associate member of the MCUI with voting
rights just like the Ulster and Southern Centres.

So far as the proposed introduction of commissions are concerned, Cray feels
that everything will be approved at the forthcoming Inter-Centre Conference.

Meanwhile, the Paris-Dakar-Cairo rally featuring Saintfield's Paul Maguire, has
been thrown into chaos after French and American security forces warned of a
terrorist threat.

This means the cancellation of six stages. Teams and equipment will now be
airlifted to Libya where the event will continue on Tuesday.

Around 1,500 people, 150 cars, 127 motorcycles and 64 trucks will need to be
transported to Libya.

Maguire, who is taking part in his first Dakar rally, is currently in 73rd
position with Dubliner Vminney Fitzsimmons 98th.

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: TIME FOR A CHANGE . . . Woolsey Coulter is keeping his options open
about a move to the newly formed British Superstock series.

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2000 Century Newspapers Limited


                              896 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            March 1, 1997, Saturday

BYLINE: SUZANNE HAYES

SECTION: PASCO TIMES; RELIGION CALENDAR; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 736 words



Dade City

   The African Children's Choir will be in concert at 7 p.m. today at First
Baptist Church, 37511 Church Ave. The choir consists of 26 5- to 12-year-old
African children. Many have lost one or both parents and some are children of
Christian martyrs. The group is sponsored by Friends in the West. The
interdenominational, non-profit charity provides physical, spiritual and
educational support for thousands of African children. The group says the
children represent all the children of a continent wrought with famine and  war.
They demonstrate the potential to become strong Christian leaders for a  better
future in their land. A love offering will be accepted.

Holiday

   "Commandments Are Not Suggestions" is the sermon topic at the 8:25 and  10:55
a.m. Sunday worship services at Community United Methodist Church, 3214  U.S.
19. The Sunrise Vocal Ensemble will sing Morningstar at the first service  and
the chancel choir will sing The Heavens Are Declaring at the second.

A mini-play, Tales of the Circuit Riders, will be presented at the 12:30  p.m.
Tuesday meeting of the United Methodist Women. Bring a sandwich.

A dinner theater event at First Baptist Church of Holiday will feature the  New
Dawn Singers at 7 p.m. Friday. Their ministry began in 1966 as a youth
ensemble, Lehigh Valley Youth for Christ, in Allentown, Pa. They were then
known as the Eastsiders. Today, under the direction of John and Ann Blake, the
group sings in churches, schools, parks and fairs and at conventions and
performs during the summer months on the Atlantic City boardwalk.

Tickets for the dinner theater and show cost $ 8. For reservations, call  (813)
937-3041. The church is at 4807 Mile Stretch Drive next to the post  office.

New Port Richey

   United Methodist Women of First United Methodist Church, 5901 Indiana Ave.,
announces the following events. The women will have their first general  meeting
of the Lenten season at 1 p.m. Tuesday. The program is "Women  Building
Communities." Bring a friend.

Women and men are invited to attend a mini-mission program from 9 a.m. to  2:30
p.m. March 8 in Henderson Hall. Eileen Huntington of First United  Methodist
Church will conduct a study on John Wesley; Lucy Blevins from Hudson  United
Methodist Church will lead the study on China-Hong Kong; and LeeAnne  Campbell
of Community Methodist will lead a program on Living in a  Multicultural
Society. Marguerite Hanna is the district mission coordinator.

Bring a brown bag lunch. The host church will provide dessert and beverage.  The
public is welcome. For information, call (813) 842-7674.

The Foundations, a southern gospel singing group, will be in concert at 11  a.m.
Sunday at Trinity Baptist Church, 5725 Rowan Road. Dinner will be served  after
the concert. A love offering will be taken.

Forever His, a gospel singing evangelistic team from Bethel Baptist Church  in
Irving, Texas, will be at Fellowship Baptist Church at 10:30 a.m. Sunday.  The
church is at 5940 Massachusetts Ave.

Dana and Sue Talley will present a concert, "A Ministry of Joy," at 1:30  p.m.
Tuesday at Living Word Church, 5151 Rowan Road. Refreshments will be  served at
1 p.m..

The Talleys are co-founders of the international support ministry for  Eastern
Europe, Russia for Jesus. The ministry helps sustain the work of the  Russian
Bible Society, a Russian youth organization and missionary work in  Albania.
Tuesday's concert will include folk hymns and sacred songs from their  Russia
for Jesus tour.

Dana Talley has understudied with Luciano Pavarotti and Placido Domingo and  was
tenor soloist on the PBS production of Handel's Messiah for five  consecutive
years. Sue Talley has played with symphony orchestras since age 16  and arranges
much of the music recorded by the pair.

Erskine Holt will be the guest speaker at the 10 a.m. Sunday service at
Covenant Christian Church, 6814 Indiana Ave. The church invites you to bring a
friend and be blessed.

- Information for the Religion calendar must be submitted in writing to  Suzanne
Hayes, Pasco Times, 37837 Meridian Ave., Suite 214, Dade City, FL  33525. Items
must reach the Dade City bureau by noon Monday for Saturday  publication. From
east Pasco call (352) 521-5757. From other locations, call  (800) 333-7505, ext.
6108 or 6137.

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: PASCO TIMES

TYPE: COLUMN

                    Copyright 1997 Times Publishing Company


                              897 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                             Herald Sun (Australia)

                              June 5, 2016 Sunday
                               HeraldSun Edition

Ride on Isle time

BYLINE: SCOTT WALSH

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 54

LENGTH: 445  words


DAVE Johnson is already the fastest Australian to lap the famed Isle of Man TT
circuit - and now he wants a victory.

The South Australian has returned to the notorious mountain course having last
year become the first rider from Down Under to join the event's exclusive "130
Club".

Johnson moved to No. 9 on the event's all-time quick list by lapping the 60.7km
street circuit with an average speed of 131.595mph - or 211km/h.

In the 110 years of the often controversial motorsport carnival, only 18 riders
have averaged better than 130mph around a deadly track lined by stone walls,
trees and cliffs.

Johnson will ride in two categories this year - piloting the sole entry of the
factory Norton team in the senior Superbike class as well as a BMW S1000RR in
the Superstock TT.

He said the Superstock race, scheduled for Monday night Australian time, offered
his best chance of an outright win.

"I'm confident, I know I can do it. All the guys who've won TTs before, I've
beaten them on short circuits," he said.

"So it's just everything has to be perfect - the equipment, and my brain have to
be in the right spot.

"It's there, and I'm capable of doing it. I know I am." Johnson, 34, is a
veteran of the infamous Isle of Man TT and the Snaefell Mountain Course on the
island between Great Britain and Ireland that has claimed the lives of 246
riders in all forms of racing.

At last year's event, Frenchman Franck Petricola was killed in a crash, becoming
the 139th victim associated with the TT.

Johnson said regardless of his experience at the event, taking on the TT became
no more comfortable with time.

"Every year when you sit on the start line, you ask yourself, 'What the hell am
I doing here?," he said.

"I'm a kid coming from a normal family in little old Adelaide, and here I am at
the biggest motorcycle race in the world, s--ting myself.

"Going down Bray Hill at 330km/h, that's all I can think about. "Once you get
that first practice night under your belt you start to relax a bit, but before
that the nerves don't change." Johnson, an Adelaide export who has raced in
England for the past 16 years, has switched to Norton from Smiths Triumph last
year.

Last week's testing phase of the 2016 Norton campaign had been plagued by
electronic issues stemming from the lumpy and undulating surface that sends
high-speed bikes airborne in sections.

With those troubles fixed, he hoped to set the fastest TT speed recorded by a
Norton bike in the six-lap Superbike race on Friday night.

"The ultimate goal is to go 130mph this year and be somewhere near the top 10
again like I was last year," he said.

"The approach is go as hard as I'm comfortable with."scott.walsh@news.com.au

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Herald Sun


                   Copyright 2016 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              898 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           The Advertiser (Australia)

                           January 16, 2016 Saturday
                           AdvertiserFeatureB Edition

CLASSIC

SECTION: Pg. 29

LENGTH: 175 words


PEOPLE'S CHOICE CLASSIC SUNDAY, JANUARY 17 START AND FINISH: ADELAIDE, 7.15PM TO
8.15PM APPROX RACE DISTANCE: 51KM TV: LIVE ON CHANNEL 9, 12PM TO 3PM HIGHLIGHTS
ON CHANNEL 9, 11PM TO 12PM STAGE DESCRIPTION The People's Choice Classic heralds
the start of the Santos Tour Down Under Festival of Cycling. Held on the streets
of Adelaide, the closedcircuit road race is a preview to the Santos Tour Down
Under and sets the stage for the week ahead. Once again, the event will see the
riders test their skills in the East End of Adelaide.

WHAT TO DO Take part in the People's Choice Undies Run - walk or run the 1.7 km
circuit and help save lives by increasing awareness for bowel cancer screening.

Cheer on the riders in the Bupa Family Ride who will take to the circuit ahead
of the pros and stay on to support Stage 2 of the Santos Women's Tour.

Plan a family day out. Pre-race why not visit Adelaide Zoo, home to giant pandas
Wang Wang and Funi.

Flying solo or in a group? Indulge in a South Australian wine flight inone of
the laneway bars off Rundle Street.

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Advertiser


                   Copyright 2016 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              899 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               Weekend Australian

                           January 11, 2014 Saturday
                         1 - All-round Country Edition

Hilly course comes under fire

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 35

LENGTH: 213  words


CYCLING: The course for the Australian road cycling championships has again
sparked criticism, this time from national women's coach Martin Barras.

He said reverting to the hilly 10.2km circuit at Buninyong, near Ballarat, for
the road races this weekend would make the women's event less exciting and
restrict the type of rider who could win.

Barras would prefer more change following last year's experiment, where a
flatter section was added to the circuit.

That followed several years of criticism from riders, led by sprinter Robbie
McEwen, who felt the Buninyong circuit played too much into the hands of
climbing specialists.

``That's very unfortunate -- the course last year really opened the racing to a
much broader group of riders and we had a better race because of it,'' Barras
said.

``We're going back to more of a traditional climbers' race.

``I love going to Buninyong, I love the commitment to the national title. It's
very important but I'm an exponent of varying the course.''

One of the main reasons organisers abandoned last year's experiment was that the
decisive break in the men's race went away so early.

Race director Sean Muir said it would be impossible to organise separate routes
for the men's under-23, women's and elite men's road races on the same weekend.

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AUS


                   Copyright 2014 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              900 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                            October 28, 2013 Monday
                             First Drop-in Edition

World championship down to final race after Lorenzo's victory in Japan

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 47

LENGTH: 185 words


Jorge Lorenzo won the Japan Grand Prix on Sunday ahead of Marc Marquez, ensuring
that the MotoGP world championship battle will go down to the final race of the
season. Yamaha rider Lorenzo started from pole position and staged an impeccable
display to outperform championship leader Marquez on a Honda after a spectacular
duel. Third was Dani Pedrosa, also on a Honda. Marquez now has 318 championship
points, 13 more than fellow Spaniard Lorenzo with a maximum 25 points left in
the season. Valencia in a fortnight will be the first time in seven years that
the world title has gone down to the wire. Marquez is guaranteed to win the
title if he places fourth or better, regardless of Lorenzo's performance. The
20-year-old is bidding to become the youngest ever MotoGP world champion and the
first rookie title winner for 35 years. Riders' nerves were also tested as the
track north of Tokyo felt strong tremors from a powerful undersea earthquake off
the north-east coast early Saturday, although it caused no damage to the circuit
or elsewhere. Conditions at the Motegi circuit were dry and sunny on Sunday.

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              901 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                      North Coast Times (Perth, Australia)

                            January 15, 2013 Tuesday
                                   1 Edition

Racing to remember

SECTION: Pg. 5

LENGTH: 341  words


Right: George Scott racing in Yanchep National Park. Below: The starting line.
Pictures: John Victor Finney

THE British Small Arms Motorcycle Club started holding junior races in Yanchep
in 1948, with riders competing in various grades doing up to 10 laps of the
circuit.

The sealed road wound through the park with two short straights, former
motorcycle racer Peter Nicol told the Times.

The roadway was quite narrow and tree-lined, with large limestone rocks lining
the inside around the swimming pool and the Yanchep Inn section.

It provided very good training for young motorcycle racers to develop their
skills in machine control and hard braking.

Several of those riders went on to represent WA and compete successfully in the
Australian Grands Prix held in each State annually.

Mr Nicol was one of those, winning several State titles in both road racing and
motocross, and three Australian titles during his 10-year racing career.

I was just a teenager when I started and I had to race all these big, tough guys
who had just come back from the war, the Mt Pleasant resident said.

Other professional riders who chased first place through Yancheps shady circuit
included George Scott, Lloyd Chapman, Ken Tester and Denis Kingdom.

Mr Nicol said the WA Motorcycle Association considered the Yanchep circuit too
dangerous for high-powered 500CC motorbikes, restricting racing to machines up
to 350CC.

But as bikes capable of exceeding 160km/h were manufactured in the early 1950s,
speeds on the circuit escalated.

Serious accidents increased, forcing the WA Motorcycle Association to
discontinue racing at Yanchep National Park in the mid-1950s, Mr Nicol said.

Historian John Napier-Winch said the last race was held in 1954 and photographer
John Victor Finney attended the races in Yanchep, and had captured shots of
riders and spectators over those six years.

Yanchep National Park regularly hosts running events and the annual Hot Rods in
the Park event, and last Saturday, January 12, its first cycling event,
organised by the Northern Beaches Cycling Club.

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CNT


                   Copyright 2013 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              902 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                Central Telegraph and Rural Weekly (Queensland)

                                 July 27, 2012

Bucking broncs run in her blood;
This rodeo queen wants you to grab life by the reins

SECTION: Pg. 2

LENGTH: 229  words


THE TAROOM Rodeo, held on Saturday, July 21, was the start of the northern
circuit for 24-year-old Rebecca Luxford, the title holder of Miss Rodeo
Australia (Horsemanship) for 2012.

This could be considered a working holiday for Rebecca who lives in Swan Hill
Victoria.

She has taken annual leave from her job as an emergency department registered
nurse to complete this tour.

One of her main roles throughout the year will be to encourage other young women
to enter the sport and to support and mentor them through the first 12 months.

Rebecca competes in Barrel Racing and Calf Roping and won the 2011 Second
Division Southern Cross Rodeo Circuit Barrel Racing championships.

Rodeo is a family tradition. Rebecca's father is a former competition bull rider
and now travels the circuit as a pick-up rider.

It was the death of her cousin and rodeo training partner that gave Rebecca
Luxford the drive to continue her career in rodeo.

The charity she is supporting during her title year is the Hannah Rose Melanoma
Research Fund which has been set up in memory of her cousin.

"Rodeo is very competitive. It is about your skills as a rider and you have to
be the best to win. It is a great family sport and a wonderful way to build
relationships and friendships. Everyone on the tour is very friendly," she said.

Rebecca's dream is to one day win an Australian Barrel Racing title.

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RBC


                    Copyright 2012 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              903 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                      Northern Territory News (Australia)

                            July 11, 2012 Wednesday
                                  1 - Edition

Palmerston to host titles

BYLINE: MOTOCROSS

SECTION: Pg. 50

LENGTH: 195 words


THE Top End Motocross Club will host the 2012 NT Titles starting Friday with
scrutineering and some

racing at the track on Catalina Rd, Palmerston.

Over 100 riders from around the country have nominated for the championships,
and will contest events across a wide variety of classes.

Darwin's own queen of Motocross, Melissa Holmes, is also the Top End Motocross
Club president, and she said this prestigious event only comes to Darwin every
two years, and her club is geared up for three days of hot action.

``With over 100 entrants, it will be a monster weekend full of thrills and
spills, and wonderful racing,'' she said.

``We've got classes to cater for all ages and vehicle sizes and after
scrutineering, the racing commences on a specially designed mini bike track for
pee wees, 50cc, 65cc and title for seniors on their pit bikes.''

Saturday night is the main event, with riders from four-years-old to 50, in a
range of classes, racing around a 1.5km circuit with tabletops, step ups and
fast straights.

On Sunday, competitors will ride for the Natural Terrain Title around a fast,
sandy 1.3km bush circuit with titles decided over five laps or seven laps.

-- IAN BUTTERWORTH

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NTN


                   Copyright 2012 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              904 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                   Hobsons Bay Leader (Melbourne, Australia)

                             June 12, 2012 Tuesday
                                 1 - HT Edition

CYCLING Johnson powers to victory in opening stage

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 38

LENGTH: 187  words


CYCLING

RIDERS geared up for arguably Footscray Cycling Club's most gruelling event, the
54th annual three-day tour over the Queen's Birthday long weekend with Ben
Johnson blowing away his opposition on Saturday.

Stage one saw 50 riders in three divisions set off on the individual time trial
around Kirksbridge.

The stage also doubled as the club's individual time trial championships.

In A Grade, Johnson powered across the 30km circuit in 43mins 38secs, finishing
comfortably ahead of Adam Murchie and Daniel Hopper, who had plenty of time to
make up in the final two stages. A 120km ride was scheduled for Sunday (after
deadline).

In B Grade, Mark Scouller just held off Craig Evans by nine seconds, recording a
time of 30min 56secs for the 19.6km circuit.

The 24-year-old Wyndham Vale mechanic took a slim lead into Sunday's 100km race
and is starting to improve under coach Kim Howard.

``I started the year with lots of DNFs and a lot of hard training has made this
a good day. The only thing is I've got a target on my back for the next stage,''
he said.

Shannon Williams took out C Grade, while Glen Detering won in the Ds.

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HTV


                   Copyright 2012 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              905 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                          Nambour Weekly (Queensland)

                                 March 29, 2012

Stars come out to ride

SECTION: Pg. 43

LENGTH: 175  words



HIGHLIGHT: Pro riders to race around Conondale


THE 2012 MX Nationals will roar into life at the picturesque Green Park
Conondale Motocross Circuit on Sunday, April 1.

Round one of this Australian Championship returns to Conondale, a circuit many
rate as the best in Australia after a four year hiatus.

The 2012 series promises to be the most hotly contested in many years with a
number of pro riders returning from the USA and Europe to compete, including
2004 Word Champion Ben Townley.

Reigning Australian champion Jay Marmount, has switched to team Kawasaki for the
new season and all the front runners are fit and rearing to go for the opening
round.

The Sunshine Coast Motor Cycle Club has gone all out with track preparation
building several massive new jumps which will test the riders and thrill the
spectators alike.

The racing action will start at 9am on Sunday morning and the event will be
fully catered with a bar in place.

Admission to the track is $30 for adults and $15 for children under 15.

Green Park is located 16km along Maleny- Kenilworth Rd with signage from Maleny
and Kenilworth.

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SNW


                    Copyright 2012 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              906 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                      The Gold Coast Bulletin (Australia)

                            August 13, 2011 Saturday
                                B - Main Edition

Stoner Czechs in for Brno assault

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 116

LENGTH: 120  words


MOTOGP: Australia's Casey Stoner is looking to extend his lead in the MotoGP
standings in tomorrow's Czech Grand Prix in Brno with his sixth victory in 11
races this season.

Bolstered by victory in the US GP at Laguna Seca on July 24, before a three-week
summer break, Honda rider Stoner will seek to repeat his only Brno win from
2007, the year in which he won his only world championship title.

``Brno is a circuit I've always enjoyed and I believe with the results we've had
in the past years we can expect to have a good race there,'' Stoner said on the
motogp.com site.

But he will face tough competition from last year's winner, Spanish Yamaha rider
Jorge Lorenzo, second in the overall standings, on the 5.403km circuit.

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GCB


                   Copyright 2011 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              907 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           The Advertiser (Australia)

                             June 5, 2010 Saturday
                               1 - State Edition

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 111

LENGTH: 108  words


Stauffer heads

early practice

TWO times Australian Superbike Champion Jamie Stauffer is the early pace-setter
after yesterday's official practice session for this weekend's third round of
the Australian Superbike Championship at Queensland Raceway.

The Ducati rider recorded a fastest lap of 1min 10.376sec to edge the Honda of
championship leader Wayne Maxwell and Suzuki's Josh Waters.

All three riders were below the V8 Supercar lap record for the circuit of
1:10.5896, set last month by Ford driver James Courtney.

Stauffer holds the Superbike lap record for the 3.12km Ipswich circuit at
1:09.145, set in 2007, and was frustrated by his practice times.

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ADV


                   Copyright 2010 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              908 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         Illawarra Mercury (Australia)

                             March 26, 2010 Friday
                                 First Edition

Jay aims to get jump on supercross rivals

BYLINE: MICHAEL COX

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 66

LENGTH: 382 words


AFTER chasing a place in history, reigning Illawarra Mercury Sportstar of the
Year Jay Marmont will embark on his final frontier - the rich United States
supercross circuit.

Marmont will begin his quest to become the first rider to win three straight
Australian motocross titles when he tackles round one of the championship in
Horsham this weekend.

After that, he has his sights set on gaining a place on the US stadium-based pro
circuit, competing against the likes of Chad Reed, James "Bubba" Stewart and
Ricky Carmichael.

"To win three straight titles is a big thing," Marmont said.

"But it's more about where I want to go with my career.

"I want to polish off this third straight championship and put motocross behind
me for a couple of years and get to America.

"I want to focus on that."

The 26-year-old feels he has unfinished business in the US after failing to fire
on the pro circuit when he was 21.

"I went over by myself for a couple of years," he said.

"I think, knowing what I know now, I think I'll be a lot more experienced over
there and I'll hop on the big bike straight away - the 450cc.

"I'll just purely focus fully on supercross over there and supercross in
Australia."

After this year's motocross series, Marmont will test some supercross bikes
before competing in the $109,000 US Open, putting the Woonona-based rider in the
"shop window" for team owners.

"That's the time of the year when contracts are signed," Marmont said. "A couple
of my major sponsors are trying to help me out in Yamaha and Rockstar - they've
got a lot of contacts over there and they're trying to help me out."

Marmont will ride a new bike this year and is confident against a very strong
field.

"We're on the new Yamaha, it's fuel-injected this year and a totally redesigned
bike. In some ways it's been hard setting it up because it's a total unknown.

"It's taken a lot of testing but it's starting to come around and it feels
really good."

After this weekend, Marmont returns home to the Wollongong Bike Club track at Mt
Kembla for round one of the NSW motocross titles over Easter.

"It's been my home club since I was five years old, so I really wanted to
support it," he said.

"There's a lot of people from Wollongong who don't get to see motocross so it's
a great chance to come out and see some good riders."

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Champ: Jay Marmont (right), with younger brother Ryan, begins
his motocross title defence this weekend but US supercross is his goal.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2010 Illawarra Newspapers Holdings Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              909 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          Ocala Star-Banner (Florida)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 16, 2009 Monday

Sun sets on HITS' winter run

BYLINE: Naseem Sowti, Ocala Star-Banner, Fla.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 812 words


Mar. 16--Marion County's biggest equestrian event culminated in a $100,000
competition on Sunday after eight weeks of hunter/jumper horse shows.

Laura Linback led her horse, As Di Villagana, flawlessly on a difficult course
to win the $100,000 Deluca Toyota Tundra Grand Prix award, presented by Great
American Insurance Group, at the final event of the HITS Ocala Winter Circuit.

Forty-five riders competed in the Grand Prix event, held at HITS Post Time Farm
on Sunday afternoon, and five made it to the final jumpoff.

"In all circuits we came very close," said Linback after the race. "[As Di
Villagana] had been tremendous and this was it," she said with a big smile,
before being interrupted by friends who stopped by to congratulate her.

One of the hugs and congratulations came from Barbara Bartko of Maryland, whose
daughter, Tracy Magness, won the Catena Leading Lady award, for having won the
most number of competitions during the eight-week run, and the overall Grand
Prix award for having won the most Grand Prix events.

"I'm really happy with my horse," said Magness, referring to Tarco Van Ter
Moude. "It's a difficult course. One little mistake less would have made me
happier," she said after finishing her round earlier Sunday afternoon. Magness
did not make it to the final jumpoff.

During Sunday's event, the VIP tent was bustling with sponsors, horse owners,
riders and their families, and most of the bleachers around the course were
filled with fans.

Like a tennis match, the crowd would quiet as each rider started on the course,
they would let out audible sighs as a rail or two would fall, and they would
break out into loud cheers, especially when popular riders like Kyle King, and
his horse Gigolo, would finish their rounds.

"Most people in Ocala don't think about all the horse activities here," said
Jeanne Reed, a spectator who was sitting on her picnic chair outside of the
course's fence. "But you're surrounded by it. It's a great way to spend a Sunday
afternoon."

The number of competitors and entries to HITS Ocala didn't match up to last
year, which was the biggest year in the HITS Ocala's history. However, the
numbers were comparable to 2007.

Although the economic downturn has had its effects on HITS Ocala, the impact has
been blunted because many competitors chose Ocala over other circuits this year,
since "it offered the same product at a cheaper price and it exceeded their
expectations," said Lisa Engel, who is in charge of corporate sponsorship and
marketing for HITS, a special events management company focused on producing
hunter/jumper horse shows. The company holds circuits in California, Arizona,
New York and Virginia as well.

The sponsor mix also was a bit different, according to Engel, since a few real
estate companies that participated before didn't this year. Engel said there
were more equine-oriented sponsors on the list.

Engel said Ocala's horse-friendly environment has created a loyal client base
for HITS Ocala, further reducing the effect of the sluggish economy.

Illinois-based Linback has been attending HITS Ocala for the past two years, and
she said she will return next year. "Ocala is really horse friendly and people
friendly," she said.

HITS Ocala has more than a $50 million economic impact in the region, because
many attendees stay here for close to three months, rent stall spaces and some
end up buying homes and farms.

"I came to HITS Ocala in 2001," said Jill Norair of Virginia, who had brought
several horses with her to the eight-week competition. "I liked it and the
following year I bought a place. And I came here for longer and longer and
eventually became a resident of Florida," said Norair, who now has two farms
here. "Everyone's really friendly, and we all get to know each other."

To attract more people to the event, organizers brought in live entertainment
this year, such as World of the Horse to showcase all the horse breeds in Marion
County, and performances by the Arabian Nights crew for children. Engel said she
wants to add a senior day next year.

But after eight weeks of excitement, wins and losses, it was time to pack and
head back home for many participants on Sunday.

"It's a bittersweet ending," said Engel, who is flying back to New York this
week. "Because you're tired and you're heading home, but it's bitter because
we're leaving Ocala. We all look forward to coming back next year."

To see more of the Ocala Star-Bannner -- including its homes, jobs, cars and
other classified listings -- or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.starbanner.com. Copyright (c) 2009, Ocala Star-Banner, Fla.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090316-OA-EQUESTRIAN-EVENT-20090316

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OA


                        Copyright 2009 Ocala Star-Banner


                              910 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The Sun (England)

                              April 9, 2007 Monday

Hill pain in Rea

SECTION: MOTORCYCLING

LENGTH: 163  words


TOMMY HILL suffered a wretched Easter as he came a cropper at Brands Hatch -
again.

The Virgin Media rider crashed out in qualifying for today's first round of the
British Superbike Championship at the Kent circuit where another smash brought
an end to his season last year.

However, it is shaping up to be a much better Bank Holiday weekend for whizkid
Jonathan Rea.

The Ulsterman, 20, scorched into pole position, recording the fastest ever
two-wheeled lap of the Grand Prix track - beating the previous best set last
year by world champion Troy Bayliss.

Rea is starting his third term in the top flight as a team-mate to reigning
champ Ryuichi Kiyonari in the factory-backed HM Plant Honda team.

But he lapped the 2.3-mile circuit in 1min 25.235sec at an average speed of
97.18mph to turn the tables on the illustrious Japanese rider.

Rea said: "That fast lap felt really easy - it was just superb.

"I've not won a Superbike race as yet and it would be good to enjoy that success
here."

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 NEWS GROUP NEWSPAPERS LTD
                              All Rights Reserved


                              911 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                     The Leader-Post (Regina, Saskatchewan)

                              June 27, 2005 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Sport starting to take flight

BYLINE: Greg Harder, The Leader-Post

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C5

LENGTH: 550  words


Blair Morgan is a big fish from a small pond.

The Prince Albert native is one of the top names in the Canadian Motosport
Racing Club (CMRC) series, a national circuit which features the top riders from
Canada and the U.S.

However, Morgan's sport is somewhat of an afterthought in his home province,
where motocross -- and motorsport in general -- doesn't receive the same
attention it does in some other locales.

"It's the population really; there are more people in the other provinces,"
Morgan said following Sunday's CMRC event at Regina's Moto Valley Raceway. "It's
kind of hard to get other guys (from outside the province) to come here too.

"It's not a stick-and-ball kind of sport; it's not really established. It takes
a bit to get going."

The CMRC began including Regina on its circuit in 2001 and, by all accounts, the
event has been growing in popularity. Still, it's tough to compare a local crowd
of a few hundred people to the mobs of fans who attend events south of the
border.

"The biggest places are in the U.S. where you get 15,000 to 30,000 people at the
races," noted Morgan, 29. "Maybe in 10 years it could be like that (here).

"It's getting bigger every year, more and more sponsors too, which helps a lot.
Every year I think they get more money to help out with everything. There are a
lot of costs involved (in running a motocross).

"It's definitely growing every year. Slowly."

With all his accomplishments, it could be argued that Morgan has done more for
motocross in Saskatchewan than anyone else in the sport. His contributions were
recognized Sunday when the Regina Motocross Club presented Morgan with a
lifetime achievement award.

Morgan, one of the true veterans on the circuit, turned pro in 1993 and is a
perennial contender for the series championship. He won national titles in 1994,
'97, '98 and '99 while finishing second in 2001 and 2002.

"You start with the local races where there's only amateur stuff, little kids on
(small bikes like) 50s and 80s," he explained. "You just work your way up."

Morgan has come a long way since his early years of attending amateur races
where the riders showed up with their bikes in the back of pickup trucks.

"That's where it came from but now you've got the big 18-wheelers," said Morgan,
whose team, Morgan Racing, has roughly 25 sponsors, including Yamaha Canada. "It
would probably be pretty hard for someone to compete just showing up with a
pickup truck."

Morgan finished sixth overall in the MXI (250cc) division on the weekend, just
one spot behind his fifth-place result last week in Calgary.

Those finishes have been cause for optimism after Morgan got off to a slow start
this season due to injury. He suffered a broken right leg in a sno-cross
accident in February and the injury still isn't 100-per-cent recovered.

"I didn't really even get to start riding until a week or two before our first
race -- about a month ago," he noted. "It's definitely hard to get going. I'm
still kind of trying to get rolling."

Former national champion Jean Sebastien Roy of Quebec took home first place in
the MXI division Sunday. He was followed by four American riders while Morgan
came in sixth.

Dusty Klatt of Campbell River, B.C., finished first in the MX2 division (125cc).
Kyle Murphy of Coleville placed 25th in both the MXI and MX2 classes.

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: Troy Fleece, Leader-Post; Blair Morgan (blue) has Doug Dehaan
breathing down his neck during an MX1 division race.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Sports

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2005 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest Global Communications
                                     Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              912 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               Belfast Telegraph

                               November 29, 2003

TAS pin hopes on Sykes

BYLINE: By Jimmy Walker

LENGTH: 880 words


THERE are not many Ulster motorbike fans who can say - hand on heart - that the
name of Tom Sykes is on the tip of their tongues.

But Suzuki boss, Philip Neill, believes that 18-year-old Huddersfield lad Tom
will add a piece of Yorkshire relish to his TAS team in next year's British
Supersport 600 championship.

Neill has snapped up Sykes for his two-man team - the other member is Adrian
Coates - because as Philip said: "I've been keeping an eye on him most of the
season and I believe he can do a lot for us.

"He is in the same mould as David Jefferies, a fellow Yorkshireman, whose tragic
death at the TT is still something which is difficult to get over.

"Of course, Tom is purely a short circuit rider and there is no intention to go
to the roads, as was the case with Jefferies, but I understand that he and David
were very close when David won the British Superstock title in 2002 and Tom
narrowly failed to add the Junior version.

"Both were riding for the TECH 2 Suzuki team at the time."Sykes' signing for TAS
hasn't exactly caused a flow of enthu-siasm throughout the province.

Many still feel mystified by the fact that Michael Laverty, who appeared to be
"nailed on" for Suzuki has suddenly turned up as a member of the Paul Bird
Ducati outfit which, let's face it, would appear to be favourite for the British
title.

However, don't tell Sykes that.

In his broad Yorkshire accent he told me: "I take every rider as he comes.

And I'm hopeful that I can do justice to the TAS team.

"They have been very good to me and appear to be a set of lads whom I can get
along with.

I'm not fazed by the fact that I'm the only Englishman in an Irish team.

"David Jefferies was in the same position, so you must like Yorkshire people
over here!"Of course Jefferies was already a number one rider before he joined
Philip Neill and Sykes is a virtual unknown.

But I have a feeling that this won't be the case for long.

Sykes showed tremendous talent when finishing second to Stuart Easton in the
British Supersport round at Mondello last July.

"That was my first appearance in Ireland," he told me "and the atmosphere was
superb.

I liked Mondello because it is a twisty circuit and it really suited me.

"When I received a phone call from Philip wanting me to ride for the TAS team I
was quick to grab the opportunity.

I am keen to do well in the British series but at the same time I'm not a fool.

"My highest target would be to finish in the first three next year.

Winning the title would be nice but maybe that is still to come."I asked him his
thoughts about finishing ahead of Laverty at Mondello - Laverty was third that
day - and he said: "To be honest I don't really remember.

In the buzz of the racing I wasn't aware who was third or what was happening
behind me."Well he'll certainly know more about Laverty next season and he'll
also have to contend with another Ulster rider in Jonathan Rea who has joined
the Honda team.

Rea is only 16 but already he is talking about being a future champion.

You can't beat confidence, can you, especially if its coming from a youngster.

Sykes felt he should have won the British Junior Superstock in 2002, the year he
linked with Jef feries, but for an unfortunate incident at Cadwell Park when he
was forced off the track but rejoined the race.

He finished first but was disqualified and at the end of the season that's what
counted.

He fin-ished level on points with Craig Jones but Jones had one more win and
that made the difference.

"I felt cheated, having become British champion, but you have to take these
things in your stride," Sykes said.

"At the same time I couldn't complain about my performance in Junior Superstock
for I was 12 times on the podium out of 14 and that's not bad.

"I was riding a Suzuki then and last year I turned to Yamaha.

Maybe moving back to Suzuki will give me the boost I need."In last year's
British Supersport series, won overall by Carl Harris, Sykes ran into further
bad luck when he suffered an injured shoulder at Snetterton but still rode in
the next round at Thruxton.

Then at Rockingham he was quickest in qualifying but because of the controversy
over the white lines which hadn't apparently dried on the course, practice was
abolished and Sykes had to start from the third row of the grid.

"I got up to fifth place and then I caught my front wheel on the back of
somebody's bike, then my front wheel became entangled with someone else's bike.

It certainly wasn't my lucky season."Undoubtedly his Mondello performance was
his best and he finished eighth in the series overall.

But how does he feel about riding alongside Adrian Coates who has loads of
experience at this level.

"I'm delighted to be his team-mate but let's make it clear no-one has said who
is going to be number one or two in the team," he says.

"We decide that on the track.

It should be a memorable season as far as I'm concerned."In fact it could be a
watershed in the career of Philip Neill and the TAS team.

They've achieved everything they've attempted on the roads - a short circuit
title is something which certainly has to be looked at in the near future.

And it's not beyond them.


LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2003

LANGUAGE: English

TYPE: Paper

                Copyright 2003 Belfast Telegraph Newspapers Ltd.


                              913 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                               Carmarthen Journal

                          February 22, 2017 Wednesday

Plans for £500,000 track welcomed by Welsh Cycling

SECTION: NEWS:OTHER; Pg. 8-9

LENGTH: 354  words


CARMARTHENSHIRE continues to be a focal point of cycling developments and a
hotbed of honing young talent.

Welsh Cycling has welcomed the announcement of a new closed road circuit to be
developed at Pembrey Country Park -- which it describes as a  much needed
facility in Wales.

Plans to develop Carmarthenshire as the cycling capital of Wales shifted a gear
following Carmarthenshire Council executive board approval to create a new
£500,000 closed road cycling circuit at the country park.

Welsh Cycling and Sport Wales have backed the council who has allocated capital
programme funding for the purpose-built track.

It will be good news for cyclists near and far, and will further boost Pembrey
Country Park with an additional income of over £25,000 a year expected via
entrance fees, caravan and camping stays and secondary spend.

Anne Adams-King, Chief Executive of Welsh Cycling, said: "The development of
cycling facilities in Wales is a priority for Welsh Cycling as they provide
opportunities for all to cycle encouraging physical activity and progression
through sport to elite performance.

"Carmarthenshire is a hub of cycling activity, with clubs like Bynea CC, Towy
Riders and Sosban Riders growing every year.

The county has also produced many successful cyclists such as Team Wiggins rider
Scott Davies and European Track Cycling Champion Manon Lloyd, and with
facilities like Pembrey we hope this trend will continue to inspire Wales to
cycle."

Pontyberem's Amy Roberts also competes in events across Europe and further
afield and is involved in the British Olympic training camp in Manchester.

Welsh Government has agreed to sign over a parcel of Joint Venture land on
industrial space near the entrance of Pembrey Country Park meaning work will
begin shortly.

When complete it will be used to stage competitive cycle sports, recreational
events, and a traffic free environment for coaching and training.

The facility will be of Brit-  ish Cycling standard, and   only the second
closed road circuit in Wales, in addition to Marsh Track in, Rhyl, attracting
local, regional and national events, races and training camps.

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2017 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved


                              914 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                  Sunday Life

                                February 5, 2017
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Mickey D lets Carl Phil his boots;
EXCLUSIVE

BYLINE: JAMES ROBINSON

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 53

LENGTH: 411 words


ISLE of Man TT titan Michael Dunlop has thrown young prospect Carl Phillips a
lifeline after stepping in to provide the Lisburn rider with a bike for 2017.

Despite finishing as the runner-up in last year's British Superstock 600
Championship, Phillips was left out in the cold after Sandown Racing decided
against running the 23-year-old for a second season, opting instead to sign
Bangor's Robert Kennedy.

However, Phillips - who was named the Blackhorse Short Circuit Rider of the Year
at the Cornmarket Motorbike Awards in Belfast last weekend - has been handed a
second chance by 13-time TT winner Dunlop, who will supply him with a machine
for the British Superstock 1000 Championship.

The news was announced yesterday at the Northern Ireland Motorcycle Festival at
the Eikon Exhibition Centre in Lisburn.

In an exclusive interview with the Sunday Life, Phillips (right) revealed he
will run the machine in Ballymoney star Dunlop's MD Racing colours and thanked
the 27-year-old for saving his season.

"Throughout last year I became good friends with Michael and we had a bit of
banter with each other, texting back and forward. Towards the end of the year I
basically had nothing sorted and Michael was helping me out in terms of talking
to a few teams," Phillips said.

"Unfortunately nothing came up because teams were looking for big money to be
able to join them. Michael didn't want to see me stuck.

"He stepped in and said he'd supply me with a bike for the Superstock 1000
Championship, which will be a bike to whatever manufacturer he decides to ride
for on the roads.

"I have to find the budget towards running costs and at the moment I don't have
the budget to do a full year, so it'll be a case of doing what we can to start
off with. At the moment I'm hoping to have enough funding in place to do the
first three rounds and after that we'll have to see, but I'm hoping we can get a
few sponsors.

"I'll be running under the MD Racing banner, but whatever sponsors I'm able to
bring along they'll be on my bike as well."

Phillips, who is making the step up to the 1000cc class for the first time, will
also join Dunlop in Spain for some warm weather testing in March.

"I've never ridden a 1000cc bike before so the plan is to go to Spain for some
testing with Michael," he added.

"I've got to believe and if I get a full year then I don't see why I can't be
fighting for a podium at the end."

Dunlop has yet to confirm his own plans for the international road races.

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: LIFELINE: Michael Dunlop will supply Carl Phillips with a bike for 2017

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BSL


                           Copyright 2017 Sunday Life
                              All Rights Reserved


                              915 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                              West Sussex Gazette

                           October 20, 2016 Thursday

Thomas finishes sixth in standings

LENGTH: 331  words


Thomas Strudwick finished sixth in the British Moto3 Championship after two
fifth places in the final round of the season at Brands Hatch.

Thomas qualified for the first race on the second row and ended up fifth.

He lined up fifth for the second race and hoped to make up ground but another
rider crashed in front of him, which forced Thomas to take evasive action and he
lost several places as he dropped to ninth. Undeterred, he managed to get past
four riders and he crossed the line for his second fifth place of the weekend.

Although not the overall result Thomas and the team had hoped for at the start
of the campaign, they managed to learn an incredible amount  in their debut
season in the class and secured sixth place.

In the previous round at Holland's Assen TT Circuit, Thomas came fourth in the
first race before he crashed out in the second race.

Thomas now heads to the Red Bull Rookies Championship, after receiving an invite
for the third successive year.

The event is at Spain's Guadix Circuit and if successful Thomas will compete  at
circuits all over Europe on the same program as the world's best MotoGP riders.

Don't miss out on all the latest breaking news where you live.

Here are four ways you can be sure you'll be amongst the first to know what's
going on.

1) Make our website your homepage at {http://www.littlehamptongazette.co.uk/|
www.littlehamptongazette.co.uk/ | www.littlehamptongazette.co.uk/}

2) Like our Facebook page at {https://www.facebook.com/LittlehamptonGazette |
www.facebook.com/LittlehamptonGazette| www.facebook.com/LittlehamptonGazette}

3) Follow us on Twitter {https://twitter.com/LhamptonGazette | @LhamptonGazette
| @LhamptonGazette}

4) Register with us by clicking on sign in' (top right corner). You can then
receive our daily newsletter AND add your point of view to stories that you read
here.

And do share with your family and friends - so they don't miss out!

The Littlehampton Gazette - always the first with your local news.

Be part of it.

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JPWG


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              916 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                  Louth Leader

                             August 26, 2016 Friday

Home is where the heart is for Hickman

LENGTH: 289  words


Peter Hickman is hoping home advantage pays off as he makes the short trip to
Cadwell Park this weekend for round eight of the MCE British Superbike
Championship.

The Louth rider lives within a stone's throw of the track and is relishing the
chance to shine in front of all his family, friends and fans as he attempts to
score maximum points at the Wolds circuit.

His JG Speedfit Kawasaki Superbike team spent a couple of days at Cadwell
recently to test the bikes and find a good set-up ahead of the races, and Hicky
was happy with the results.

"I was at the track with my team JG Speedfit Kawasaki and things have gone
really well," said Hickman who earned his first BSB win at the Lincolnshire
circuit two years ago.

"I recorded my personal best time for a test and was within a tenth of my
overall personal best at Cadwell.

"I'm happy with the way it's gone; we have tried lots of different things and
figured out what does and doesn't work so it's all been pretty good.

"The weather has been kind to us and I'm really looking forward to the bank
holiday weekend now to get some good racing in and hopefully end up with a
couple of podiums."

Hickman currently lies 10th in the overall rider standings after a disappointing
run of results, but remains only 19 points off a coveted top six position.

The weekend begins on Saturday with free practice at 10.20am and 3pm.

On Sunday there is a further free practice session at 10.20am ahead of the
three-stage qualifying session at 4.07pm.

Monday is race day and there is a short morning warm-up at 9.10am for
last-minute checks on the bikes before they take to the grid for race one which
is scheduled for 12.50pm and runs over 18 laps.

The second encounter is later in the day at 4.50pm.

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MLOP


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              917 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                   Daily Star

                            August 13, 2016 Saturday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

MARC IS A LITTLE OFF TRACK

BYLINE: DAVE FERN

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 46

LENGTH: 188 words


MARC MARQUEZ will take a step into the unknown tomorrow when MotoGP returns to
Spielberg in Austria for the first time in 19 years.

The Repsol Honda star had only ridden a road bike there ahead of yesterday's
free practice, whereas Ducati pair Andrea Dovizioso and Andrea Iannone recently
had a private test.

The pair took full advantage, with Dovizioso producing a scorching lap of 1m
23.617secs, eclipsing his team-mate by 0.238secs in a private duel at the top of
the leaderboard.

Suzuki rider Maverick Vinales, fastest in the morning session, ended the day in
third place, marginally faster than Valentino Rossi.

The Italian is the only rider to have raced the circuit before, back in 1996,
and he powered in a best lap of 1m 24.483secs on the Movistar Yamaha. Marquez
was back in an uncharacteristic 10th place, a massive 1.422secs slower than
Dovizioso.

Cal Crutchlow, who had already tested his LCR Honda at the circuit, could be in
the frame for his best result of the season after running fifth fastest, but
Scott Redding and Bradley Smith both struggled and Eugene Laverty crashed in the
first session, although he was unhurt.

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: IN THE DARK: Marquez

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DST


                       Copyright 2016 Express Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              918 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                 Worcester News

                            April 13, 2016 Wednesday

Worcester St John's Cycling Club riders prepare for Gerry Hughes memorial spring
road race

SECTION: SPORT

LENGTH: 335 words


WORCESTER St John's Cycling Club member Mark Corbett competed in two events over
consecutive days.

Corbett finished second in the Welland Trophy time trial and ninth at the League
of Veterans Racing Cyclists (LVRC) A/B road race on the same course.

Saints were well represented in the LVRC race, which was in windy conditions
with a strong crosswind making sections of the circuit particularly difficult.

Adrian Bird and Phil Whiteley managed to secure positions in the breakaway group
and finished fifth and eighth respectively.

Corbett led the chasing pack alongside fellow Worcester race team GBC.

Richard Graham, making his road race debut, and Rob Nicholls, in his first
outing of the season after illness, performed well to end up in the pack.

In the C/D race, Richard Rollason continued his comeback to competition with a
fine 14th-placed finish.

At the LVRC/VTTA combined Welland Trophy time trial, four seconds cost Saints'
riders the prize.

Corbett lost out on the top prize to Jon Simpkins (35 minutes 14 seconds) of
Team Drag2Zero despite recording a good time of 35:19.

Simon Adcook also came second with a deficit of four seconds in the road bike
competition.

In the main TT contest, Simon Garrett (37:31) and Whitely (38:28) achieved
top-10 positions.

Callum Hibbert was the quickest junior in 40:34.

Nicholas Bradburn, riding a fixed wheel on an undulating course, finished in
43:08.

Dave Walker and Jason Milner were second in the two-up encounter and victors in
the two-up standard team event.

Three St John's riders took part in the British Cycling-organised Two Counties
Road Race in Bridgnorth.

Over a testing, multiple-lap, 50-mile course with a steep hill at the end of
each circuit, Matthew Millward, Mark Thomas and Harry Thomas creditably finished
in the bunch.

St John's hold their annual Gerry Hughes memorial spring road race on the
Welland circuit on Sunday.

Starting at 10.30am, this category 2/3/4 race is part of the West Midlands Road
Race League and features 80 riders over an undulating 65 miles.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              919 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                            January 11, 2016 Monday

Hafizh healing well

BYLINE: Fadhli Ishak

SECTION: Pg. 37

LENGTH: 246 words


HAFIZH Syahrin Abdullah's hopes of making a full recovery for the new Moto2
season are looking positive as the injuries he suffered after crashing at the
final leg in Valencia in November are healing well.

The Petronas Raceline rider, who fractured bones in his right palm, said he was
happy with his progress but admitted that he is still some way from being ready
to race.

"I recently had an X-ray done on my hand and it showed that my bones had all
reconnected as they were before the accident.

"However, I still need at lot of physiotherapy work to improve the movement in
my hand and make it stronger.

"It is good news for me and I am very happy and grateful for the support and
prayers from family and fans all this while."

Hafizh, 22, who has been undergoing physiotherapy at the Kuala Lumpur Sports
Medicine Centre, had surgery in Barcelona on Nov 13 where two metal braces were
inserted into his hand to speed up the healing process.

He has yet to start testing for the new season despite his team having already
received the new Kalex chassis for this year. Hafizh ended the Moto2
championship last season a respectable 16th on 64 points.

The rider is expected to begin testing mid next month at the Jerez and Valencia
circuits and has stressed that he needs to hit the ground running as his
competitors have already started testing since the end of last year.

The 2016 season will kick off with a night race at the Losail International
Circuit in Qatar on March 20.

( END )

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Motorcycling

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad
                              All Rights Reserved


                              920 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                            Belfast Telegraph Online

                        July 27, 2015 Monday 9:27 AM GMT

Armoy Road Races 2015: Dean Harrison revs up for his Ulster Grand Prix bid

BYLINE: By Roy Harris

SECTION: MOTORCYCLING

LENGTH: 413 words


Dean Harrison and the Saintfield-based Mar-Train Yamaha Team received a much
needed boost at Armoy Road Races on Saturday ahead of the Ulster Grand Prix in
just over a week's time when the Yorkshire rider put the new YZF-R1M Yamaha
Superstock machine on the SGS International Race of Legends podium on Saturday.

The last time Dean competed at Armoy was in 2010 when he completed a Junior and
Senior Support classes double on his debut around the three-mile North Antrim
circuit.

He quickly became reacquainted with the circuit putting the team's R6 Yamaha on
the front row of the grid for the two Supersport races and the R1 in eighth for
the two Superbike events.

In both Supersport races the 26-year old Braford rider became embroiled in
battles with Lincolnshire's Guy Martin.

Harrison said: "That was good fun. We were kind of unlucky to miss out on second
in the second race."

In fact he finished third in both - on Friday by less than half a second, but on
Saturday the gap was less than half a machines length.

Starting from the third row in the Open race the bike just wasn't right and Dean
could only manage fifth behind Martin, William Dunlop, Derek Sheils and Michael
Dunlop.

However a few tweaks between races saw the R1 transformed and Harrison worked
his way through to third position in the Race of Legends, having been fifth on
the opening lap a high speed freight train of riders, eventually overhauling
Derek McGee and William Dunlop. Harrison sethis fastest lap of 104.293mph on the
third of six laps to clinch the final step on the podium.

Harrison commented: "We made a change to the suspension and for the first time
the R1 was perfect over the jumps. By the time I had made it past McGee and then
William, Michael and Guy were gone, but a podium was a good result.

"We have had a few good events recently and we are heading to the Ulster in a
good frame of mind looking for a strong finish to the season."

A buoyant team boss Tim Martin said: "Dean has ridden well here at a circuit he
doesn't know. He was getting faster with every outing and the podium in the
feature race really pleased me.

"We made a small change to the R1 for that race and it solved a small problem we
were having over the jumps allowing Dean to push on and he did well to catch and
pass William Dunlop around here.

"We started July with our heads down, but have finished it with our tails up;
full credit to Dean, my guys on the support team, Yamaha UK and Ohlins
Suspension for making it happen."

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBBELT


           Copyright 2015 Independent News & Media (Northern Ireland)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              921 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                               Belfast Telegraph

                              July 27, 2015 Monday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Harrison revs up for Ulster Grand Prix bid

BYLINE: ROY HARRIS

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 48,49

LENGTH: 416 words


DEAN Harrison and the Saintfield-based Mar-Train Yamaha Team received a much
needed boost at Armoy Road Races on Saturday ahead of the Ulster Grand Prix in
just over a week's time when the Yorkshire rider put the new YZF-R1M Yamaha
Superstock machine on the SGS International Race of Legends podium on Saturday.

The last time Dean competed at Armoy was in 2010 when he completed a Junior and
Senior Support classes double on his debut around the three-mile North Antrim
circuit.

He quickly became reacquainted with the circuit putting the team's R6 Yamaha on
the front row of the grid for the two Supersport races and the R1 in eighth for
the two Superbike events.

In both Supersport races the 26-year old Braford rider became embroiled in
battles with Lincolnshire's Guy Martin. Harrison said: "That was good fun. We
were kind of unlucky to miss out on second in the second race." In fact he
finished third in both - on Friday by less than half a second, but on Saturday
the gap was less than half a machines length.

Starting from the third row in the Open race the bike just wasn't right and Dean
could only manage fifth behind Martin, William Dunlop, Derek Sheils and Michael
Dunlop.

However a few tweaks between races saw the R1 transformed and Harrison worked
his way through to third position in the Race of Legends, having been fifth on
the opening lap a high speed freight train of riders, eventually overhauling
Derek McGee and William Dunlop. Harrison sethis fastest lap of 104.293mph on the
third of six laps to clinch the final step on the podium.

Harrison commented: "We made a change to the suspension and for the first time
the R1 was perfect over the jumps. By the time I had made it past Mc-Gee and
then William, Michael and Guy were gone, but a podium was a good result.

"We have had a few good events recently and we are heading to the Ulster in a
good frame of mind looking for a strong finish to the season."

A buoyant team boss Tim Martin (pictured) said: "Dean has ridden well here at a
circuit he doesn't know. He was getting faster with every outing and the podium
in the feature race really pleased me.

"We made a small change to the R1 for that race and it solved a small problem we
were having over the jumps allowing Dean to push on and he did well to catch and
pass William Dunlop around here.

"We started July with our heads down, but have finished it with our tails up;
full credit to Dean, my guys on the support team, Yamaha UK and Ohlins
Suspension for making it happen."

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Front-runners: William Dunlop, Guy Martin and Dean Harrison at the
start of the 600cc race at the Armoy STEPHEN DAVIDSON

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BTT


                Copyright 2015 Belfast Telegraph Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              922 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                         Drogheda Independent (Ireland)

                                  July 8, 2015
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Busy weekend on road race circuit as riders spoilt for choice

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 63

LENGTH: 678 words


IT was one of those weekends where cyclists had a wide variety of races at
various venues to choose from.

week-The first event of the weekend was the Newry 3-day race, promoted by Newry
Wheelers CC, which opened on Friday evening with a 35 mile road race at
Warrenpoint in Co. Down.

With the course relatively flat, the race came down to a massive bunch sprint to
the line.

pic-Here Craig Sweetman (pictured) from Stamullen M Donnelly Road Club was
narrowly out-gunned for by Mark McKinley from the promoting club. This was the
second time in as many weeks that Craig had to settle for second best, as only
one week ago, he finished second in the National Senior (Over 40) Road Race
Championship at Omagh, Co. Tyrone.

Early on Saturday morning, the second stage of this threeday event which was a
64-mile road stage got underway and this was a tough enough stage, taking in two
severe climbs, at Reed Hall and Santas Cottage before finishing in Hilltown.

Six miles from the finish, on the top of the final climb, Sweetman, who was part
of a leading 11-man break, which did not include the yellow yersey of the race
leader, but did feature his teammate Arek Klus, had the dreadful misfortune of
being brought down in a pile up, diminishing his chances of taking over the
yellow jersey. The stage was won by Gary Crory from the VC Glendale CC in
Belfast with Stamullen rider, Klus finishing in 7th position.

Both Stamullen riders lost time in the Saturday afternoon stage, which was a
4-mile time trial.

Sunday's final 73 mile road stage was won, once again, by Gary Crory with
18-year old Jake Gray from Armagh and a member of the Nicolas Roche Performance
team taking overall victory after posting consistently high placings in all four
stages over the weekend.

On Saturday evening, Navan Road Club held the Ballivor Grand Prix in Meath. This
event was contested over three laps of a 12-mile circuit and won by Daragh Long
from the UCD team. Gary Gorman from the Stamullen club finished 6th.

In the Senior A3 section, John Clarke from Navan RC finished second.

Brendan Harte from Bohermeen CC finished 1st in the Senior A4 and Patrick
Goszczyk from the Nicolas Roche Performance Team was first Junior. Then on
Sunday, riders travelled down to Bunclody in Co. Wexford to compete in the Eddie
morial 60-mile race held over a hilly course.

This race was won by Dundalk strong man, Bryan McCrystal who is a member of the
ASEA team. McCrystal powered his way home alone, some 1 min 48 secs ahead of
Mark Dowling from the DID Dunboyne club with Swords cyclist Eoin Morton from the
UCD team in third place.

In the Senior A4 race held at the same venue, Glenn White (Stamullen) put in a
tremendous performance throughout to come home in fourth place.

On Monday night, Drogheda Wheelers CC promoted the second round of the Mark
Mullen Memorial League, which is going from strength to strength with increasing
numbers of entries weekly.

After completing the 5.5 laps of the Donore circuit, Brendan Hessman, who races
unattached, romped home to win by a clear margin of 15 seconds from Niall Craven
of Drogheda Wheelers with Stamullen duo Gary Gorman and Seamus Howard filling
third and fourth places respectively.

The underage Race was won by Drogheda Wheelers cyclist Sean Lenehan, with Aaron
Treanor from Cuchulainn CC in second place and Ellen and Grace Gorman coming
home in third and fourth place.

Next Sunday Moynalty CC will host the Moynalty Grand Prix with races for the
Youth's at this same venue.

On Monday night (13th July) Round 3 of Mark Mullen Memorial League takes place
at Donore at 7:30 pm.

Stamullen MD RC will host a Charity Cycle in aid of Makea-Wish on Saturday
morning 10:00am from Stamullen Village. There will be two distances, a 105km and
a 55km, Entry (EURO)20 online at www.precisiontiming.net or (EURO)25 on the day.

For participants there will be a free draw for a holiday for two to the south of
France with airfares paid, drawn from the sign-on sheets on the day. Support
welcome.

There will also be a separate Family Cycle with funds going to Chi Taekwondo,
Stamullen.

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DHI


             Copyright 2015 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              923 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                         Somerset Standard and Guardian

                             May 28, 2015 Thursday

Cricketer's cycling team rides to dream debut in first leg of tour

SECTION: NEWS:OTHER; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 283  words


ONE Pro Cycling, the team co-owned by England cricketer Matt Prior, made a dream
debut in the Pearl Izumi Tour Series, taking maximum points from the Ryde double
header opening round.

The televised Series visited the Isle of Wight for the first time, with Ryde
hosting a Team Time Trial and circuit race, with ONE Pro Cycling led by Yanto
Barker winning both events, to lead the Pearl Izumi Tour Series by two points
from Madison Genesis after Round One.

On a circuit drying from a morning of torrential rain, ONE Pro Cycling took the
win in the opening Team Trial, consisting of two laps of the 1.3km Ryde circuit
with a time of 3:44.504, four seconds quicker than Madison Genesis with Pedal
Heaven in third, their best ever result in the Series.

Four hours later and ONE Pro Cycling, now wearing the red and white Series
leader jerseys, again showed their strength, placing all five of their riders in
the leading pack behind lone individual winner Tom Scully.

Throughout the race ONE, along with NFTO and Madison Genesis were active at the
front, with the former two chasing first Tom Stewart and then Kiwi Scully, as
the Madison Genesis riders took the race, with its new time based format, to the
other teams.

With NFTO disadvantaged by their Australian Criterium Champion Steele Von Hoff
suffering a mechanical on the Union Street climb mid-race, weight of numbers
allowed ONE Pro Cycling to record the evening's lowest race time, with all five
of their riders in the front group.

Individually Madison Genesis' Commonwealth Games Champion Scully took the race
win, with teammate Stewart leading much of the race to sweep up the intermediate
sprints and pull on the Chain Reaction Cycles Points Jersey.

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2015 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved


                              924 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            Daily Post (North Wales)

                             May 27, 2015 Wednesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Anglesey plays host to classic motorbikes

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 34

LENGTH: 265 words


MOTORCYCLE RACING THIS weekend sees the Welsh Classic Motorcycle Festival and
Thunderfest at Anglesey Circuit with classic bikes in action and on display.

Motorcycling spectators can even take to the track in a lunchtime cavalcade for
free!

For the track day, riders will be split into three groups - novice, intermediate
and expert - and they will be riding a range of bikes from Japanese strokers to
Italian V--twin thoroughbreds and old British thumpers.

Specialist event organisers Classic Bike Trackdays will be providing free
professional tuition, tyre support courtesy of Continental tyres, and an
on--site mechanic who will be on hand for those who experience mechanical
trouble.

E-BSB champion Niall Mackenzie will also be present with the team from Classic
Motorcycle Mechanics magazine.

With just six places before a complete sell-out, Thunderfest 2015 - which will
be held as part of the Welsh Classic Motorcycle Festival - has attracted a
record entry.

Thunderfest organiser Frank Melling said: "We're delighted with both the size,
and quality, of the entry.

"We will have some fabulous bikes ranging from 1960s GP bikes to modern classics
like the Moto Guzzi Le Mans.

"In eight years of the Thunderfest, this is the best entry we have had.

"A key factor is the popularity of the Anglesey Circuit.

"Every rider is in agreement that Anglesey is one of the great tracks in the
world with a completely natural layout which is the nearest to real road racing
that a rider can have on a race circuit."

There will also be classic bike displays.

For more information go to www.angleseycircuit.com

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DPW


                       Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              925 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                              May 17, 2015 Sunday

Sluggish start by Hafizh, Zulfahmi

BYLINE: Fadhli Ishak

SECTION: Pg. 61

LENGTH: 269 words


IT was a slow outing for Malaysian riders in the free practice at the French
Motorcycle Grand Prix as they struggled with grip issues on a damp and windy Le
Mans circuit on Friday after a rainfall early in the day.

In Moto2, Hafizh Syahrin Abdullah, who has consistently finished in the points
this season, clocked a best lap of one minute 39.243 seconds to place 22nd.

The Petronas Raceline rider, who is currently 10th in the overall standings,
said he has yet to fully settle in at the tricky circuit.

"I think I did reasonably well, I just need some changes done to the suspension
to be more confident with myself on this track," said the 20-year-old, whose
best finish this season was sixth at Austin last month.

"There are quite a few wavy corners here so I have to be careful."

Idemitsu Honda Team Asia's Azlan Shah Kamaruzaman came in 25th on 1:39.598s
while rookie Zaqhwan Zaidi (JPMoto Racing) clocked 1:41.434s for 29th.

In Moto3, grip issues in the second session saw Drive M7-SIC Racing Team's
Zulfahmi Khairuddin and Jakub Kornfeil focusing on improving their settings
rather than going for outright pace.

Zulfahmi clocked a best lap of 1:45.177s for 31st while Korfeil managed
1:43.914s to come in 14th.

Zulfahmi said: "I was quite strong in the first sector (of the second session)
but it was not easy to put in a quick lap. We tried the softer tyre and I didn't
have a good feeling on the bike.

"It was difficult to stop because the grip was not there, so I could not push.

"There are a lot of hard braking points on this track so we need to make some
adjustments to our set up to be able to improve."

( END )

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Motorcycling

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2015 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad
                              All Rights Reserved


                              926 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                              May 17, 2015 Sunday

Sluggish start by Hafizh, Zulfahmi

BYLINE: Fadhli Ishak

SECTION: Pg. 61

LENGTH: 269 words


IT was a slow outing for Malaysian riders in the free practice at the French
Motorcycle Grand Prix as they struggled with grip issues on a damp and windy Le
Mans circuit on Friday after a rainfall early in the day.

In Moto2, Hafizh Syahrin Abdullah, who has consistently finished in the points
this season, clocked a best lap of one minute 39.243 seconds to place 22nd.

The Petronas Raceline rider, who is currently 10th in the overall standings,
said he has yet to fully settle in at the tricky circuit.

"I think I did reasonably well, I just need some changes done to the suspension
to be more confident with myself on this track," said the 20-year-old, whose
best finish this season was sixth at Austin last month.

"There are quite a few wavy corners here so I have to be careful."

Idemitsu Honda Team Asia's Azlan Shah Kamaruzaman came in 25th on 1:39.598s
while rookie Zaqhwan Zaidi (JPMoto Racing) clocked 1:41.434s for 29th.

In Moto3, grip issues in the second session saw Drive M7-SIC Racing Team's
Zulfahmi Khairuddin and Jakub Kornfeil focusing on improving their settings
rather than going for outright pace.

Zulfahmi clocked a best lap of 1:45.177s for 31st while Korfeil managed
1:43.914s to come in 14th.

Zulfahmi said: "I was quite strong in the first sector (of the second session)
but it was not easy to put in a quick lap. We tried the softer tyre and I didn't
have a good feeling on the bike.

"It was difficult to stop because the grip was not there, so I could not push.

"There are a lot of hard braking points on this track so we need to make some
adjustments to our set up to be able to improve."

( END )

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Motorcycling

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2015 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad
                              All Rights Reserved


                              927 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                             Kidderminster Shuttle

                            April 15, 2015 Wednesday

Overton pips Blacker in midweek championship

SECTION: SPORT

LENGTH: 210 words


CYCLING: Andy Overton raced to victory in the latest round of Wyre Forest CRC's
midweek time trial in 23 minutes and 28 seconds.

Former WFCRC rider Phil Blacker, who is now a member of Team Jewson, was second
in 23.42.

Following a 10 miles time trial on Tuesday and the midweek race on Wednesday,
Jon Howard completed his week with victory in the Ludlow CC promoted 25 miles
time trial in a time of 59.29 with club mate Ian Connolly finishing eighth with
1-06.07.

In the realteam.co.uk promoted 25 miles time trial on the popular Glynneath
circuit, Dave Meacham was the top rider for Wyre Forest finishing 14th from an
entry of 105 riders in a time of 57.13, followed by Overton in 23rd place with
58.12 then Paul Gibson 55th on 1-04.08.

In the West Midlands Youth series of circuit races promoted by Wyre Forest CRC
at the Stourport Sports Club, Aimee Lane sped to victory in the under-12s girls
race with Ben Lawrence fifth and Charlie Boddice 23rd in the boys race.

In the under-14s boys, Jamie Crump was just edged out of a podium place in a
sprint finish crossing the line in fifth place.

Williams Pederson was 17th in the under-16s, with Oliver Bull 22nd.

Lawrence and Crump also secured fifth places at the Shropshire Wheelers promoted
circuit races at Sundourne.

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              928 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                     The Press (Christchurch, New Zealand)

                            December 5, 2014 Friday

City loses premier cycling race

BYLINE: Hanne Davis

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 430 words


Christchurch has lost the right to host the popular national road cycling
championships.

The loss has been labelled "a catastrophe" by a Canterbury sports sector chief.

The event - for elite and under- 23 riders - has been held on a Cashmere hills
circuit since 2010 with thousands of spectators lining the route.

Event manager Simon Hollander confirmed yesterday that 2015 would be the last
time the championships came to Christchurch until 2019, at least.

The Press understands Napier will be the new host venue.

BikeNZ will officially announce the hosts at the race in January.

It is understood that Napier secured the event for the next three years because
of the financial strength of its bid.

When asked whether or not it had been successful, the Christchurch City Council
referred the issue back to BikeNZ.

It is understood that the council could not meet the financial investment
required by BikeNZ.

Sport Canterbury chief executive Julyan Falloon said losing an event that had
built up such a strong following was "a catastrophe".

Falloon, who wrote a letter of support for the Christchurch bid, said he was
disappointed that the event would not return, particularly when the council had
been successful in building its post- earthquake sports portfolio.

Olympic Games track cycling medallist Hayden Roulston, a four- time champion,
won the 2014 race from Tour de France rider Jack Bauer.

The shift from Christchurch will be welcomed by some members of the cycling
community, who feel the event needs to move around New Zealand to offer
different types of terrain. The established circuit takes riders out into the
Cashmere hills and some cycling insiders say it suits cyclist who specialise in
climbing.

Professional cyclist Tom Davison, who was third last year, said that was not the
case, and the Christchurch circuit benefited an athlete who was strong over all
kinds of terrain.

Davison, who will cycle for the Avanti Racing Team next year, said it was
disappointing to see the race leave Christchurch.

However, he believed Hollander and the council had done everything they could to
retain it.

"Christchurch has branded itself as a cycling city, and having it here has made
it into such a big race. Last year was awesome . . . Napier has a hard act to
follow".

The Press obtained a copy of the bid document, which emphasises the importance
of spectators and sponsorship opportunities at the event.

--------------------

CAPTION:

Not good enough: BikeNZ, which will officially announce the hosts at the race in
January, confirmed Christchurch had submitted a tender.

Picture: GETTY IMAGES

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2014 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                              929 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 10, 2014 Sunday

Washington: MotoGP returns to action at updated IMS

LENGTH: 601  words

DATELINE: Washington


American Motorcyclist Association has issued the following news release:


This will be the seventh successive year that MotoGP has visited the famous
Indianapolis Motor Speedway venue and since last season some modifications have
taken place. The IMS MotoGP layout has been redesigned to create a 16-turn,
2.591-mile (4.170-kilometre) circuit with exciting new turn configurations and
braking zones, creating more passing opportunities.

Turns 3, 4, 7, 15 and 16 have been reconfigured and the entire infield section
of the circuit has been repaved to create a more uniform and smooth racing
surface. Compared to the previous circuit, the new one is slightly shorter
overall (by 0.03 miles / 0.048 km) but retains its 16-turn layout (ten
left-handed turns, six right) and anti-clockwise racing direction.

As the riders return from a three-week holiday after Round 9 in Germany, they
will hope to quickly find the optimum setup for their racing prototypes through
the updated sections of track and all eyes will be on undefeated World Champion
Marc Marquez as he seeks to maintain his winning form.

A run of nine straight wins in the first half of the season has given Marquez a
significant 77-point lead over Repsol Honda team-mate Dani Pedrosa in the
standings and a considerable psychological advantage over his title rivals.
Marquez has also won every premier class race in which he has competed in the
United States and his 2013 IMS victory was part of a four-race winning streak
which strengthened his historic title challenge during the middle part of the
campaign.

So can anyone beat him at Indy or over the forthcoming rounds? That is the
challenge which the likes of Pedrosa and Movistar Yamaha MotoGP pair Valentino
Rossi and Jorge Lorenzo have in front of them.

Rossi sits third in the standings - seven points behind Pedrosa - and if he
cannot beat Marquez this weekend he will at least hope to make it onto the
podium at Indianapolis, having missed out at Assen and the Sachsenring.
Incidentally, Rossi was the winner of the inaugural MotoGP visit to Indy in
2008.

Lorenzo's five MotoGP podium finishes at the Indianapolis circuit - including
victory in 2009 - is more than any other rider. The 2010 and 2012 MotoGP World
Champion will look to move up from fifth in the standings in the second half of
the season.

Meanwhile, currently sitting fourth and 14th respectively in the championship,
Ducati Team's Andrea Dovizioso and Cal Crutchlow each have their own specific
targets to meet as racing resumes. Dovizioso is confirmed to continue with
Ducati for two more years and aims to build on his good start to 2014, whilst
Crutchlow has been announced as switching to Lucio Cecchinello's LCR Honda
MotoGP for 2015 and looks to recover form and fitness after double arm surgery
post-Sachsenring.

Meanwhile the likes of Aleix Espargaro (NGM Forward Racing), Pol Espargaro
(Monster Yamaha Tech 3), Andrea Iannone (Pramac Racing), Stefan Bradl (LCR Honda
MotoGP) and Alvaro Bautista (GO&FUN Honda Gresini) will jostle for points and to
finish as high up the top ten as possible, with Iannone now having been
confirmed as joining Dovizioso as a factory Ducati rider for next season.

American rider Nicky Hayden (Drive M7 Aspar) unfortunately misses the
Indianapolis round as he recovers from wrist surgery and he will be replaced by
Briton Leon Camier on the Honda RCV1000R.

Meanwhile, this will be the last ever ride on home territory for popular veteran
Colin Edwards, with the NGM Forward Racing man set to retire from MotoGP at the
end of 2014.
For more information please visit: www.americanmotorcyclist.com

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              930 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                 Keighley News

                            August 7, 2014 Thursday

Engine revamp revitalises Wilsden rider Lund's challenge

BYLINE: Sportsdesk

SECTION: SPORT

LENGTH: 240 words


WILSDEN motorbike rider Andrew Lund returned to form with two podium places in
Tristar R&G Triple Challenge Cup Championship at Thruxton.

It came following an engine rebuild on his Triumph Daytona 675R after a fault
was discovered following a bad previous meeting at Snetterton.

A broken piston ring had meant Lund was running well down on power at a circuit
with huge straights, which saw him lose 53 of a 55-point lead.

However, the TSL Buntons Racing rider was back in the mix at Thruxton with a
second and a third, despite tyre issues in the second race on what was his first
visit to the circuit.

Lund, aged 41, is now just six points behind leader Sam Thompson in the overall
standings. Thompson has won six successive races, having won both at Thruxton.

With four rounds, featuring eight races, to complete the season, there are still
200 championship points to play for in the competition, which is a support
series of British Superbikes.

The next round takes place at Cadwell Park during August bank holiday weekend -
a spectacular event which attracts over 50,000 spectators.

Lund's Bunton Plant Hire and Temp Station-backed team are looking for additional
sponsorship to ensure they can complete the season.

They can be contacted at www.85Racing.co.uk.

Brands Hatch in October.

We would love to speak to any interested individuals or companies regarding the
exposure that we could offer and can be contacted via our website
www.85Racing.co.uk

LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              931 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                   Maribyrnong Leader (Melbourne, Australia)

                            October 15, 2013 Tuesday
                              Maribyrnong Edition

Circuits create challenges for riders

LENGTH: 170  words


TWENTY-FIVE races, hundreds of riders, hills aplenty and windswept venues in and
around Little River, Balliang and the Brisbane Ranges set the scene for a
radically different season of road racing.

That, along with an outstanding season in A Grade by Dom Dudkiewicz, typified
the winter road season for Footscray Cycling Club.

With permits to race in Little River harder to get, the club had to cast its net
and create a few circuits out around Balliang. This gave the club five different
and demanding circuits to race on. Footscray's club championships in July saw
the coveted red jersey go to Dom Dudkiewicz.

He just held off Ben Johnson in a thrilling race to the line, to be named the
Club Road Champion for the year. Dudkiewicz's fine form prompted Team
Target-Trek to pick him up in a mid-season recruitment drive, while the
ever-consistent James Love was the winner of the A Grade series.Riders will now
turn their attention to the criterium season, which promises to be the most
competitive and challenging in years.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Maribyrnong Leader


                   Copyright 2013 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              932 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                              Anadolu Agency (AA)

                           September 15, 2013 Sunday

Turkish motorcycle racer claims title in Supersport World Championship

LENGTH: 116 words


Sofuoglu of Turkey won the 11th leg races of the season at Istanbul Park circuit
ISTANBUL Kenan Sofuoglu Turkish motorcycle racer of Mahi Racing Team India won
the title on Sunday at the 11th leg races of the Supersport World Championship
of the International Motorcycling Federation (FIM) in Istanbul Park circuit.
Sofuoglu fought till the final laps with Yakhnich Yamaha's British rider Sam
Lowes for the first place during the race; however, Sofuoglu won the first place
with his attacks at the final laps. The leader of general classification at the
championship Lowes came in second at the race, and Pata Honda's Dutch rider
Michael Van der Mark ended the day in third. englishnews@aa.com.tr

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 400


                          Copyright 2013 Andolu Ajansi
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company


                              933 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                               Peterborough Today

                           September 13, 2013 Friday

Only Pitchford gets home inside the hour

LENGTH: 243  words


Simon Pitchford won Fenland Clarion's 25 mile Cullip Cup event.

He was the only rider to break the hour on the Conington circuit with 59.03.

Lynden Leadbeater was second with 1.00.33 and Sean Beard tied with Tom Parker to
complete the podium with 1.03.36.

Lyndsay Clarke led the ladies home with her time of 1.08.39.

Other times: Phil Merritt 1.06.23; Mike Shattock 1.19.22; Barbara Gunn 1.27.06.

This leaves just the Ketton Hillclimb event to decide who is this year's club
champion.

Andy Roffe is just leading defending champion Pitchford with Paul Lunn just
behind.

Lindsay Clarke is leading the way in the ladies club championship.

Fenland Clarion rider Joe Clarke took on some tough opposition when he  tackled
the national Team Spririt Road Race at Milton Keynes on Sunday.

The  gruelling 95.6 mile race - Clarke's longest distance to date - was
completed at 26.1mph (3hrs 39mins) by Jozef Metalka from Beeline Cycles.

He finished 18 seconds clear of the group sprinting for third place which
involved Clarke and he came 25th from the 80 starters.

Two Fenland Clarion youngsters were involved in the  national final of the GHS
juvenile time trial at the Husbands Bosworth circuit.

Ieuan Williams improved his previous time by almost a minute with 28.57, while
12 year-old Georgia Bullard showed that she will be one to watch next year with
an improvement of almost two minutes with 36.42.

Bullard also rode in the St Ives 10 mile event and clocked 36.02.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: METP


                       Copyright 2013 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              934 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                              Gloucestershire Echo

                           August 28, 2013 Wednesday
                                   Edition 4;
                                National Edition

Greenways network opens

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 116 words


AN impressive new network of horseriding trails across the Forest of Dean was
officially opened on Thursday. The new routes, called the Forest of Dean
Greenways, link up new bridleways, existing public rights of way, Forestry
Commission tracks and quiet country lanes to form a series of inter-connected
circuits for horse riders, leisure cyclists, walkers and, where possible,
carriage drivers.

Four linked greenway circuits have been created, extending from Dymock in the
north of the district to Blakeney and Yorkley in the south.

Jenny Carling, chairman of the Forest of Dean and District Horse Riders' and
Carriage Drivers' Association, said it was about securing better access to the
countryside.

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GLE


                      Copyright 2013 Gloucestershire Echo
                              All Rights Reserved


                              935 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       Wilts and Gloucestershire Standard

                             August 5, 2013 Monday

CYCLING: Bailey comes out on top in Bournemouth Track Championship

SECTION: SPORT (WGS SPORT)

LENGTH: 243 words


GAWAIN BAILEY, of Performance Cycles in Poulton, has been crowned Bournemouth
Track League champion.

The title is reward for Bailey's dedication as he has spent the last 13 weeks
completing a 200-mile round trip every Tuesday to compete in Bournemouth's
outdoor velodrome.

Gawain sealed his overall victory with two wins and a number of podium places in
the various events on the final evening, having performed well throughout the
series.

As well as winning the overall title, Gawain also picked up the Masters category
and he is now looking forward to the National and World Masters Championships on
the track.

Bailey said: "It's a 100-mile drive to get here. I love riding this track, it's
brilliant.

"I have won the Reading Track League in the past but I prefer this track, it is
the right shape for the Nationals and the World Masters.

Away from the track, Performance Cycles riders are still performing well at
road, time trial and triathlon events.

Lee Piercy is now in America for a few months (preparing for the World
Championships) and Steve Yates remains sidelined due to his injury, but Jenny
Manners has continued her good run of triathlon form in recent weeks.

Also, Rob Edgell won at the official opening races of the Oddown Race Circuit
near Bath and U14 riders Will Crofts and Gabrielle Chinn came first and third at
the Cheltenham Racecourse circuit races.

More details about the club and how to get involved can be found at
www.performancecycles.co.uk.

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              936 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                              Gloucestershire Echo

                             June 1, 2013 Saturday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Redding keeps cool for Italian Grand Prix;
Motorsport

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 41

LENGTH: 196 words


SCOTT Redding heads to the Italian Grand Prix at Mugello this weekend as the
Moto2 championship leader, but is determined to remain focused.

After winning the wet race at Le Mans two weeks ago, the 20-year-old now has a
24-point lead ahead of second place man Esteve Rabat going into the legendary
Italian circuit.

With Mugello being a favourite of the Quedgeley rider's he should have more
confidence following his debut win but aims to keep a cool head.

The Marc VDS rider said:"While it was good to finally win in Le Mans, it changes
nothing. Our approach will remain the same, with the championship the priority.

"The win in Le Mans has given me a 24-point advantage in the standings but, as
we've seen in the past, it only takes one bad weekend to see that lead reduced
significantly.

"Like Le Mans last week, Mugello is a circuit I like racing at. We have some new
parts for the bike this weekend, which I think may give us something of an
advantage at such a fast, flowing and technical track." With weather conditions
not perfect this weekend, Redding has already began to be cautious at the Tuscan
track, finishing fourth and seventh in the opening free practice sessions.

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Scott Redding

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GLE


                      Copyright 2013 Gloucestershire Echo
                              All Rights Reserved


                              937 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       Austin American-Statesman (Texas)

                            February 15, 2013 Friday
                                 Final Edition

MotoGP riders make test runs

BYLINE: John Maher American-Statesman Staff

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C01

LENGTH: 544 words


When Formula One came to town in November, there was not a U.S. driver to be
found anywhere on the starting grid. That won't be the case when MotoGP,
motorcycling's answer to F1, arrives in April.

As many as five U.S. riders could compete in Austin's inaugural MotoGP race, and
on Tuesday, a few of those riders made test runs at Circuit of the Americas.
Attack Performance owner Richard Stanboli said it was time well spent at a very
demanding track.

"It will be challenging if they (other teams) show up without testing," Stanboli
said. "They are going to crash a lot of bikes."

California-based Attack Performance is what's known as a CRT team - a claiming
rule team.

To fill out the starting grid, MotoGP allows claiming rule teams to compete even
though they spend a fraction of what factory teams such as Honda, Yamaha and
Ducati spend on development. "It's kind of a class within a class," Stanboli
said.

"You can use a street-based engine," he said, adding that the long-term goal for
Attack Performance will be to compete in a full MotoGP calendar. This year, the
team has a wild-card spot for the three races on U.S. soil, Austin, Laguna Seca
and Indianapolis.

GPTech, which also will have a wild-card entry for U.S. events, had riders
Michael Barnes and Ty Howard, a Texan, testing at the circuit on Tuesday.

GPTech has not yet said who will be running in each U.S. race. Attack
Performance plans to use Wisconsin native Blake Young in all three. Young was
all but born on a motorcycle. His father, Steve, owned a motorcycle dealership
in Madison, and Young has been riding since he was 4.

Although Young finished the past two seasons as the runner-up in the AMA Pro
American Superbike Championship, he was left without a ride in that series for
the upcoming season. That, however, left him available for the MotoGP wild
cards.

"It was a good opportunity to grab a guy who had been at the front of the
field," Stanboli said. "You always keep a list, and he was the best on the
list."

Young, 25, is spending the week hanging out with Kevin Schwantz, the 1993 world
champion.

On Tuesday, Young was at Austin's circuit for most of the day, which was marked
by showers.

"We were there at 8 in the morning, but I don't think we were rolling until 10.
We did 20 or 30 laps in the wet," Young said.

He said the group returned after lunch and ran another session, occasionally
going back to the garage area to make adjustments. The session was shortened by
a fuel pump problem, Young added.

"It was nice to get out on the rain tires ..." Stanboli said. "The Bridgestone
tires are so different from the Pirellis and Dunlops we run. We got a lot of
data."

Schwantz had a hand in the design of the track, which was built for both Formula
One and MotoGP racing.

"It has a nice flow," Young said. In spite of all the attention to 20 corners,
which are inspired by some of the most famous in the racing world, Young said
his favorite part of the track was the long back straightaway, a chance to wind
out the motorcycle.

He'll get another chance to do that March 12-14, when MotoGP's big boys also
arrive for testing. The Repsol Honda team, with Dani Pedrosa and rookie Marc
Marquez, will be joined by Yamaha and its stars Jorge Lorenzo and Valentino
Rossi.

Contact John Maher at 445-3956.

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 The Austin American-Statesman
                              All Rights Reserved


                              938 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                              The Ballarat Courier

                            January 14, 2013 Monday

MAIN HEAD

BYLINE: David Brehaut

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 37

LENGTH: 411 words


RECORD crowds attended the revamped Cycling Australia Road National
Championships in Ballarat.

Ballarat Regional Tourism confirmed attendances at each of the four days were up
on past championships, which were first contested in Ballarat in 2002.

They have spent all but two years since then in the City of Ballarat.

Event organisers estimated more than 15,000 watched yesterday's elite men's road
race at Buninyong taking the total attendance beyond 25,000. Last year's event
topped 20,000.

Managed by Cycling Australia for the first time, the time trial was switched
from the end of the championships to the start, and for the first time ridden on
a course taking in a circuit of Lake Wendouree and out-and-back circuit in the
Avenue of Honour.

The road race also underwent changes, with a flat loop added to the well-known
climb.

CYCLING Australia had to make quick changes to the elite men's road race route
yesterday after a broken domestic water main in Fiskens Road caused a wash away.

The road damage was found less than an hour before the start.

With technically testing descent in Fiskens Road ruled out, the circuit was
diverted to take in the full length of Gear Avenue.

WATER was not the only issue for organisers. The Country Fire Authority was
called in and an exclusion zone set after a gas pipe was accidentally ruptured
in a domestic incident near the old Buninyong Post Office. The incident had no
effect on the race.

THE seven-man breakaway in yesterday's elite men's road race at one point
threatened to decimate the field. Chief commissaire Greg Griffiths acted to
avert a colossal embarrassment for Australian cycling by telling riders in the
main bunch they would be disqualified if the lead exceeded 10 minutes.

One of the biggest events on the Australian cycling calendar was in danger of
having 134 of the 141 riders tossed out of the race with about 150km to go as
the lead opened up to about eight minutes.

"It wouldn't have been a good look, but it would have been a fair and right
result," Griffiths said.

Under rules specific to this circuit race, any rider 10 minutes behind the
leader has to pull out because he is about to be lapped.

Without that rule, the race could have the farcical scenario of the breakaway
catching the peloton.

So Griffiths went on race radio and bluntly told team bosses that their riders
in the peloton had better start upping the tempo.

The time gap soon dropped after Griffiths' warning.

david.brehaut@fairfaxmedia.com.au

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2013 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              939 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           The Mercury (South Africa)

                            October 22, 2012 Monday
                                   E1 Edition

Pedrosa keeps title chase alive

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 231 words


SEPANG: Spain's Dani Pedrosa stormed to victory in the Malaysian Motorcycle
Grand Prix yesterday, keeping his championship title chase alive on a
rain-soaked circuit.

The Honda rider passed pole-sitter and Yamaha ace Jorge Lorenzo, who is the
championship points leader, midway through a race that saw a number of riders
crashing out.

Organisers put out the red flag on lap 13 of the 20-lap race to stop the event.

Pedrosa's Australian teammate Casey Stoner, recovering from an ankle injury, was
third after starting from the second row.

With his first ever win in wet conditions, Pedrosa - who started second on the
grid - can now narrow the points gap with countryman Lorenzo.

Pedrosa, who is battling for his first ever MotoGP crown, is now just 22 points
adrift of Lorenzo, who has 321 points.

Stoner has 230.

There are two more races left for the 2012 season, in Australia and Valencia.

Lorenzo charged away from the pack at the start.

But as more rain began to hit the circuit, Pedrosa brilliantly picked up speed
on his arch-rival.

"It is my first win in the wet, and I am very happy. I could get some rhythm and
maintained a constant lap," he said.

Lorenzo said the red flag came out just as Pedrosa overtook him.

"I was struggling when heavy rain poured on the track. I am lucky to be second.

"It [the 20 points obtained for second place] is good for the championship
title," he said. - Sapa-AFP

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NM


                Copyright 2012 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              940 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            Kent and Sussex Courier

                               September 14, 2012
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Searle's title bid comes to an end;
Goudhurst star misses out despite podium finish

BYLINE: Nathan Scott

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 71

LENGTH: 358 words


TOMMY SEARLE'S challenge for the 2012 FIM MX2 World Championship finally came to
a disappointing end at the Grand Prix of Europe last weekend as KTM's Jeffrey
Herlings secured his maiden title.

Searle has endured a rollercoaster season punctuated by a heap of bad luck in
races, but this was one in which the Goudhurst racer was truly outpaced and had
to concede the better rider won.

It was a so-so GP for me," he said. "I got 2-2 but Herlings was fast all weekend
to clinch the title. We gave our best and I''m not disappointed with my season,
but I couldn''t look at the championship celebrations.

"Now it''s time to regroup and head for Germany in a fortnight looking for a win
to end the GP season.

The penultimate round was held at the northern Italian track of Faenza situated
between Bologna and the east coast hotspot of San Marino on a sweltering
weekend. After positive qualifying, Searle was looking good to fight for the
lead aboard his Floride Monster Pro Circuit Kawasaki. The track had been heavily
watered overnight to prevent too much dust but that made it a very tough surface
with deep ruts in places as well as sticky areas and sun-baked hard pack.

He got a superb jump off the gate to sit just behind holeshot man Herlings. Then
a few corner bunch-ups saw Herlings quickly gap the field and as each lap
passed, Herlings widened it.

Searle just couldn't find the pace he had enjoyed the day before. By the end of
the race Herlings had pulled a thirty second lead to head Searle ahead of Van
Hoorebeek in third.

Race two saw a similar start with Herlings getting the holeshot but Searle got
stuck behind Van Hoorebeek for a few laps before finally making a move to pass.
Herlings once again was consistently quicker than the rest of the field and
cruised home for another double win.

The final round of the 2012 season will be staged at the Teutschenthal circuit
in Germany where there will be an extra challenge for regular riders in the form
of last year's champion Ken Roczen, who will make a return to his home race
after moving to the USA following his title win.

The Motocross of Nations are held at the end of September in Belgium.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: ON YER BIKE: Tommy Searle's title bid is over Kawasaki Images

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KSC


                     Copyright 2012 Kent and Sussex Courier
                              All Rights Reserved


                              941 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                               Belfast Telegraph

                            August 8, 2012 Wednesday
                                   Edition 1;

Martin ready to end drought at Dundrod;
MOTORCYCLING

BYLINE: ROY HARRIS

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 50

LENGTH: 497 words


THE on-track action at the 'world's fastest road races' begins this afternoon
with practice and qualifying for tomorrow's Topaz Dundrod 150 and Saturday's
90th anniversary McKinstry Skip Hire Ulster Grand Prix.

One man looking to retrieve what has been a lean season is Lincolnshire ace Guy
Martin, who is seeking his first international victory of 2012 - his last win
coming at the Ulster 12 months ago.

Martin, who never shies away from the limelight, rides for the Moneymore-based
Tyco Suzuki by TAS Team and back at the North West 200 in May suffered a
highspeed crash in the opening Supersport race ruling him out of the rest of the
day's action.

Then at the Isle of Man TT in June his best result was a fourth place finish in
the opening Superbike race an unrewarding effort considering he had four podium
finishes in 2011.

Ironically for one of the most determined riders on the grid that elusive first
TT and North West victory still eludes him.

However, the 7.4mile Dundrod circuit is a different kettle of fish for Martin,
who has an enviable record of winning no less than 10 times here, with seven
Ulster Grand Prix wins and three Dundrod 150 victories.

Martin (pictured), who loves the circuit, said: "Dundrod is a proper road
circuit with the fast highspeed corners and no chicanes. I'm looking forward to
the challenge and getting back on the top step of the podium.

"It won't be easy, as there are a lot of fast riders out there. We have had a
few issues and the results are not what we wanted, but at Dundrod I hope we can
give the rest a run for their money."

Michael Dunlop will have something to say about that with the Ballymoney rider
in spectacular form following a five-timer at the Southern 100, a double at
Walderstown and a treble at the recent Armoy Road Races.

A treble winner at the Ulster last year, his first wins around Dundrod, Michael
is chasing his first international Superbike success at one of the 'big three'
road races and tomorrow's Dundrod 150 should give a major indication as to who
is in form, with the current lap record of 133.977mph set by Bruce Anstey back
in 2010 under threat given favourable conditions.

Manxman Conor Cummins, Kiwi Anstey, Gary Johnson and William Dunlop cannot be
ruled out of contention in what should be an intriguing start to the Dundrod
action tomorrow.

Newcomers Dean Harrison, Daniel Cooper, Lee Johnston and Sam Wilson, along with
2011 winner Jamie Coward, will chase the honours in the Dundrod 150 National and
Challenge races. Ryan Farquhar will start firm favourite in the Supertwin race
ran concurrently with the UGP 125GP race where William Dunlop faces a strong
challenge from cousins Paul Robinson and Sam Dunlop.

Roads close today between 1.30pm and 9.30pm for the opening practice sessions
while tomorrow roads close from 10.30am for practice with the Dundrod 150
fourrace programme scheduled to commence from 2pm and roads scheduled to re-open
at 8.30pm.

On Saturday roads close at 9.30am, re-opening by 8.30pm.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: at the Ulster Grand Prix Bike Week event at Lagan Valley LeisurePlex
which featured a classic and vintage motorcycle cavalcade

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BTT


                Copyright 2012 Belfast Telegraph Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              942 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                               Belfast Telegraph

                            August 8, 2012 Wednesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Martin ready to end drought at Dundrod;
MOTORCYCLING

BYLINE: ROY HARRIS

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 50

LENGTH: 497 words


THE on-track action at the 'world's fastest road races' begins this afternoon
with practice and qualifying for tomorrow's Topaz Dundrod 150 and Saturday's
90th anniversary McKinstry Skip Hire Ulster Grand Prix.

One man looking to retrieve what has been a lean season is Lincolnshire ace Guy
Martin, who is seeking his first international victory of 2012 - his last win
coming at the Ulster 12 months ago.

Martin, who never shies away from the limelight, rides for the Moneymore-based
Tyco Suzuki by TAS Team and back at the North West 200 in May suffered a
highspeed crash in the opening Supersport race ruling him out of the rest of the
day's action.

Then at the Isle of Man TT in June his best result was a fourth place finish in
the opening Superbike race an unrewarding effort considering he had four podium
finishes in 2011.

Ironically for one of the most determined riders on the grid that elusive first
TT and North West victory still eludes him.

However, the 7.4mile Dundrod circuit is a different kettle of fish for Martin,
who has an enviable record of winning no less than 10 times here, with seven
Ulster Grand Prix wins and three Dundrod 150 victories.

Martin (pictured), who loves the circuit, said: "Dundrod is a proper road
circuit with the fast highspeed corners and no chicanes. I'm looking forward to
the challenge and getting back on the top step of the podium.

"It won't be easy, as there are a lot of fast riders out there. We have had a
few issues and the results are not what we wanted, but at Dundrod I hope we can
give the rest a run for their money."

Michael Dunlop will have something to say about that with the Ballymoney rider
in spectacular form following a five-timer at the Southern 100, a double at
Walderstown and a treble at the recent Armoy Road Races.

A treble winner at the Ulster last year, his first wins around Dundrod, Michael
is chasing his first international Superbike success at one of the 'big three'
road races and tomorrow's Dundrod 150 should give a major indication as to who
is in form, with the current lap record of 133.977mph set by Bruce Anstey back
in 2010 under threat given favourable conditions.

Manxman Conor Cummins, Kiwi Anstey, Gary Johnson and William Dunlop cannot be
ruled out of contention in what should be an intriguing start to the Dundrod
action tomorrow.

Newcomers Dean Harrison, Daniel Cooper, Lee Johnston and Sam Wilson, along with
2011 winner Jamie Coward, will chase the honours in the Dundrod 150 National and
Challenge races. Ryan Farquhar will start firm favourite in the Supertwin race
ran concurrently with the UGP 125GP race where William Dunlop faces a strong
challenge from cousins Paul Robinson and Sam Dunlop.

Roads close today between 1.30pm and 9.30pm for the opening practice sessions
while tomorrow roads close from 10.30am for practice with the Dundrod 150
fourrace programme scheduled to commence from 2pm and roads scheduled to re-open
at 8.30pm.

On Saturday roads close at 9.30am, re-opening by 8.30pm.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Bike Week: Cllr Thomas Beckett (Lisburn City Council's Leisure Services
committee chairman); Mayor, Alderman William Leathem; Adrian Craig (Irish
Championship winner in 1976 and 1977); Ray McCullough, who won the last
international road race at Dundrod in 1971; Robert Graham (Dundrod and District
Motorcycle Club chairman) and Brian Reid, former road racer with his 1928 Moto
Guzzi 500cc Sport at the Ulster Grand Prix Bike Week event at Lagan Valley
LeisurePlex which featured a classic and vintage motorcycle cavalcade

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BTT


                Copyright 2012 Belfast Telegraph Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              943 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         Kerrville Daily Times (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 20, 2012 Friday

Finding Your Salvation

BYLINE: Caitlin Probandt, Kerrville Daily Times, Texas

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 522 words


July 20--Caitlin Probandt

Features Editor

caitlin.probandt@dailytimes.com

Whether donating money to fill the red kettles outside stores during the holiday
season, or exercising at the Salvation Army Ray and Joan Kroc Corps Community
Center, most Kerrville residents are aware of the impact the Salvation Army has
in the community, however, they might not realize the social service agency is a
church, too.

The Salvation Army was founded by Methodist circuit rider William Booth in
London, England, in 1865. Booth started out preaching to small crowds of
gamblers, prostitutes and drunkards on the street, and many were his first
converts to Christianity.

"Booth believed if he could get people to know Jesus Christ, he could then get
them into the church," said Capt. Bobby Jackson of the Kerrville Salvation Army.
"We carry on with what he taught -- to minister to the widow and the poor.
That's what we still do today."

After Booth's movement had spread to much of the world, the first
'Salvationists' adopted a quasi-military command in 1878, from which the church
got its name. The people of the Salvation Army engaged in spiritual warfare and
used many of the military's features to inspire and regulate its endeavors -- a
tradition that has held strong over the years.

"Booth was Methodist, but we are a nondenominational church," Jackson said. "We
have 11 doctrines we abide by, but the movement always was Jesus Christ first,
and then the church."

Jackson said, like any other church, the Salvation Army hosts Bible studies,
youth programs and worship services. In fact, the only thing that might set
members of the Salvation Army congregation apart from others is the uniform they
wear.

"We do not get baptized in the traditional sense. There is no water, just
uniforms," Jackson said. "It is our version of baptism -- it is an outward
statement of the transformation inside of us."

According to Capt. Natalie Jackson, the uniforms also serve another purpose for
the congregation.

"They're a great conversation piece for those who don't know about them," she
said. "They are testimonies of our lives and ministry."

The Kroc Center might be a great place to work out or attend informational
classes, but Bobby and Natalie Jackson know the church and Christianity are at
the heart of the program.

"The chapel is in the center of it all, and that is the focus of what we do,"
Bobby Jackson said. "We have excerpts of sermons on the big screen when people
walk in, and we hope to soon have people who will pray with guests in the
waiting room. We're always trying to get the message out that we're a church."

Sunday mornings start with a 9 a.m. breakfast, followed by Sunday school starts
at 10 a.m. Morning worship takes place at 11 a.m. in the Kroc Center chapel.
Everyone is welcome to visit the church and enjoy worship with the Salvation
Army.

"We would love for you to come and see us -- to worship with us," Natalie
Jackson said.

For more information, call 315-5762.

___ (c)2012 the Kerrville Daily Times (Kerrville, Texas) Visit the Kerrville
Daily Times (Kerrville, Texas) at www.dailytimes.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120720-KF-Finding-Your-Salvation-0720-20120720

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KF


                      Copyright 2012 Kerrville Daily Times


                              944 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                              Wharfedale Observer

                             June 14, 2012 Thursday

Otley race organisers aim to boost Yorkshire's Tour de France bid

SECTION: SPORT NEWS (SPORT NEWS)

LENGTH: 345 words


The organisers of the Otley Cycle Races are looking to put on a stunning show on
Wednesday to boost Yorkshire's bid to host the Tour-de France.

Welcome to Yorkshire are striving to bring the world's greatest cycle race to
the county and are sending a team of officials to study how the Otley event is
organised and presented.

Race organiser Giles Piddock said: "Yorkshire has a rich cycling tradition and
is an ideal place to stage the Tour De France.

"A technical team from the race organising committee has already visited the
county and were quite impressed with what they saw.

"The roads and the scenery make the Yorkshire Dales a great backdrop for the
race and if we can play our part in selling Yorkshire's bid then we are
delighted to do so. I am sure that there would be tremendous support for the
Tour de France if it came to Yorkshire.

"We expect to have around 4,000 people lining the streets on Wednesday and the
atmosphere in the town will be electric.

"I understand that there will also be a petition for race fans to sign in
support of staging the Tour de France."

This year's main event, the MAS Design Elite Race, doubles as the men's National
Circuit Race Championship and has attracted a strong field.

Piddock added: "British cycling is right at the top of the sport at the moment
and our race gives people the chance to see many of the young professionals who
are pushing to take the places of the established stars as they move on. A good
number of them come from Yorkshire like last year's winner Scott Thwaites from
Burley-in-Wharfedale and Keighley's Tom Moses. They are the future of the sport
and they could possibly be racing in the Tour de France if it comes to
Yorkshire."

Once again the Sky TV cameras will be in Otley to record the action for a
highlights programme as the riders do 22 laps of the testing 2.5km circuit.

Piddock added: "Many spectators watching for the first time are surprised by the
speed the riders go.

"We encourage anybody who hasn't seen the race before to come along. Where else
can you watch top professional sportsmen for free?

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2012 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              945 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                   Maribyrnong Leader (Melbourne, Australia)

                             June 12, 2012 Tuesday
                                 1 - WT Edition

CYCLING Johnson takes first stage at Kirksbridge

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 38

LENGTH: 209  words


CYCLING

RIDERS geared up for arguably Footscray Cycling Club's most gruelling event for
the year, the 54th annual three-day tour, over the Queen's Birthday long weekend
with Ben Johnson blowing away his opposition on Saturday.

Stage one saw 50 riders in three divisions set off on the individual time trial
around Kirksbridge.

The stage also doubled as the club's individual time trial championships.

In A Grade, Johnson powered across the 30km circuit in 43min 38secs, finishing
comfortably ahead of Adam Murchie and Daniel Hopper, who have plenty of time to
make up in the final two stages. A 120km was scheduled for Sunday (after
deadline).

In B Grade, newcomer Mark Scouller just held off Craig Evans by nine seconds,
recording a time of 30min 56secs for the 19.6km circuit.

The 24-year-old Wyndham Vale mechanic took a slim lead into Sunday's 100km race
and is starting to improve under coach Kim Howard.

``I started the year with lots of DNFs and a lot of hard training has made this
a good day,'' Scouller said.

``The only thing is I've got a target on my back for the next stage.''

Shannon Williams took out C Grade, while Glen Detering was too fast for his
competitors in the D Grade race.

Stay in touch with local sport online at themaribyrnong leader.com.au

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WTV


                   Copyright 2012 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              946 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                               Belfast Telegraph

                             June 2, 2012 Saturday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Mac is on track to be the top man

BYLINE: ROY HARRIS

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 51

LENGTH: 565 words


TT HONDA Legends rider John McGuinness will lead off today's six-lap 226 miles
Dainese Superbike TT (11am) as hot favourite to secure his 18th win.

McGuinness will wear the No.1 plate around the torturous and demanding 37-mile
mountain circuit.

From the very first practice session on Monday evening, the 40-year-old - the
current lap record holder (131.578mph) - has topped the Superbike time sheets,
increasing his pace each night and finally becoming the first and only rider to
break the 130mph barrier on Wednesday evening.

But even after clocking 130.079mph McGuinness wasn't happy.

"It could have been a good bit better," he said.

"I got held up a couple of times by William Dunlop on his Supersport machine and
Ian Mackman, but I have made a step forward each night, except for Thursday when
conditions were not perfect with a lot of damp patches. "The race will be a
long, hard six-laps and we are ready for it. The bike's ready, the team's in
place, it's all down to me now.

"It's never easy and there are a number of riders who harbour ambitions to be on
the top step of the podium at the end, so we'll just take it as it comes."

However hot on McGuinness's heels during practice has been 'Flying Kiwi' Bruce
Anstey (129.566mph) on his Padgetts Honda and the Wilson Craig Honda of
Australian Cameron Donald (129.075mph) who won this particular race back in 2008
when riding for TAS Suzuki.

Both have been consistently fast all week and are capable of the 131mph speed
that will be required to win.

Guy Martin leads the Tyco Suzuki by TAS challenge with the 30-year-old from
Lincolnshire having scored 13 podiums but yet to realise his ambition of winning
a TT. He had four podiums last year and led the Senior TT at one stage, but has
not been able to see the job through to stand top of a podium.

Also gaining speed as the week progressed, Martin - battling back following his
high-speed North West 200 crash - said: "There are no medals for winning
practice - it is the race that counts.

"A TT win is the one and only reason I race motorbikes and we'll be giving it
our best shot when the flag drops," added Martin.

Michael Dunlop is the fastest Ulsterman around the TT circuit at 130.213mph -
set in 2010 - and the young Ballymoney man, with two TT wins under his belt to
date, is keen to add to that total, especially in the Superbike class.

Although he has appeared to struggle on the Hunts Motorcycles/McAdoo Honda all
week with speeds hovering in and around the top six, you can never discount
Dunlop.

He said: "It just seems to have been one problem after another this week.

"We've been trying bits and bobs trying to create the wheel, but we still have
handling issues," he said.

"But come the race we'll be giving it our best shot."

Once the flag drops and the race unfolds, the exciting and talented Dunlop,
normally incredibly fast right from the word go, could well be the man to take
the challenge to McGuinness. Brother William hasn't set the Superbike practice
times on fire. His best opportunity of taking a maiden TT victory may come in
the Superstock and Supersport races on Monday.

Given favourable weather, the outright lap record set by McGuinness in 2009 is
under threat as the gladiators of road racing seek the ultimate prize - a
Superbike victory around one of the world's most famous circuits.

INSIDE Down and Fermanagh get ready for their big showdown Sport, Pages 52-55

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: On song: John McGuinness is aiming for his 18th win at the Isle of Man
TT

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BTT


                Copyright 2012 Belfast Telegraph Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              947 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                             Western Gazette series

                                December 1, 2011

Dutch superbikes excursion gets racer's seal of approval

SECTION: Pg. 95

LENGTH: 450  words


Superbikes star Martin Jessopp believes taking the British championship to
Holland is the "best thing" to happen to the series.

The Yeovil Marsh racer, who finished second in the Macau GP earlier this month,
welcomed the changes to the MCE Insurance-sponsored schedule.

As well as the annual visits to historic circuits such as Brands Hatch and
Silverstone, the competition heads for Assen's TT track in September next year.

Ducati rider Jessopp admitted some fans had voiced concerns about BSB's first
excursion abroad but said it represented the competition's increasing
popularity.

"I know a lot of people have asked 'why are we going over there?' but I think it
is the best thing to have happened to the championship in a long time," he said.

"Getting rid of places like Mallory Park and going to Holland is great business
and you cannot argue with that.

"BSB is expanding and year by year it is getting bigger and better riders from
all over the world. This is just a natural progression and shows they are
growing with the championship."

Jessopp's performance at the famous, yet perilous, Guia street circuit saw the
RidersMotorcycles.com team complete a memorable one-two, with colleague Michael
Rutter taking top honours for a record seventh time.

Jessopp said: "We went there on a bike I had ridden all year and had done well
with in the BSB Championship.

"If you are toward the front end with that and also know your way around Macau
you are naturally going to be toward the front there as well.

"It was my third time in Macau but this was the first time we had the chance to
give it a good shout. It is a difficult track to learn as there are no reference
points, as such, it is all Armco barriers and walls that are the same colour and
it is hard to work out where you are going.

"We turned up from day one with everyone knowing it was Michael's race to lose.
He has been there 18 years and again he was riding well in the BSB.

"He turned up with the same bike and he knows the track so much better. It was
always going to be a fight for second place as long as Michael did not have any
bad luck."

The 26-year-old admitted that an early collision with a wall led to a more
measured approach that eventually paid dividends.

"I went a bit mad on the first lap with a full tank of fuel, made a few errors
and hit the wall hard on lap one," he said. "After that I calmed down a little
bit, Michael got past and I tried to catch him.

"Pretty much everyone who has been to Macau has at some point hit that wall. I
do not think so many people have hit it like I have. I bounced back off of the
wall and got my head down after that. By the next corner I had forgotten about
it and got quicker as the race went on."

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 30


                    Copyright 2011 Northcliffe Media Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              948 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                   Hunts Post

                          September 14, 2011 Wednesday

BYLINE: David Woods

SECTION: SPRT

LENGTH: 223 words


TWO of St Ives Cycling Club's top time trial riders contested the biggest event
of the year on Sunday when they raced in the British Time Trial Championships.



With the event attracting the country's top riders, including Olympic champions
and continental based professionals, the St Ives team of Luke Hattersley and
Mike Hodson knew the competition was going to be tough.

Conveniently based around a Sawtry-Great Gidding circuit, the national
championship at least gave the  St Ives duo the slight advantage of local
knowledge, but this didn't help Hodson, who finished disappointed with his
performance.

First on the course in the morning, Hodson raced in the Masters C category which
covered one lap of the rolling 20.9 mile circuit. Despite finishing in 47
minutes and 33 seconds - and in 9th place in his category, Hodson - who said his
legs "never felt quite right" - believed he should have  done better. Clouds
then gathered and it began to rain as Hattersley got into his stride.

Riding in the junior category he had the worst of the weather but the youngster
didn't let the rain dampen his performance.

Despite falling foul of the scrutineers at signing-on - and having to make
last-minute adjustments to his position - he attacked the course in his usual
fluent style and stopped the clock on 48 minutes 37 seconds to clinch 10th.

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HPT


                    Copyright 2011 Archant Regional Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              949 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                              North Devon Gazette

                          September 14, 2011 Wednesday

SECTION: SPRT

LENGTH: 111 words


THREE young riders from Taw Velo cycling club based in  Barnstaple, gained
medals at the British Cycling South West road circuit regional championships at
RAF Portreath in Cornwall.



Lewis Ross from Northam won a gold medal in the U8s and Jack Hogg from Bishops
Tawton took gold in the U16s to both become South West Regional champions.

Alex Ford from Landkey came second in his race and was awarded a silver medal in
the U12s category and .

Circuit racing finishes at the end of September and next season commences in
early March.

Taw Velo youth riders continue to train throughout the year, meeting every
Saturday morning at 10.00am in Barnstaple.  tawvelo@ymail.com

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NGA


                    Copyright 2011 Archant Regional Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              950 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                              North Devon Gazette

                          September 14, 2011 Wednesday

SECTION: SPRT

LENGTH: 111 words


THREE young riders from Taw Velo cycling club based in  Barnstaple, gained
medals at the British Cycling South West road circuit regional championships at
RAF Portreath in Cornwall.



Lewis Ross from Northam won a gold medal in the U8s and Jack Hogg from Bishops
Tawton took gold in the U16s to both become South West Regional champions.

Alex Ford from Landkey came second in his race and was awarded a silver medal in
the U12s category and .

Circuit racing finishes at the end of September and next season commences in
early March.

Taw Velo youth riders continue to train throughout the year, meeting every
Saturday morning at 10.00am in Barnstaple.  tawvelo@ymail.com

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NGA


                    Copyright 2011 Archant Regional Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              951 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            Derby Evening Telegraph

                              April 8, 2011 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Motorpoint team gets ready for Superbikes race

SECTION: MOTORS;FEATURES; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 181 words


THE Motorpoint Yamaha team are gearing up for the start of the British
Superbikes season by putting their 210 bhp machines through gruelling speed and
performance tests.

Riders Loris Baz and James Westmoreland took to the circuit at Knockhill, in
Scotland, for two days of intense testing ahead of the season opener at Brands
Hatch on April 25.

And, the riders didn't let the wet conditions put them off recording impressive
lap times - particularly James, who currently holds the Supersport lap records
at the circuit.

James said: "We now have another really good test under our belts. I was worried
about both Cadwell and Knockhill on the Superbike but I needn't have been.

"The bike is working great and we are tweaking as we go with new parts and more
information from my style. Every time I ride I learn more and I am gaining more
confidence with every lap."

Says Rob Mac, Team Manager: "The guys are doing a great job. We're getting
closer to the start of the season and so far we are doing every thing right.
Let's hope we can keep the confidence at a high all the way to Brands Hatch!"

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DET


                     Copyright 2011 Derby Evening Telegraph
                              All Rights Reserved


                              952 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                             March 11, 2011 Friday
                                   E1 Edition

Pocket rocket Lill has proven his versatility

BYLINE:  DEREK WILSNAGH

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 467 words


Darren Lill pledged to wear his SA road champion jersey proudly and the DCM pro
has done just that - as amply illustrated with his head-turning victory in the
City Cycling Club Criterium at Century City on Sunday.

Destined for the overseas pro circuit, Lill would be expected to feature in the
news, but he has done more, tackling every race he can and on Sunday showing he
is a lot more versatile than most give him credit for. Criteriums are peculiar
animals in that they favour strong, |powerful riders with an |abundance of
speed.

Little Lill would not look out of place aboard a racehorse wearing silks, but
any of his rivals doubting his cycle prowess would have learned a valuable
lesson on Sunday, as the pocket rocket launched out of the bunch to initiate an
ambitious breakaway 20 minutes into the hour-long plus-a-lap circuit race.

Victor Grobelaar, of Intellibus, best known for his track prowess, managed to
hook on to his wheel and the pair proceeded to work well together as the bunch
struggled to maintain an organised chase on the 1.5km lap course. With 10
minutes to go, it was clear the pair were not going to be reeled in.

The super-fit Lill had no problem keeping Grobelaar on a leash, taking the
victory and enhancing his status as a worthy champion. Since winning the SA Road
Championship race, Lill was the only local to take a stage win at the Cell C
Tour of South Africa, at Helshoogte, such was the domination of the 14
international teams while this week.

Then, in Tuesday's opening stage of the Le Coq Sportif Tour de Boland, he set
himself up as a strong general classification (overall) contender by being part
of a critical nine-man break that put three minutes into the bunch on the first
day.

With his amicable, |approachable, off-the-bike manner, he is a perfect
ambassador for the sport.

The criterium proved a happy hunting ground for Intellibus as veteran Gavin
Smith cleverly slipped the bunch in the closing stages to take third.

After an outstanding 2010, locally based Intellibus decided to expand their
squad after winning 32 national track medals and a world medal at the UCI World
Masters Track Championships. Their aim has always been to nurture rising young
stars and aiding the team to perform at international level - and this year,
their efforts have branched out on to the road circuit.

On the track Craig Symonds, Grobelaar, Emile Jacobs and Smith complete |a
well-rounded team that boasts 13 current national track champions. For the first
time, a young road team will be fielded with a few riders sharing track duties.
Raymond Cox and Mathew |Merrington will join Evan Carstens, RÃ©niell Matthysen,
Grobelaar, Symonds, Hannes Basson, Jacobs and Smith as the riders look to
compete in local leagues as well as the more prestigious road races around the
country.

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CA


                 Copyright 2011 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              953 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                          Fingal Independent (Ireland)

                               November 10, 2010

TT Races' Centenary plans hit top gear

SECTION: SPORT

LENGTH: 739 words


The legendary 37 and three-quarter-mile circuit, which the riders still race
around today, is widely recognised as the world's most challenging race circuit.
It includes the nine-mile Snaefell Mountain section from Ramsey to the Creg Ny
Baa Hotel, which was first used in 1911, four years after the first TT Race on
the Isle of Man in 1907.

The anniversary celebrations, in June 2011, will include recreations of the
landmark events and achievements in a spectacular parade to celebrate and honour
many of the most notable moments and many of the all-time great riders who have
ridden the course over the last 100 years.

The parade, which will take place on Senior Race Day on Friday June 10th, will
feature some of the greatest-ever TT riders and some of the most iconic and
exotic machines from every decade of the TT's history in a definitive tribute.

Riders lined up to participate include Philip McCallen, recognising his four
wins in a week, multi-world champion Phil Read, who won eight TT Races, and
Italian legend Giacomo Agostini, who will ride his MV Augusta.

Current riders will include 15-time champion John McGuinness, the first person
to clock 130mph, Ian Hutchinson   who made history in this year's TT by becoming
the first man to win five races in a week   and 14-time TT Sidecar champion Dave
Molyneux.

Many other notable riders and moments from the past 100 years will also be
recognised, with appropriate replacements representing riders unable to take
part. These will be linked by nationality, manufacturer, relationship or
achievement and will celebrate legendary names such as David Jefferies, Geoff
Duke OBE, Joey Dunlop MBE, OBE, Stanley Woods, Freddie Frith OBE and Mike
Hailwood MBE.

Keith Amor will represent fellow Scotsman Bob McIntyre on a Gilera, recognising
his achievement as the first man to record a 100mph average lap speed in 1957,
while Hawick's Steve Hislop, 11-time TT winner, will be represented by Stuart
Easton who will be riding a Norton commemorating the 1992 Senior Race, widely
acknowledged as the greatest TT Race of all time.

Every notable machine will be represented, from Indian, the first Senior TT Race
winner on the Mountain Course, first Sidecar race winner Douglas and marques
from yesteryear such as AJS through to modern names such as Ducati, BMW and the
top Japanese makers.

The Department of Economic Development is also working closely with Yamaha UK
and the Yamaha Classic Racing Team on celebrations to commemorate Yamaha's 50th
anniversary of competing on the Isle of Man, with high profile Yamaha riders
taking part in the company's own dedicated parade.

The programme is part of two days of nostalgia on June 9th and 10th under the
banner 'Milestones of the Mountain', celebrating great riders, historic machines
and magic moments in the TT's history. There will be spectacular events and
celebrations on the promenade as part of the scheduled entertainment and a
black-tie dinner with motorcycling legends and VIPs. A commemorative logo
reflecting the Mountain Course Centenary has been created and will feature on
merchandising and print materials. The Isle of Man Post Office has also
developed a limited edition set of stamps featuring the 10 greatest races of all
time, decided by a panel of experts.

Nostalgia fans will also be treated to a Centenary exhibition organised by Manx
National Heritage at the House of Manannan in Peel. The exhibition, which opens
on May 28th, will look at some of the highlights and the hidden histories of the
world's oldest still-functioning motorcycle racing circuit. Featuring classic
machinery, leathers and other memorabilia, highlights will include the exploits
of TT legends such as John McGuinness, Dave Molyneux, Geoff Duke and Jock
Taylor.

In addition to covering some great racing moments the exhibition will also look
at the buildings around the race venue which have become world-famous, as well
as other events which have taken place over the Mountain Course.

Geoff Corkish MBE of Isle of Man Tourism commented: 'We are working hard to
present a superb and exciting stream of events throughout the TT period to fully
capture a fantastic milestone in this iconic and worldwide spectacle of motor
cycle sport.

'It remains the world's greatest motorcycle sporting event and we will not
disappoint the thousands of fans from around the world who we will be welcoming
to our Island to join our celebrations.'

Keep 'er lit.

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2010 Independent News and Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              954 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       The Dickinson Press (North Dakota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 17, 2010 Friday

Time for a last-chance cash grab in Bowman

BYLINE: Dustin Monke, The Dickinson Press, N.D.

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 637 words


Sept. 17--There's not much time left in the PRCA rodeo season.

That's why many upper Midwest cowboys and cowgirls are making their way to the
third annual Bowman County Rodeo this weekend, hoping to stash a little more
cash en route to the National Finals Rodeo in Las Vegas this December.

Among them are saddle bronc riders Shaun Stroh of Dickinson and defending world
champion Jesse Kruse of Great Falls, Mont.

Stroh is fourth in the world standings and has assured himself a place at the
NFR. Bowman is his second-to-last rodeo this season.

He turned out in Pendleton, Ore., this weekend by choice.

"I've been gone for the past month, so I figured the heck with it, I'd just come
home," Stroh said.

Both Stroh and Kruse are entered in the 7 p.m. Friday performance at the
All-Seasons Arena. The Saturday performance is also scheduled for 7 p.m.

Stroh and Kruse plan to wrap up their seasons next weekend at the Million Dollar
Tour Championship in Omaha, Neb.

Kruse, who has battled a shoulder injury since the beginning of the year and
blew out his knee in June, is ranked 10th in the world standings after winning
his first world title last December.

"It ain't too bad I guess, for all the trouble I've had this year," Kruse said.

Scott Miller of Boise, Idaho, is one bronc rider on the NFR bubble who'll be at
Bowman. With two weekends remaining, Miller is right on the NFR cutoff, sitting
15th in the world standings by a margin of $500.

"Being this late in the year, everybody is going for their last little bit of
it," Stroh said.

Bareback rider Joe Gunderson of Agar, S.D., is ranked 13th and looks to shore up
his NFR spot this weekend at Bowman.

Team ropers Britt Williams of Hammond, Mont., and Bobby Harris of Highmore,
S.D., are ranked seventh in the world. They're entered into Saturday morning's
slack.

Bull rider Bobby Welsh of Gillette, Wyo., is 13th in the world standings and
could use another couple of bucks to seal his trip to Las Vegas. He's up
Saturday night, alongside Jesse Bail of Camp Crook, S.D.

Top barrel racers Lisa Lockhart and Sherrylynn Johnson will be in Bowman on
Friday. Lockhart, a native of Circle, Mont., is looking at a fourth consecutive
trip to the NFR while Johnson is on the bubble.

"Definitely the ones on the bubble are trying to hit everything you can find,"
Kruse said. "I imagine the guys who aren't even in it, they're just doing it to
see if they can make a little money."

Dickinson's Dusty Hausauer is part of that second group Kruse mentioned. He's
entered in Bowman on Friday though he is out of the NFR chase.

The rodeo also serves as the first Badlands Circuit event of the 2011 season.
The 2010 circuit season ended last weekend.

Several Badlands Circuit cowboys are entered in Saturday's performance.

Current Badlands Circuit leaders coming to Bowman are South Heart's Seth Murphy
in the steer wrestling, Sam Nordick in the bareback riding, Grady Lockhart in
the tie-down roping, and Brent McInerney and Guy Howell in the team roping.
Grassy Butte bull rider Abe Dillman is ranked second heading into next month's
Badlands Circuit Finals in Minot.

The Lil' Rowdy Rodeo Bulls will be featured both nights, between team roping and
barrel racing.

Stroh is going to make sure he's there for that. His 13-year-old son, Boyd
Stroh, is competing.

"That'll probably be the highlight of my night, being there to watch him get
on," Stroh said.

To see more of The Dickinson Press, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.thedickinsonpress.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Dickinson Press, N.D.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail services@mctinfoservices.com, or
call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States, call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100917-QX-Time-for-a-last-chance-cash-grab-in-Bowman-0917-20100917

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QX


                       Copyright 2010 The Dickinson Press


                              955 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                         The Sunday Telegraph (London)

                                 August 1, 2010
                                   Edition 2;
                                National Edition

Crutchlow dominates at Silverstone;
SUPERBIKES

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 259 words


CAL CRUTCHLOW stormed to pole position as British riders took the top two spots
for today's World Superbike round at Silverstone.

Crutchlow continued his fine qualifying record by steering his Sterilgarda
Yamaha to a best time of 2min 4.091sec around the revamped circuit - over half a
second faster than second-placed Jonathan Rea.

Michel Fabrizio was third on his Ducati with Czech rider Jakub Smrz fourth. Leon
Haslam was the next Brit in fifth place with series leader Max Biaggi only sixth
aboard his Alitalia Aprilia.

Double world champion James Toseland continued to disappoint as he was only
12th.

Crutchlow, on top spot five times this season, is desperate to convert it into a
maiden win in front of his home fans today.

He said: "It is nice to have pole again, especially here at our home race. I had
it last year at Donington as well. Coming back to the new Silverstone circuit is
really good, it is a little bit bumpy but not too bad.

"The lap time in superpole was pretty good, I was absolutely desperate to do a
2.03, that was the target and the whole team were pumping me up to try it as it
is the MotoGP pole time.

"Unfortunately I made a bit of a mistake coming out of the fast left-handers, so
it was not to be."

Toseland won both British races at Brands Hatch last time he won the title in
2007 but was left a disgruntled figure again after a crash robbed him of his
best time.

He said: "The lap where I crashed it felt like something touched and picked up
the front of the bike and away it went.

"It has really been one of those years this year."

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STL


                  Copyright 2010 Telegraph Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              956 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                  Sunday Life

                                 July 11, 2010
                                  Main Edition

czech mates;
Rea and Laverty compete in Brno

BYLINE: Roy Harris

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 82

LENGTH: 655 words


A week-long packed programme kicks off today with Jonathan Rea and Eugene
Laverty in action at the World Superbike round in the Czech Republic, Ryan
Farquhar and Michael Pearson chasing victory in the Cock O'the North road races
in Scarborough while the majority of the Irish road racers are at Walderstown
for the Race of the South meeting.

Many of the road racers then head to the Isle of Man for the popular Southern
100 meeting starting tomorrow while the latest round of the Irish Superbike
Championship at Kirkistown and the penultimate round of the Ulster Motocross
championship scheduled for Seaforde, Co Down take place on Tuesday.

Today at Brno in the Czech Republic, Ballyclare rider Rea, who qualified third
on the grid, will be looking to put the disaster of the last round of the World
Superbike Championship at Misano in Italy, where he failed to get inside the top
10 at a circuit where he had won his first ever WSB race a year ago, behind him
saying: "I'm really looking forward to turning over a new page.

"Since Misano we have had a test at Imola and the Hannspree Ten Kate Honda Team
will take the information and translate that into a strong package that will
allow us to challenge for podiums again."

Rea currently lies fourth in the Championship chase, 14 points behind Carlos
Checa in third. Current leader is Italian Max Biaggi with Leon Haslam in second
position.

Laverty on the other hand is riding the crest of a wave and today will be
looking to score his sixth win from eight races in the World Supersport
championship, which he currently leads by three points from his season-long
rivals, Turkish rider Kenan Sofuoglu and Spaniard Joan Lascorz, who is a further
10 points behind in third.

Meanwhile, the Dunlop brothers, William and Michael, are the star attractions at
Walderstown, situated between Mullingar and Athlone, for the latest round of the
Irish Road Race championship.

Both were winners in the 125/Moto 450 and 250cc races at Skerries last weekend,
but it will be the Supersport, open and feature Race of the South events that
they will target today.

Adrian Archibald, John Burrows, Davy Morgan -- a winner at the Bush road races
recently -- and local aces John Walsh and Damien Mulleady will also compete
around the two-mile Walderstown circuit.

Missing from the action at Walderstown will be Ryan Farquhar, a treble winner at
the 2008 event and Michael Pearson, both of whom have opted for the Cock O'the
North meeting around the undulating Olivers Mount circuit at Scarborough.

Road racing then switches its attention to the Isle of Man for the Southern 100
-- the 'friendly races' -- where practice gets under way tomorrow evening at
6.20pm around the 4.25mile Billowen Circuit at Castletown.

Farquhar was a four-time winner here last year, only losing out to Guy Martin in
the solo championship race and although Martin is a non-starter this week
following his huge accident during the TT, the Dunlops, Ian Lougher and late
entry Cameron Donald will ensure Farquhar does not have things all his own way,
while Pearson is an interesting newcomer to this popular meeting.

Closer to home, on Tuesday the MCRRCI and Killinchy Clubs promote the latest
Irish Superbike round at Kirkistown where the action should be fast and furious
in the Superbike class where any one of 10 riders is capable of winning.

Marshall Neill currently has a healthy lead in the ISB championship on 131
points.

Practice starts at Kirkistown at 9am with racing scheduled to commence at
12.30pm.

Off-road and Tuesday sees the Knock Club host the penultimate round of the 2010
Ulster Motocross championships at Seaforde, Co. Down, incorporating the 61st
running of the Tommy Stewart Memorial into the event.

Gordon Crockard has won the Tommy Stewart three-times and makes a welcome return
to home action. Racing at Seaforde commences at 11am.

CAPTION: REA OF HOPE: Ballyclare rider Jonathan ReaWESTMEATH ENGAGEMENT: Michael
Dunlop

LOAD-DATE: July 11, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SL


                  Copyright 2010 Belfast Telegraph Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              957 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               Leicester Mercury

                             June 24, 2010 Thursday

Motorsport: David Johnson relishing battle at 'home' circuit Mallory

SECTION: Pg. 50

LENGTH: 367  words


One rider  expected to go well at Mallory Park this weekend is David Johnson.

The Australian has been based in Leicestershire since 2002 and lives close to
another riding star, Glen Richards, in Hinckley.

During that time, Johnson has got to know Mallory and has had a good track
record there.

"I look on it as my home circuit," said the 28-year-old. "I like the feel of it
and the way it works.

"I've done so many laps there I could probably go round with my eyes closed! I
can't wait to get going there again."

After graduating through superstocks, and coming second in the 2006 Dutch
Superbike Championship, this is Johnson's third full season in the MCE British
Superbike Championship.

He lies fourth in the Evo class but has been in good form having broken records
at the recent Isle of Man TT races, including fastest lap for a superstocks
newcomer at 123.8mph.

As well as being his home circuit, Mallory is also a special place for the Two
Brothers Kawasaki rider.

He made his British Superbikes debut there in 2007. A year later, with the
Maxxis team, he managed two 12th places and had his best results of last season,
ninth and 11th.

This time, the aim is clear. "I want to win both races, which is very possible,"
he said.

Aaron Zanotti will be pulling out all the stops to prevent Johnson getting his
way.

The Red Viper Suzuki rider from Loughborough lies fifth in the Evo standings,
just six points behind his rival.

"My form at Mallory over the past few years has been up and down," said Zanotti,
now in his fourth superbikes season after finishing second in the 2006 National
Superstocks title race.

"I'm really fond of Mallory and, along with Donington Park, they are second
homes to me. Mallory was the track I started out on as a youngster and it is a
circuit that has a bit of everything.

"This weekend the aim is to win. We've got a few new bits for the bike and, if
we can't finish top, then the minimum has to be second."

Zanotti, 29, is happy with his progress this season. "It's been good so far," he
said. "Evo is a very good and very fair class and I've been getting steady
results. I was running second at Cadwell last time out but then faded with tyre
problems so I know I can be competitive."

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 44


                        Copyright 2010 Leicester Mercury
                              All Rights Reserved


                              958 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               Mid Devon Gazette

                                 June 24, 2010

June still cannot bear to leave her bicycle behind

SECTION: Pg. 10

LENGTH: 801  words


June smith was just 16 when she   left the extraordinary note for her
grandparents.

"I miss my bike, I've gone home to get it," the message read.

It was the third day of a holiday in Norfolk with her grandma and grandfather,
but the pain of being separated from her beloved new bicycle in London was too
much to bear.

"I spent all my savings - £33 out of the Post Office - on this super new bike,
which I had to leave at home, and I missed it," said June.

"So I got the train from Yarmouth to London, and the bus back to where I lived
in Kilburn, and I rode the 110 miles back the next day, on a bottle of Ribena
and two KitKats."

That was 57 years ago, but June's love for cycling remains undiminished.

Now 73, she cannot wait for August 13 when, as a national competition prize
winner, she will ride on an indoor velodrome track for the first time, at the
National Cycling Centre in Manchester.

"I have only ever attended as part of the audience or as a helper," she said.

"It's got 45-degree banking and I would like to ride to see if I can go up that
banking like Sir Chris Hoy."

Hoy won three gold medals at the 2008 Beijing Olympics but, if it was not for
people like June Smith, British cycling would not be the best in the world.

During a near lifetime of involvement in the sport, June has been in the back-up
team of many a top British international, including former world champions David
Millar, Roger Hammond and Rob Hayles.

Now, underlining her dedication, she is a founder member of new North Devon
cycling club, Taw Velo.

It is Tuesday evening and she is on hand at the North Devon Karting Centre for
the final round of the Barnstaple Circuit Series.

"I'm always interested in the younger riders, bringing them through and seeing
them improve," she said.

The karts are at rest in the pits and the 650m undulating track is clear for
cyclists up to the age of 16 to line up in a form of competition which is a
hybrid of road and track racing.

"It's a short circuit but this kart track is quite technical for cornering and
control, so it teaches the youngsters something while they are riding the
circuit," said June.

They can learn, too, from a personal treasure she has brought along to show
them, a framed yellow jersey from the 2000 Tour de France.

It was the one worn by Millar when he won the prologue and he has written on it:
'For Aunty June - as promised when I was a junior'.

Although Millar was subsequently suspended for taking drugs, the 2003 world time
trial champion rebuilt his career and is again one of Britain's top riders, as
are Hammond, the 1992 world junior cyclo-cross champion, and Hayles, the 2005
world team pursuit and Madison champion.

June worked as a masseur for the Southern Centre of Excellence in the 1990s when
Hammond, Millar and Hayles were rising stars and later for Team Energy.

Now, if Taw Velo achieve their ultimate ambition, she is beginning the process
again.

The club was formed last November and another founding member, chairman David
Luggar, said: "The long-term strategy is to work towards hopefully getting
someone from the club in the Olympics."

An achievable goal, according to one who should know.

"With David and our club secretary, Jo Shackleton, their links with British
Cycling and the knowledge they have to pass on as coaches, there is an excellent
chance of it happening," said June.

Already the best young riders are faster than some of the karts.

When Jack Hogg won the under-14 time trial on Tuesday his lap time was
50.64secs. The record for a Formula K kart on the North Devon circuit is 51.755.

Admittedly the Formula K karts are the slowest of the three resident groups of
machines, but how much longer before the Bullit Pro karts record   (41.550) and
the Rimo 200cc Pro karts mark (35.944) are within range?

Hogg won three under-14 races, taking the scratch over 10 laps and the
Scratchipad. He might have had a sweep of victories had he not crashed in the
Devil Take The Hindmost.

Instead James Binmore took the victory while his brother, Matthew, dominated the
under-12s, taking the scratch race, the Devil Take The Hindmost and the time
trial. Dominic Cork won the Scratchipad.

In the under-16s, Alex Challis and Ollie Sharp recorded two wins apiece, the
former winning the Devil Take The Hindmost and the time trial, and the latter
the scratch race and the Scratchipad. Each received prizes from sponsor the Bike
Shed.

Taw Velo provide a rare opportunity for young riders in a safe environment, away
from the roads.

The karting centre is their solution to the problem that none of England's 17
indoor and outdoor velodromes are situated in the South West. And they also make
trips to the National Velodrome for Wales in Newport.

The club certainly are not letting the small matter of distance get in their
way. Like June Smith on her holiday 57 years ago.

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 198


                        Copyright 2010 Mid Devon Gazette
                              All Rights Reserved


                              959 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                      Western Morning News (Plymouth, UK)

                          December 23, 2009 Wednesday

Tuff team spread their wings with new yard

SECTION: Pg. 7

LENGTH: 443 words


D evon showjumper Justin Tuff has spread his wings from Redpost Equestrian,
Totnes, and flown 300 yards down the road to open a new competition yard.

Justin and his wife Beth have built a new training base which will be a great
opportunity for local riders.

"Going just up the road made moving away from home easy," laughs Justin who at
the grand old age of 37 has left dad and stepmum John and Louise Tuff for the
first time.

"Being this close means I can still pop home for the odd bag of horse food, but
it makes sense for all of us as we are keen to expand our businesses."

Justin and Beth seized the opportunity to buy the 30 acres of land when it came
up and put their busy competition schedule on hold to develop the site this
year, which consists of an 80x33m outdoor sand school; a 65m indoor barn with
Monarch stabling to take 22 horses and a horse walker.

The Tuff team, with their son Ollie, now live just yards away from the main barn
in a mobile home or, as Justin says, "the room with a view", which looks out
over to Dartmoor.

He admits it's been "quite stressful" combining the role of project manager
while still teaching.

"But we got the planning and chose local people such as Haldon Plant Ltd for the
ground works and and Austin Knappman for the building," he adds.

With the main facilities now in place for teaching riders of all levels and
training youngsters, Justin and Beth are keen to "get going again" on the
competition circuit in 2010.

"We have an exciting string between us as well as Ollie's lovely pony who is on
loan from the Stockdales - Ollie says he want to be a showjumper and is keen to
have his own lorry next season," smiles Justin, who admits having a six-year-old
son who is as keen on the sport as he was at that age is a real motivator.

With stable stars such as Karen O'Brien's Retro, White Star, Son of India and
Landine, all owned by James Pinkney and Caroline Jacobson's Chicago, Justin is
keen to do more shows abroad with the aim in 2010 of getting back on to a
British team again.

Beth will be out competing on the county circuit with her two key players - Jo
Summerby and Rob Palmer of Exeter Diesels' Vianty and Keith Ongley's China Girl.

"Whereas I used to take a back seat and had the odd nice horse which Justin
would then nick," jokes Beth.

"For 2010 I am fully focused for a season on the county circuit."

Justin adds: "Having the facilities at home makes it all much easier.

"We needed to expand and have since doubled the numbers of horses at the yard.

"It's an exciting time and we specifically stayed in the area as we want it to
be a yard for the South West - incorporating sponsors, riders, horses and
owners."

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 83


                 Copyright 2009 Western Morning News (Plymouth)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              960 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The Nuneaton News

                           December 15, 2009 Tuesday

JEACOCK AIMS FOR TOP PRIZE

LENGTH: 459 words


Nuneaton road racing sensation Leon Jeacock has announced that he will campaign
for the National Championship title in 2010.Leon, 21, dominated the Club racing
scene in 2009, winning three Championships at the East Midlands Racing
Association. The next chapter in Leons successful racing career will see him
tackle the 2010 Metzeler National Superstock 600 Championship. The championship
is designed to identify new riding talent and provide a progressive route to
higher classes of racing for talented young racers between the ages of 16 and 25
years.

It supports the British Superbike Championship (BSB) and is run over 10 rounds
at the countrys top racing circuits.  Leon said: 2009 has been an incredible
year for me, therefore the natural progression for me now is to chase a National
title.This is a great boost, not only for me personally, but for BMC Racing, my
team, supporters, family and sponsors. We are all really looking forward to
competing on the National circuit next year and I sincerely hope that the
corporate benefits this step-up can offer will attract some local
businesses.Mike Dorey of BMC Racing said: Its fantastic news, I cant wait for
the next chapter of Leons racing career to unfold. He is a talented rider and
aboard his new race bike is more than capable of competing against the best of
the UKs young riders in this National Championship.  Everyone here at BMC Racing
are behind him 10 per cent, he has our total support and we will do whatever we
can to help get him to a National title in 2010.Television coverage of the BSB
rounds across the British Eurosport and ITV networks in the UK exceeded a
staggering 250-hours of total broadcast time in 2009, attracting viewing figures
of 200,000 per round of the Championship.In addition to their live exposure, the
support classes also enjoyed their own BSB Extras show, broadcast two days a
week.2009 also saw BSB return to the ITV network, ensuring that the championship
is available on a UK free-to-air platform.Each round of the BSB Championship
attracts up to 40,000 spectators to each race circuit, providing a perfect
platform for businesses to promote their product or service to a captive
audience.The Leon Jeacock Business Partnership allows investors to network
through the sport and with each other, creating new business relationships and
potential new revenue streams.Investing into the Leon Jeacock Business
Partnership not only assists Leons racing career to grow, it also aligns
businesses with one of the UKs best up and coming young riders, who has already
broken records within his sport.For more information, or to discuss corporate
membership to the Leon Jeacock Business Partnership, contact In Touch Sports
Media & Marketing at  in-touch@live.co.uk

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HN


                    Copyright 2009 Iliffe News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              961 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The Nuneaton News

                           December 15, 2009 Tuesday

JEACOCK AIMS FOR TOP PRIZE

LENGTH: 459 words


Nuneaton road racing sensation Leon Jeacock has announced that he will campaign
for the National Championship title in 2010.Leon, 21, dominated the Club racing
scene in 2009, winning three Championships at the East Midlands Racing
Association. The next chapter in Leons successful racing career will see him
tackle the 2010 Metzeler National Superstock 600 Championship. The championship
is designed to identify new riding talent and provide a progressive route to
higher classes of racing for talented young racers between the ages of 16 and 25
years.

It supports the British Superbike Championship (BSB) and is run over 10 rounds
at the countrys top racing circuits.  Leon said: 2009 has been an incredible
year for me, therefore the natural progression for me now is to chase a National
title.This is a great boost, not only for me personally, but for BMC Racing, my
team, supporters, family and sponsors. We are all really looking forward to
competing on the National circuit next year and I sincerely hope that the
corporate benefits this step-up can offer will attract some local
businesses.Mike Dorey of BMC Racing said: Its fantastic news, I cant wait for
the next chapter of Leons racing career to unfold. He is a talented rider and
aboard his new race bike is more than capable of competing against the best of
the UKs young riders in this National Championship.  Everyone here at BMC Racing
are behind him 10 per cent, he has our total support and we will do whatever we
can to help get him to a National title in 2010.Television coverage of the BSB
rounds across the British Eurosport and ITV networks in the UK exceeded a
staggering 250-hours of total broadcast time in 2009, attracting viewing figures
of 200,000 per round of the Championship.In addition to their live exposure, the
support classes also enjoyed their own BSB Extras show, broadcast two days a
week.2009 also saw BSB return to the ITV network, ensuring that the championship
is available on a UK free-to-air platform.Each round of the BSB Championship
attracts up to 40,000 spectators to each race circuit, providing a perfect
platform for businesses to promote their product or service to a captive
audience.The Leon Jeacock Business Partnership allows investors to network
through the sport and with each other, creating new business relationships and
potential new revenue streams.Investing into the Leon Jeacock Business
Partnership not only assists Leons racing career to grow, it also aligns
businesses with one of the UKs best up and coming young riders, who has already
broken records within his sport.For more information, or to discuss corporate
membership to the Leon Jeacock Business Partnership, contact In Touch Sports
Media & Marketing at  in-touch@live.co.uk

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HN


                    Copyright 2009 Iliffe News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              962 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                             Herald Sun (Australia)

                           October 17, 2009 Saturday
                               1 - FIRST Edition

Nicky's knack for wheelie good fun

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 192  words


IT was Casey Stoner's birthday but it was American rider Nicky Hayden and the
crowd who were partying at Phillip Island yesterday.

Hayden let rip with this impressive mono as hometown hero Stoner set up another
showdown with arch-rival Valentino Rossi.

Stoner turned 23 yesterday, but is waiting until tomorrow to celebrate --
preferably with his third Iveco Australian Grand Prix title.

After the opening practice session, Stoner was unhappy with his performance,
which saw him just over a tenth of a second behind the championship leader.

``I've still got a little bit to do before the race, but

so does everyone else,'' he said.

Stoner also revealed he was far from peak physical condition after returning to
racing earlier this month following a 10-week layoff.

``In general, I feel a little bit better than Portugal,'' he said. ``It's just a
bit difficult this circuit -- Portugal is quite slow and this circuit is very
fast, so it's opening my eyes up again. It's hard to get used to the speed
again.''

The MotoGP riders take to the track at 9.55am today for the second practice
session ahead of the hour-long qualifying from 1.55pm.

Sport liftout, Page 41

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DHS


                   Copyright 2009 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              963 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                              The Sentinel (Stoke)

                          September 9, 2009 Wednesday

Crowd to fire cycle team in home leg

BYLINE: ALEX CAMPBELL

SECTION: Pg. 16

LENGTH: 420 words


Regional cycling team CandiTV have urged people to cheer their local side to
victory in next week's Tour of Britain.

Members of the Stone-based team say home advantage could give them the edge in
the fifth stage of Britain's elite cycling race.

Next Wednesday's leg will see 101 professional riders from 17 teams  across the
globe tackle a gruelling 83-mile North Staffordshire circuit.

CandiTV manager Phil Griffiths said the race brought a lot of pressure, but
the team was  looking forward to putting on a good performance in front of
their sponsor and local supporters.

He said: "We've built up quite a following among the local schools we've visited
and we know the course a lot better than the other competitors, who are from all
over the world.

"There are no excuses really. We've been around the local circuit many times
before and we've got the home crowd behind us. We hope to win at least one stage
and  to be on the podium at the tour's end."

Team captain Malcolm Elliot won a gold medal at the 1982 Commonwealth games.

The 48-year-old said: "It's a very demanding stage and there are parts where
there isn't much shelter from the wind.

"The level of competition is as high as anywhere else in the world. I'm
optimistic that we will do the best we can and a stage win would be fantastic."

The race starts at the Britannia Stadium at 10.30am. Racers will loop the region
before finishing outside Hanley Town Hall at about 1.45pm.

The North Staffordshire race is the fifth of eight stages in the Tour, which
runs on successive days from Saturday.

It is the second consecutive year that Stoke-on-Trent has hosted the tour,
having not previously been involved since 1990.

Racers will head through Eccleshall, Stone, Uttoxeter, Tittesworth Reservoir,
Leek and Barlaston before returning to the finishing line in Hanley.

The circuit includes Gun Hill, near Leek,  a notoriously challenging climb for
weary riders.

Tour chief executive Hugh Roberts said: "We know the Stoke-on-Trent stage will
be challenging and exciting because the riders will be passing through the
area's scenic countryside and the infamous Gun Hill."

Councillor Derek Capey, Stoke-on-Trent City Council's cabinet member for sport,
said: "I am sure the people of Stoke-on-Trent and Staffordshire will come out in
their thousands to support this great event and see world class athletes."

The tour has stages across the UK, beginning in Scunthorpe this weekend, and
finishing in central London on September 19.

Each stage of the tour will be televised by ITV4.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 51


                      Copyright 2009 The Sentinel (Stoke)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              964 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                Hull Daily Mail

                             August 17, 2009 Monday

Louth-based team at cadwell park meeting

SECTION: Pg. 20

LENGTH: 185 words


When the British Superbike Championship rolls into iconic Cadwell Park, near
Louth, bike fans from across the country make a beeline for the Lincolnshire
circuit

The August bank holiday round always attracts record crowds and it's expected
this year will be no different.

And it's not surprising the crowds flock to the track near Louth - to see  rider
and machine flying several feet over the world-famous Mountain section is
certainly something special.

It's not only the fans who love the circuit, bikers from around the globe would
vote Cadwell as one of their favourites, due mainly to the demanding nature of
the undulating track.

This year will see many of the Superbike riders make their debut at Cadwell
Park,  with Josh Brookes lining up to defend the honour of the Louth-based HM
Plant Honda team, while  Sylvain Guintoli will also be making his first visit to
the "Party in the Park" with the Crescent Suzuki squad.

The  race action starts on  Saturday,  August 29 and goes on until bank holiday
Monday, August 31.

Go to  http://www.motorsportvision.co.uk to find out more or to book tickets for
the weekend.

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 88


                         Copyright 2009 Hull Daily Mail
                              All Rights Reserved


                              965 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                Hull Daily Mail

                             August 17, 2009 Monday

Louth-based team at cadwell park meeting

SECTION: Pg. 20

LENGTH: 185 words


When the British Superbike Championship rolls into iconic Cadwell Park, near
Louth, bike fans from across the country make a beeline for the Lincolnshire
circuit

The August bank holiday round always attracts record crowds and it's expected
this year will be no different.

And it's not surprising the crowds flock to the track near Louth - to see  rider
and machine flying several feet over the world-famous Mountain section is
certainly something special.

It's not only the fans who love the circuit, bikers from around the globe would
vote Cadwell as one of their favourites, due mainly to the demanding nature of
the undulating track.

This year will see many of the Superbike riders make their debut at Cadwell
Park,  with Josh Brookes lining up to defend the honour of the Louth-based HM
Plant Honda team, while  Sylvain Guintoli will also be making his first visit to
the "Party in the Park" with the Crescent Suzuki squad.

The  race action starts on  Saturday,  August 29 and goes on until bank holiday
Monday, August 31.

Go to  http://www.motorsportvision.co.uk to find out more or to book tickets for
the weekend.

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 88


                         Copyright 2009 Hull Daily Mail
                              All Rights Reserved


                              966 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                  Burton Mail

                              July 24, 2009 Friday

Rossi to be the bossi?

LENGTH: 282 words


VALENTINO Rossi is in buoyant mood ahead of Sundays British Grand Prix at
Donington Park, with the reigning world champion intending to fire a warning
shot to the pretenders to his crown by taking a fifth victory of the campaign at
the circuit.  The Fiat Yamaha rider (pictured right) stretched his lead in the
title stakes to 14 points over his team-mate Jorge Lorenzo by winning last
weekends German round, and now Rossi is planning more of the same at what will
be his farewell appearance at a circuit where in previous years he has enjoyed
the winners champagne on seven occasions. "This is the last year we are going to
race there, which I am really sad about, but that makes me even more determined
to try to win there, for me and for the fans who have always treated me like one
of their own," explained Rossi.

"I havent won there since 2005, which is too long, and I would like to say
goodbye to the track in the best way." "Ive always said that Donington is one of
my favourite tracks in the world  its fast and flowing but also technical  and
also the UK is a very special place for me because for a long time it was my
home, and were arriving leading in the championship, so were in a very strong
position," added Rossi. Rossi is the only fully fit rider in the top four, with
Lorenzo riding through the pain of a shoulder injury sustained at Laguna Seca
and with this race coming within a week of his hard-fought second place in
Germany, it will be physically demanding on him. "I will try to relax for a few
days at least and build my strength some more," said Lorenzo. "I like Donington
a lot and this is the last year there, so I would like to try and leave with a
good result."

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BM


                    Copyright 2009 Iliffe News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              967 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       The Southland Times (New Zealand)

                             July 11, 2009 Saturday

Christmas road race

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 143 words


The success of a low-key attempt last season to link several road race events
over the Christmas/New Year period has prompted Wanganui's Cemetery Circuit
meeting organiser Leighton Minnell to get serious. The result is the inaugural
Suzuki International Tri-Series, which kicks off at Manfeild on December 19,
takes in the annual Cemetery Circuit meeting at Wanganui on Boxing Day (Saturday
December 26) and finishes with a grand finale meeting at Taupo on Monday
December 28. The idea is to give the riders who have traditionally supported the
Wanganui meeting more bang for their buck, and offer riders from overseas - in
particular, Australia - who might want to compete at Wanganui a reason to arrive
early and make a holiday of it over the Christmas/New Year period. Entry forms
and further details can be found on raceweek.co.nz or cemeterycircuit.co.nz

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                              968 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                   Daily Star

                             June 20, 2009 Saturday
                                U.K. 1st Edition

CAM BELTS OUT A TRIPLE THREAT;
MOTORCYCLING SPECIAL: Leon roars into action

BYLINE: by DAVE FERN

SECTION: SPORT; 53

LENGTH: 436 words


LEON CAMIER is confident he can enjoy a winning start to a hectic triple header
at Snetterton this weekend.

The Airwaves Yamaha rider has won six of the eight races in the ViSK British
uperbike Championship, to lead his eam-mate James Ellison by 38 points in the
title race.

Sunday's fifth round at the Norfolk circuit is the first stop of a
season-defining fortnight for the 22-year-old.

Next Sunday the Kent rider moves on to the bigger stage as a wildcard entry into
the World Championship at Donington Park, while the following week Camier heads
to Scotland for more British action.

He said: "It's a tough schedule, but an exciting one.

"Obviously they are all important to me and the team but the first priority has
to be the races here.

"I'm not putting pressure on myself about it all - let's get one out of the way,
and then worry about the next.

"There have been one or two minor issues here but we are working on the
settings, and things are going good.

"I won my first British Superbike race here last year so I've got some great
memories of this circuit.

"That is what I am aiming for, so winning the British title - and strong rides
at Donington would be a good pointer for me. But first of all, there are these
races.

"It would be fantastic if we could get on the top step of the winner's podium
again, but I think we're going to be in for some tough competition."

Camier's best lap of 1m 05.890secs left him just 0.002secs down on Simon Andrews
at the top of the leaderboard.

Andrews, riding his MSS Colchester Kawasaki, has also been accepted to race in
the World series.

He celebrated that with a 106.65mph lap at Snetterton to suggest he could be in
the running for a maiden victory on the track.

But there will be little to choose from between the top four, with Hydrex Honda
riders Karl Harris and Stuart Easton likely to challenge.

And Easton is eager to overcome what is something of a circuit jinx.

The Scot said: "I had the biggest and fastest crash of my career here last year.

"It is one of the scariest moments when you discover your brakes aren't working.

"I broke my wrist and was out for four rounds. I should have expected it really
as things have never gone well for me there.

"I have only ever finished two races at Snetterton since 2002 when I won the
British Supersport race.

"In 2003 I broke down, 2004 I was out through injury, 2005 I broke my wrist,
2006 I was fifth in the Supersport race, in 2007 I broke down again and last
year I broke my wrist for the second time.

"It is fair to say I haven't had my best results there but I am determined to
turn around the bad luck I have had here in the past."

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: LE-ON YOUR BIKE: In-form Camier and (inset) practising at Snetterton

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 EXPRESS NEWSPAPERS
                              All Rights Reserved


                              969 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                              Gloucestershire Echo

                             March 7, 2009 Saturday

Velo get set for season

SECTION: Pg. 36

LENGTH: 284 words


Velo Club Montpellier held its Elite Team launch at Leisure Lakes Bikes in
Cheltenham.

The strong team of four riders will compete in national elite races across the
country, including taking part in the high-status Premier Calendar Series.

The launch was a glitzy affair, with special guest Edward Gillespie, managing
director of Cheltenham Racecourse, in attendance.

Newly signed riders Jon Pain (from GWR Team) and Paul Standen (from Total
Fitness) both join the powerful Velo Club duo of Wayne Coombs and Colin
Mattinson.

The team will be backed up in local races by the 27-strong club who all compete
in road races.

The main sponsors of the team include CPLC Associates  and Leisure Lakes Bikes.

The evening also saw the launch of the Leisure Lakes series to be held at
Cheltenham Racecourse throughout June 2009, with four circuit races on each
Friday evening of the month.

Racing will last for 30 tight laps around a circuit that has been specifically
designed within the racecourse arena.

Tight corners, hilly drags and fast straights will ensure that only the most
competitive riders will succeed.

The races will be open to 2nd, 3rd and 4th category riders. All races will also
be open to women

A separate youth race, promoted by Cheltenham and County Cycling Club, will also
be run.

Leisure Lakes Bikes, as title sponsor of the race series, will provide a
specialised Allez road bike for the overall winner of the circuit series.

Other cash prizes will be provided from club sponsors CPLC Associates, McInnes
Communications, DataForm and jSolutions.

Leisure Lakes Bikes Circuit Series - Cheltenham Racecourse:  Race 1 - Friday 5
June, Race 2 - Friday 12 June, Race 3 - Friday 19 June, Race 4 -  Friday 26
June.

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 32


                      Copyright 2009 Gloucestershire Echo
                              All Rights Reserved


                              970 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                              Gloucestershire Echo

                             March 7, 2009 Saturday

Velo get set for season

SECTION: Pg. 36

LENGTH: 284 words


Velo Club Montpellier held its Elite Team launch at Leisure Lakes Bikes in
Cheltenham.

The strong team of four riders will compete in national elite races across the
country, including taking part in the high-status Premier Calendar Series.

The launch was a glitzy affair, with special guest Edward Gillespie, managing
director of Cheltenham Racecourse, in attendance.

Newly signed riders Jon Pain (from GWR Team) and Paul Standen (from Total
Fitness) both join the powerful Velo Club duo of Wayne Coombs and Colin
Mattinson.

The team will be backed up in local races by the 27-strong club who all compete
in road races.

The main sponsors of the team include CPLC Associates  and Leisure Lakes Bikes.

The evening also saw the launch of the Leisure Lakes series to be held at
Cheltenham Racecourse throughout June 2009, with four circuit races on each
Friday evening of the month.

Racing will last for 30 tight laps around a circuit that has been specifically
designed within the racecourse arena.

Tight corners, hilly drags and fast straights will ensure that only the most
competitive riders will succeed.

The races will be open to 2nd, 3rd and 4th category riders. All races will also
be open to women

A separate youth race, promoted by Cheltenham and County Cycling Club, will also
be run.

Leisure Lakes Bikes, as title sponsor of the race series, will provide a
specialised Allez road bike for the overall winner of the circuit series.

Other cash prizes will be provided from club sponsors CPLC Associates, McInnes
Communications, DataForm and jSolutions.

Leisure Lakes Bikes Circuit Series - Cheltenham Racecourse:  Race 1 - Friday 5
June, Race 2 - Friday 12 June, Race 3 - Friday 19 June, Race 4 -  Friday 26
June.

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 32


                      Copyright 2009 Gloucestershire Echo
                              All Rights Reserved


                              971 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                              Gloucestershire Echo

                              July 18, 2008 Friday

Andrews revs up to take on world

SECTION: Pg. 36

LENGTH: 366 words


Simon Andrews has vowed to follow in the footsteps of British MotoGP star James
Toseland after being handed a wildcard to next month's World Superbikes.

The Evesham rider will line up against a host of world-class rivals at Brands
Hatch, including former Bennetts British Superbike champion Troy Corser and
double world champion Troy Bayliss.

Toseland, who is eighth in the MotoGP rankings, stormed to his second world
title last year. Andrews admitted he would not be shy about picking the brains
of the world's fastest riders.

Andrews, who heads to Oulton Park this weekend for round seven of the British
Superbike season, said: "I'm really excited about the wildcard.

"I'm going to go to see what the other Yamahas are doing and try and absorb
their knowledge.

"Results-wise I am not sure what to expect, but I definitely want to get some
good points and learn from guys like Troy in practice and qualifying and get
some tips from them which I can use when I get back to the British Superbikes.

"Anything I can take from it will be useful and hopefully it will be a platform
and a start to things on the bike."

Andrews' immediate focus will turn to Oulton Park where he will be looking to
build on his Mallory Park exploits which saw him match his season's best finish.

The Jentin Racing rider recorded back-to-back seventh-placed finishes to take
his points tally for the season to 69 - 211 behind runaway leader Shane Byrne.

Andrews said his confidence could not be higher as he attempts to mix it with
the big boys at the Cheshire circuit.

"I am looking forward to getting back out on the track at Oulton," he said.
"It's one of the circuits that I normally do well at.

"It is a circuit where if you are well prepared then you can have a huge
influence on your final finish, unlike somewhere like Mallory Park where a
traction control issue can drop you right down the field.

"Once that is sorted, instead of finishing seventh or eighth I will be looking
at finishing fifth against the factory boys and for me to finish in the top five
would feel like a win."

TUNE into Eurosport 2 for Bennetts British Superbikes Coverage on Sunday, July
20, from Oulton Park or for updates head to uk.eurosport.yahoo.com

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 32


                      Copyright 2008 Gloucestershire Echo
                              All Rights Reserved


                              972 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                Wales on Sunday

                             June 29, 2008, Sunday
                                 North Edition

It's women's championship No 9 on the trot for our Nicole

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 237 words


WELSH cycling star Nicole Cooke won her ninth consecutive national women's road
title with another commanding performance.

The competition gets stronger year by year, but Cooke showed once again she
remains the best all-round road rider in the United Kingdom with her victory
yesterday in North Yorkshire.

The race, which lasted just over three hours, took place on a double circuit
around the Duncombe Park venue, close to the town of Helmsley, on the edge of
the Yorkshire Wolds.

The first hour of the race saw little significant action, but on one of the
typically draggy but not over-long climbs of the area, Catherine Hare finally
made a move and got clear.

She was soon joined by Emma Pooley and then by Rachel Heal, Cooke, Joanna
Rowsell, and Jessica Allen.

This proved to be the significant break of the afternoon and these six riders
were soon moving clear of the rest of the field, for whom the race was
effectively over.

With the escaped group having stabilised and the threat of the main bunch
receding, the race again settled down for well over an hour. Finally, well into
the last circuit, Pooley made a move on a climb and broke free from the leading
group. But Cooke smoothly moved across to join her.

Coming into the finish, Welsh wonder-girl Cooke was able to comfortably
out-sprint her rival and crossed the line to claim her ninth title some three or
four lengths clear.

Rowsell won the sprint for the bronze medal.

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 Western Mail and Echo Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              973 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                 UK Newsquest Regional Press - This is Bradford

                            June 11, 2008 Wednesday

Barras back in the groove

BYLINE: Sports Desk

SECTION: SPORT

LENGTH: 207 words

DATELINE: Bradford Telegraph And Argus


Tom Barras is proving he is fully recovered from the head and neck injuries
suffered while racing in Ireland three weeks ago.

The Keighley rider has turned in some impressive results over the last week to
boost his points tally in the National Elite Circuit Series.

Barras, riding for the Plowman Craven Racing Team, was their best-placed rider
at the Brentwood Town Centre Races on Sunday and secured 35 points thanks to his
victory.

Coupled with his performance 24 hours earlier, where he was 11th in the
Smithfield Nocturne circuit race, Barras looks likely to be placed in the top
ten when the tables are produced by the governing body later this week.

Barras then returned to Yorkshire and took seventh place in last night's
Brighouse Criterium, where Sheffield's Malcolm Elliott took victory, while
Pinarello Racing Team colleague Tom Murray of Huddersfield was second.

Barras was once again the highest-placed finisher for Plowman Craven, who
continue a busy few weeks with the Newcastle Leazes Criterium on Friday night.

The team will then resume their bid for the Premier Calendar Road Race Series on
Sunday when they ride the Beaumont Trophy in Northumberland.

Start or join a debate on this issue in our on-line forum - Click here

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: WEB PUBLICATION


                  Copyright 2008 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              974 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                   Daily Star

                             June 7, 2008 Saturday
                                U.K. 1st Edition

DANI WILL PUT HEAT ON ROSSI;
MOTO GP: Fans can lift the local boy

BYLINE: by DAVE FERN

SECTION: SPORT; 47

LENGTH: 309 words


DANI PEDROSA has promised to turn up the heat on World MotoGP series leader
Valentino Rossi at his local Catalunyan circuit.

The Repsol Honda rider, 12 points down on Rossi in second, bounced back from a
first-session tumble to top the free practice leaderboard before tomorrow's
seventh round in Barcelona.

He clocked a best time of 1min 43.017secs, only a split second up on Loris
Capriossi and Rossi.

But he will be looking for fan-power to speed him in the race for pole position.

He said: "I am riding in front of my home crowd, near where I grew up, and I
really feel and appreciate the fans' support.

"I will do all I can to give them a good race."

Rossi, who reckons to have had a "big sleep" since taking his third backto-back
victory in last Sunday's Mugello race, is looking ominously strong aboard the
Fiat Yamaha.

He is running here in a special blue livery, sporting the colour of the Italian
football team, to show his support for them as they go into their Euro 2008 game
against Holland on Monday.

Rossi was running inch perfect but a number of riders, including champion Casey
Stoner, took tumbles.

But there is only a fraction of a second between them. "It's a great feeling to
have won three races in a row, only one less than we won in the whole of last
season, " said Rossi.

"Last year here I had a great fight with Stoner but I couldn't quite beat him.

"But this year our bike and tyres are working brilliantly so I am confident that
we will be hard to beat."

The concern in the Fiat Yamaha camp surrounds Jorge Lorenzo.

Still nursing injuries from a crash during the Chinese round, he had another big
tumble here, and a bruised left ankle and hand could rule him.

James Toseland, learning a fifth new circuit of the season, chopped 0.75sec off
his lap times over the two sessions for a best lap of 1min 43.479secs on the
Tech3 Yamaha to be eighth.

LOAD-DATE: June 8, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: SOC IT TO THEM: Valentino Rossi (above) wearing his Italian football
colours and in top gear during practice

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 EXPRESS NEWSPAPERS
                              All Rights Reserved


                              975 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                             April 27, 2008 Sunday
                                  Main Edition

TOUR DE GEORGIA: Siutsou climbs to head of pack

BYLINE: SCOTT BERNARDE; Staff

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 2E

LENGTH: 507 words


Brasstown Bald --- Little-known Kanstantin Siutsou of Belarus apologized to
reporters for his broken English after winning Saturday's sixth stage of the
Tour de Georgia.

That was OK, because reporters had their own problems pronouncing the
25-year-old's name, so consider it a wash.

But after his surprising push up the final kilometer of Georgia's highest peak,
there wasn't much more he needed to say. "Today was very special," he said
simply.

Siutsou pushed past popular American Levi Leipheimer and fifth-day leader Trent
Lowe of Australia up the final climb to not only win the biggest race of his
career, but also to take overall lead.

He leads Lowe by four seconds and Leipheimer by 14 in what race organizers call
the closest margin heading into the final stage.

The Team High Road rider will wear the yellow jersey in today's final stage, a
62.7-mile circuit race on Atlanta streets, where fractions of a second will be
important.

Siutsou, with a fan running alongside dumping water on his back, roared past
Lowe (Slipstream Chipotle) and Leipheimer (Team Astana), neither of whom had a
counterattack on the final climb.

Siutsou had a time of 3 hours, 47 minutes, 16 seconds on the 88-mile
Blairsville-to-Brasstown stage, which had climbs up grades over 20 percent and
descents on which riders reached speeds of over 60 mph.

"I felt strong, but I felt Trent and Siutsou also were strong," said Leipheimer,
who joined the leaders at the 2-kilometer point. "It's legendary, the last
kilometer of Brasstown . . . I went for it. I gave it a good 400 meters.

"I think everyone was at the limit. The better man won. Siutsou was the
strongest guy."

Lowe finished second Saturday, followed by Leipheimer, Rory Sutherland (Health
Net/Maxxis) and Oscar Savilla (Rock Racing).

Also Saturday, Neil Shirley won the most significant award of the week for
Athens-based Jittery Joe's racing team. He was the day's most aggressive rider,
spending much of the middle part of the stage with the lead group. He finished
51st.

"I really haven't really done anything until today, so it's a fantastic
feeling," he said. "It was great to ride the home tour and do something out
front."

TOUR DE GEORGIA

* What happened Saturday: Belorussian Kanstantin Siutsou won the Tour's epic
climb up Brasstown Bald into the overall lead.

* Today: Stage 7 (final stage), Atlanta circuit (62.7 miles). Start time 1 p.m.

* Course description: The Tour's third visit to the state capital will be a
10-lap circuit race beginning and ending at Centennial Olympic Park. The course
runs past Woodruff and Bedford Place parks and Georgia Tech.

* For spectators: There should be great viewing all along the route, especially
in the three parks. Events at Centennial Olympic Park begin at 8:30 a.m. and
conclude with the awards presentation after the stage. Travel in the area will
be restricted during the race. MARTA is a good option.

* Watch the Tour: On the Internet, watch the race live at tourdegeorgia.com.
Stage 7 recap show on SportSouth airs at 10 tonight, with re-air at 9:30 a.m.
Monday.

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: DOUG PENSINGER / Getty ImagesDowntown Atlanta (shown in last
year's race) will provide the Tour's final test, starting and ending at
Centennial Olympic Park./ImageData* ImageData*
Map: DALE E. DODSON / StaffTODAY'S FINAL STAGEMap shows start, finish, and route
of the final stage of the Tour de Georgia. Inset map shows area of detail in
Atlanta./ImageData*

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2008 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              976 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        The Daily Telegraph (Australia)

                           December 5, 2007 Wednesday
                                 State Edition

15-year cycle races to an end in Cronulla

BYLINE: AMANDA LULHAM

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 261  words


WHEN the curtain comes down on Matt White's 15-year career at the Cronulla
International Grand Prix on December 16, the world-acclaimed cycling workhorse
will be in good company.

The 33-year-old, who has made his name as a ''domestique'', one of the riders
who supports the superstars of the European cycling circuit, will be joined by
the likes of Paris Roubaix winner Stuart O'Grady, three-time Tour de France
green jersey winner Robbie McEwen and dual Olympic gold medallist Graeme Brown.

''Every single Australian pro is coming,'' said White, who will start a new
career as a cycling team manager with Slipstream in 2008 and is coaching wife
and walker Jane Saville for the Beijing Olympics.

''We've never all raced at the same place before at the same time. There's no
appearance money, the prize money is for charity. They are coming to say
goodbye. It means a lot to me they will all be there.''

And while he is used to riding away from the limelight, White is keen to end his
career with a win on a course just 1.5km from his home in the Sutherland Shire.

''I'll be fighting for it,'' he said.

The race was held last year for the first time on the anniversary of the
Cronulla Riots. Race organiser Phil Bates said he hoped to make the event an
annual affair and expand it to a series.

''It's a good way of promoting Cronulla's great virtues,'' Bates said.

''And it's a fantastic circuit.

More than 300 riders will compete on the day in various age groups with the
premier events the men's and women's criterium.

This year's crowds are expected to exceed last year's 10,000.

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DTM


                   Copyright 2007 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              977 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        The Daily Telegraph (Australia)

                           December 5, 2007 Wednesday
                          City Edition 11:30pm Edition

15-year cycle races to an end in Cronulla

BYLINE: AMANDA LULHAM

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 261  words


WHEN the curtain comes down on Matt White's 15-year career at the Cronulla
International Grand Prix on December 16, the world-acclaimed cycling workhorse
will be in good company.

The 33-year-old, who has made his name as a ''domestique'', one of the riders
who supports the superstars of the European cycling circuit, will be joined by
the likes of Paris Roubaix winner Stuart O'Grady, three-time Tour de France
green jersey winner Robbie McEwen and dual Olympic gold medallist Graeme Brown.

''Every single Australian pro is coming,'' said White, who will start a new
career as a cycling team manager with Slipstream in 2008 and is coaching wife
and walker Jane Saville for the Beijing Olympics.

''We've never all raced at the same place before at the same time. There's no
appearance money, the prize money is for charity. They are coming to say
goodbye. It means a lot to me they will all be there.''

And while he is used to riding away from the limelight, White is keen to end his
career with a win on a course just 1.5km from his home in the Sutherland Shire.

''I'll be fighting for it,'' he said.

The race was held last year for the first time on the anniversary of the
Cronulla Riots. Race organiser Phil Bates said he hoped to make the event an
annual affair and expand it to a series.

''It's a good way of promoting Cronulla's great virtues,'' Bates said.

''And it's a fantastic circuit.

More than 300 riders will compete on the day in various age groups with the
premier events the men's and women's criterium.

This year's crowds are expected to exceed last year's 10,000.

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DTM


                   Copyright 2007 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              978 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Canberra Times (Australia)

                            October 21, 2007 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

Penultimate stage proves a trial as Shaw slips further back

BYLINE: CYCLING; DANIEL MACDONALD

SECTION: A; Pg. 62

LENGTH: 214  words


CANBERRA rider Stuart Shaw dropped further off the pace after yesterday's
individual time trial in the Victorian Herald Sun cycling tour.

Shaw finished the 8.6km circuit that took the riders through Melbourne's
Botanical Gardens in a time of 11min and 59sec.

The Canberran clocked 27sec slower than the time- trial leader, Switzerland's
Steve Morabito.

Shaw is now 22.57 behind the tour-leader, Australian Matthew Wilson.

Wilson finished 14sec behind Morabito and an action-packed final looms today.

Wilson rode last yesterday and sprinted home in 11.43 to ensure he would lead
today's criterium, which consists of 80 minutes plus three laps racing around a
2.5km circuit.

Despite the margin being only three seconds, Wilson was confident of holding off
Morabito with help from his Unibet teammates.

"I feel very confident. I knew if I was in yellow tonight they would struggle to
get me out of it so I'm very, very happy," Wilson said. "It's still very
possible that he [Morabito] could take the jersey back but ...

I've got more than enough confidence in my team."

Being the front-runner will allow Wilson to stay on Morabito's wheel and watch
for any sudden surges, although he did not rule out an aggressive approach in a
bid to secure time bonuses and shut out the 24-year-old Swiss.

with AAP

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2007 The Federal Capital Press of Australia PTY Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              979 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Express

                             August 6, 2007 Monday
                                Scottish Edition

Toseland double puts him on track;
SUPERBIKES

BYLINE: By Dave Fern

SECTION: SPORT; 59

LENGTH: 272  words


JAMES TOSELAND took a major double step towards ensuring his graduation into
MotoGP will be as world champion with a dominant performance in the 10th round
of the production-based series at Brands Hatch.

The Hannspree Honda rider was angry at missing out on a Superpole start by a
split second to reigning champion Troy Bayliss.

But he promised his fans he would not be beaten when it mattered most, in
yesterday's two races at the demanding Kent circuit.

Bayliss made the early running but on the third lap, on which he and Toseland
swapped positions, the Yorkshireman made the telling move and was not headed
again.

Two laps later the Aussie was down, with his hopes of retaining the title for a
third time falling with him.

He said: "I thought I'd jumped the start and every lap I was looking for the
flag to tell me to come in. I wasn't focused and coming into Druids I pushed too
hard and lost the front."

Toseland held off the determined Troy Corser to finally take his first victory
at this circuit:

"It's about time isn't it, " he said.

"Sorry about the 10-year wait that I've had to win here. I've been second and
third, but there is nothing like winning round here.

"The last five laps or so were really difficult.

"I was so near to winning, but I had to concentrate really hard to get there.

"I wanted this victory to prove that winning this title is more important to me
now than moving into MotoGP.

"This victory is for the team who have always worked so hard for me."

Toseland had to work hard in Race Two to head off the fierce challenge from
title rival Noriyuki Haga.

But not even the Japanese rider could deny the Briton his double.

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: TOSELAND: Delighted

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2007 XPRESS - Al Nisr Media FZ LLC
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              980 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Journal (Newcastle, UK)

                             July 28, 2007 Saturday

Day Ofbikewise Spectacle Promised

BYLINE: Neil Mckay

SECTION: Pg. 8

LENGTH: 186 words


ORGANISERS are putting the finishing touches to what promises to be the biggest
and best police BikeWise event yet.

The annual show, now in its 13th year, is being held at Aykley Heads in Durham
all day tomorrow.

Entry is £1 for adults but children get in free. And among the main attractions
will be champion rider John McGuinness, a 13-times TT winner who recently
recorded the fastest-ever lap of the Isle of Man circuit.

Darlington stunt rider Dave Coates, who holds the world speed record for riding
a motorcycle backwards, will be demonstrating his tricks, as will trials bike
champions Andy Huddleston and Michael Phillips.

John McGuinness has notched up 13 TT victories and  this year at the Isle of
Man's centenary festival recorded the first ever 130mph lap. The 35-year-old,
who hails from Morecambe, flew round the 37.7 mile circuit on his Honda
Superbike 1000 in just over 17 minutes.

He and teammate Ian Hutchinson, 27, will have with them the machines they use in
TT races.

Other attractions include a police helicopter and police dogs, Durham FM
roadshow and local band Kimera and rides on the  force skidpan.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2007 Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              981 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                  The Dominion Post (Wellington, New Zealand)

                             June 7, 2007 Thursday

Kiwi critical after race crash

BYLINE: CARPINTER Bernard

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 299 words


CHAMPION Kiwi rider Shaun Harris is on life support after crashing his
motorcycle at the Isle of Man.

The Taranaki racer, 43, was last night in a critical condition with multiple
fractures and internal bleeding.

Harris crashed his Yamaha at Union Mills in the 1000cc Superstock TT (Tourist
Trophy) race, which fellow Kiwi Bruce Anstey won.

The Isle of Man is regarded as one of the most dangerous circuits in the world,
having killed 223 competitors in 100 years.

Casualties include multiple New Zealand champion Robert Holden from Wellington,
who died there in 1996.

The winner of 12 New Zealand titles, Harris has long regarded the daunting
public-road Isle of Man circuit as his favourite and enjoyed great success there
in 2003, winning the 600cc and 1000cc Production TTs.

He has raced there off and on since 1991 and his fastest lap till this year had
been an average 198.93kmh.

In recent years, Harris, nicknamed Gremlin, has scaled back his racing and run
his own team, helping young Kiwis, but he decided to return to the Isle of Man
this year.

"The island has been the scene of my greatest triumphs as well as much heartache
in the past, and I want to make sure there are a few more triumphs before I
eventually retire from racing."

When Harris announced his return, the chairman of the TT Steering Committee,
David Cretney, said: "Shaun Harris is an iconic TT rider and is one of the few
people to win two races in one week.

"He is a colourful character and is popular with the fans."

His wife, Fiona, is travelling to Britain to be with him.

--------------------

CAPTION:

Fast corner: Champion Kiwi rider Shaun Harris in action. He has long regarded
the Isle of Man circuit as his favourite and won the 600cc and 1000cc Production
TTs in 2003.

Picture: GETTY IMAGES

Shaun Harris: Popular with the fans.

LOAD-DATE: June 8, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                              982 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            South China Morning Post

                             June 7, 2007 Thursday

High-profile crowd-pleaser on the cards for Hong Kong

BYLINE: Chan Kin-wa

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 411 words


A $10HK million international cyclo-cross event is being planned for Hong Kong
next year.

Walter Yue Ka-lok, executive director of the Hong Kong Cycling Association, said
yesterday they were working with sport events company High Five to organise the
competition for the first time, possibly in September 2008.

"Cyclo-cross is very popular in Europe and is an official event under the
sanction of the world governing body - UCI," said Yue. "It attracts many
spectators because it is  a confined circuit with a lot of excitement. There has
never been such an event in Hong Kong and we are glad there will be such an
opportunity."

According to Yue, only Japan has hosted cyclo-cross events in Asia  and they are
also the only Asian country  with trained riders for the discipline.

Cyclo-cross is similar to mountain biking but runs on an artificial 2.5- to
3.5km circuit. The circuit features clearings, roads, country lanes and paths
through forests.  Riders often have to carry their bikes and the discipline
combines riding technique, courage and physical fitness.

"Other than the international events, there is also a World Cup series of
cyclo-cross mainly held in European countries and it completes the season with a
world championship," said Yue. "We will definitely apply to host a leg of the
World Cup when the Hong Kong event becomes established. First, it has to be an
international event."

The cyclo-cross  circuit can be built on any open area. "Even the football
grounds at the Victoria Park could be the venue," said Yue. "We just need to put
up those necessary artificial elements to set up a circuit. It is too early to
say where to stage the event."

Yue said the sports event company had also promised to train  local riders for
cyclo-cross.  "We do not have any riders for this discipline but I am sure many
riders of other disciplines will be  interested."

Robert Maes, president and chief executive of High Five sports marketing agency,
said they would invest $10HK million in the first-ever event in Hong Kong.

"We  are confident it will not  lose money despite the big budget," he said.
"Cyclo-cross is a fresh event to Hong Kong and with its exciting, competitive,
yet skill-demanding nature, it has the potential to become one of the most
popular and spectator-attracting sports."

Big money

It will cost a packet to stage the first cyclo-cross event in Hong Kong

The amount, in HK$, a sports marketing company will invest in the competition:
10m

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2007 South China Morning Post Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              983 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            Kent and Sussex Courier

                              March 2, 2007 Friday

Webb raring to go despite pain in Spain

BYLINE:  Richard Coleman

SECTION: Pg. 69

LENGTH: 535 words


Motogp youngster Danny Webb was a major doubt for the final official 125cc test
in Qatar this week after crashing out in the wet in Spain.

Danny required eight stitches in three fingers after hurting his hand when he
was thrown from his Honda while testing at Jerez last week.

When Courier Sport caught up with him on a brief return to his Pembury home this
week it was still touch and go whether his fingers would recover in time for the
last opportunity to put his bike through its paces.

If not, he would be at a significant disadvantage to the rest of the field as
the 5.4km Losail Circuit is the venue for the season's curtain raiser on March
10.

"It's getting better and the swelling is going down now but I don't know if I
will be able to do the Qatar test yet. I still can't bend any of the fingers,"
he admitted. "If I can't do it, I can't do it. I'll just have to go into the
race without having ridden the track before."

Danny finished 22nd out of 31 riders on Day One at Jerez, making good use of the
fine weather conditions ahead of the forecast rain. A minor crash did not affect
him, in fact he was faster afterwards,  once again leaving team-mate Joey
Litjens (30th) trailing in his wake.

On a wet second day, Danny had put in nine laps when he crashed again and,
although the prang was at low speed, this time he didn't escape unscathed.

"It just went, the back came round and spat me off. I'd been round the track in
the wet before and was getting quicker and quicker so I felt comfortable going
out. Normally you have a warning with a little slide but this just went," he
said, although the MotoGP rookie was philosophical about the possibility of
missing testing in Qatar.

"It wouldn't be that serious not doing the test. If I do test then I'll learn
the track better but then again at lots of the other meetings this year I won't
have any practice."

The crash aside, Danny "can't wait" for the season to begin and is already
contemplating the challenge of the first circuit. Situated on the edge of
Qatar's capital Doha, the circuit, which has a main straight more than a
kilometre long, is surrounded by artificial grass to prevent sand blowing onto
the track from the neighbouring desert. Since opening in 2004 it has proved a
hit with riders although the fake grass famously accounted for superstar
Valentino Rossi on MotoGP's maiden visit when he crashed out after touching it
with a wheel.

"I was talking to [MotoGP rider] Kenny Roberts Jnr and he said it's not as
technical as Jerez where I've just been - but on the telly it looks so much more
technical," said Danny. "I was watching the World Superbikes race at the weekend
and it looks hard to learn but I won't know until I ride around there."

With the first race imminent, Danny said the time had passed in a blur, adding:
"When I first signed for the team they said I'd be testing in two months time
and I thought that's so much time to wait - but it's just come round so
quickly."

If he could, Danny would probably have his fingers crossed he can follow in the
footsteps of fellow Brit Bradley Smith who was named Rookie of the Year. As it
is, he'll settle for steering clear of any further crashes once the serious
business of racing begins.

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 Kent and Sussex Courier
                              All Rights Reserved


                              984 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                     Waikato Times (Hamilton, New Zealand)

                           October 12, 2006 Thursday

MotoGP revs up

SECTION: FEATURES; MOTORING; Pg. 29

LENGTH: 160 words


The 2006 MotoGP World Championship moves into its final phase at Estoril in
Portugal, the first of two season-ending GPs in Europe following the sport's
three-race odyssey in Malaysia, Australia and Japan.

Five riders are still able to win motorcycling's biggest prize, which last went
down to the wire in 1992.

The top three in the points chase are Nicky Hayden (Repsol Honda Team RC211V),
Valentino Rossi (Camel Yamaha Team YZR/M1) and Marco Melandri (Fortuna Honda
RC211V).

Estoril is the slowest track in MotoGP but offers its own set of challenges to
tyre technicians. The circuit is asymmetric, none too grippy and quite bumpy.

Because the track is close to the sea the weather can be changeable.

The circuit is a strange mix of very slow corners and very fast corners, and
there's a long straight too. There are a few long corners that put some heat
into the tyres. The last corner is particularly long, with riders using a lot of
lean and a lot of throttle.

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2006 Fairfax New Zealand Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              985 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            Herald Express (Torquay)

                              June 23, 2006 Friday

Hunt's hat-trick hope

SECTION: Pg. 56

LENGTH: 243 words


Ten years after he first lifted the trophy, South Devon cycling pro Jeremy Hunt
(pictured left) is one of the favourites for Sunday's National Road Race
Championships in East Yorkshire.

Hunt, 32, who rides for Belgium's Unibet.com team on the international circuit,
hopes to join the select list of men who have won the championship three times -
he previously held the crown in 1996 and 2001.

The Dartington veteran has been in solid sprinting form this season without
clinching the victory that many of his performances have deserved.

Hunt is desperate for a big win, especially as it now looks as though his Unibet
team will not be called up as a late entry for next month's Tour de France, even
though Spanish outfit Comunidad Valenciana have been thrown out amid a doping
scandal.

In one-day races, Hunt remains one of the most dangerous riders around.

That fact has often made him a marked man when he comes home to ride in major
events.

Sunday's race, based at Beverley, is nearly 117 miles long and takes in the
testing Yorkshire Wolds.

It is hilly, without being daunting for a rider of Hunt's strength and quality.

And, if he is still in contention when the final stages cover several laps of a
circuit around Beverley, Hunt must be in with a big chance.

He will be Devon's only real challenger, in the wake of Ponsworthy pro Ianto
Barker's recent decision to retire from the sport at the age of only 26.

Barker was third in last year's national championships.

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2006 Herald Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                              986 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        Sunday Times (Perth, Australia)

                              May 21, 2006 Sunday
                                 RMSTRE Edition

Rewards for Aitchison

SECTION: Pg. R74

LENGTH: 518  words


By TREVOR HEDGE

SOME eastern states riders have already hit Perth to test the 2.41km Wanneroo
circuit before next weekend's WA round of the Australian Superbike Championship.

The highest-profile rider to visit recently was Mark Aitchison.

The 22-year-old is enjoying his first year as a fully factory-backed Yamaha road
racer after scoring stellar results as a privateer in 2005.

But like so many successful Aussie road racers, he had humble beginnings.

He learnt the basics of motorcycle control slithering around the dirt tracks of
New South Wales.

Aitchison made his debut at age 10 aboard a KX60 Kawasaki at his local track in
Gosford.

Competitors on the dirt track scene in those days included Casey Stoner, Broc
Parkes, Anthony West, Damian Cudlin and the Stauffer boys, Daniel and Jamie.

Aitchison went on to take two Australian Dirt Track titles.

At 15, he swapped the dirt track for the cleaner road-race circuit, competing in
the Australian Junior Road Racing Championships on a Moriwaki 80.

In his first year of road racing, Aitchison took second place in the series
behind champion Luke Johnson.

Like a few other competitors at that time, Aitchison was lucky enough to secure
a ride with Moriwaki in the Japan Summer Road Race Series.

Over the next two years, he concentrated on studying for his Higher School
Certificate before returning to the track in 2002 on a GSX-R600.

He rode that bike in part of the FX Series, finishing runner-up to Kevin Curtain
in one round of the FX Series and coming third overall in the final round of the
2002 Australian Supersport Championship.

Aitchison's talent was recognised and rewarded with a satellite Honda CBR600 in
2003 and 2004.

He finished ninth overall in the 2003 Australian Supersport Championship and
went one better in 2004, finishing eighth.

Those two years taught Aitchison that good backing was needed to progress to the
next level and challenge for race wins and the championship.

So for 2005 he secured the services of technician Marty Dowd who, in conjunction
with Fraser Motorcycles and Yamaha, formed a satellite team around Aitchison.

The relationship immediately bore fruit, with Aitchison claiming three overall
round wins and eight race podium finishes.

That was enough to claim third place overall in the 2005 Australian Supersport
Championship and first in the privateer rankings.

Another feather in his cap last year was winning the RK Chains Samurai Trophy,
which is awarded to the Rider of the Year.

Living on the NSW Central Coast, the well-spoken university graduate is
completing his Honours in Bachelor of Management, specialising in,
appropriately, sports marketing.

At only 168cm and 62kg, he possesses an almost perfect motorcyclist's build.
Away from the circuit, his hobbies include motocross, surfing and running.

Aitchison was the only man to challenge current Australian Supersport
Championship leader Jamie Stauffer at the Eastern Creek opening round, but at
Wanneroo next weekend he aims to try to turn the tables on his teammate.

* Round two of the Australian Superbike Championship will be held at Wanneroo
Raceway on Saturday and Sunday.

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: SDT


                   Copyright 2006 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              987 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                 Sunday Mirror

                             March 26, 2006 Sunday
                                 3 Star Edition

MOTORCYCLING: LAVILLA'S START IS JUST LOVELY

BYLINE: JOHN BROWN

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 58

LENGTH: 206 words


GREGORIO Lavilla got off to a flying start in the defence of his Bennetts
British Superbikes title with a record busting lap during qualifying for today's
first title round on the Brands Hatch Indy circuit.

With a lap at 96.94mph 10 minutes from the end of qualifying the
Leicestershirebased Spanish rider got the better of his Airwaves Ducati
team-mate Leon Haslam by a mere 0.058 of a second.

Haslam who was on top throughout practice until being toppled by Lavilla (above)
still feels confident of getting a first round victory. He said: "I won here in
the final round last year and I intend to start where I left off." Karl Harris,
new boy to the official H M Plant Honda team, took third place on the grid by a
fraction of a second from Hawk Kawasaki's Dean Thomas.

VALENTINO Rossi suffered a double blow to his victory chances during qualifying
for today's season opening Spanish Grand Prix and starts from the third row of
the grid.

The Moto-GP world champion skidded off the Jerez track and wrecked his number
one Camel Yamaha after hitting oil. Four other riders went down without injury
before the session was halted for a cleanup operation

Loris Capirossi set the fastest ever lap on the 2.74-mile circuit at 99.81mph to
claim pole.

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                            Copyright 2006 MGN Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              988 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                The Bristol Post

                          November 30, 2005 Wednesday

Holley claims the honours at Combe

SECTION: Pg. 76

LENGTH: 421 words


Former moto-cross rider Barry Holley was a convincing winner of the first-ever
cyclo-cross race staged at the Castle Combe motor racing circuit in Wiltshire.

Scott Chalmers (Chippenham and District Wheelers), who leads the Western League
series, had ridden the 25 miles from his home in Stroud to take part in an event
which was run in overcast and very cold conditions by his club.

But the weather, added to the fact that he was recovering from illness,
eventually took its  toll.

He headed the field for the first eight laps but ran out of steam and had to
settle for fourth place.

By the time Chalmers blew Frome-based Holley (unattached), clad in
unconventional baggy shorts and T-shirt, was level with Chalmers and, with with
experience of recent cyclo-cross events under his belt, was able to take
advantage of the situation.

Crispin Doyle (unattached) took second spot from veteran Ian Langdon (Cheltenham
Cycles).

Yate rider Paul Vincent (unattached) made a return to cyclo-cross, finishing
sixth.

The 11 Under-12  riders who signed on tackled a shorter course for three laps.

Michael Charlton (Chippenham and District Wheelers) was the victor, though
clubmate Stephanie Higgs was closing at the finish.

Jake Eddy (Bristol Cycling Development Squad) pulled away impressively from his
two rivals in the nine-lap Under-16 event.

Organiser Andy Cook said afterwards that the circuit had proved a great success
and the club would stage more events there.

"The vast expanse of land adjacent to the circuit, the copse with its new
walkway and the steps up to the many viewing banks made for a Continental-style
course.

"Add to this covered signing-on and numerous large toilet blocks suitable for
changing and it's easy to see the  potential for this venue as a future
championship course," he said.

Results - Seniors: 1, B Holley (Unattached); 2, C Doyle (Unattached); 3, I
Langdon (Cheltenham Cycles); 4, S Chalmers (Chippenham and District Wheelers); 5
Mark Churchill (Gloucester City RC); 6, P Vincent (Unattached); 7, Cass Gilbert
(Unatt); 8, Nigel Copeman (Chippenham and District Wheelers); 9, Andy Smith
(Swindon RC); 10, Stuart Archard (Chippenham and District Wheelers).

Woman:  Cara Coolbaugh (Unattached).

Under-16s: 1, Jake Eddy (Bristol Cycling Development Squad); 2, Craig Archard
(Chippenham and District Wheelers); 3, Luke Prescott (Somer Valley CC).

Under-12s: 1, Mike Charlton (Chippenham and District Wheelers); 2, Stephanie
Higgs (Chippenham and District Wheelers); 3, Alisdair Graham (Chippenham and
District Wheelers).

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 Bristol United Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              989 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                The Bristol Post

                          November 30, 2005 Wednesday

Holley claims the honours at Combe

SECTION: Pg. 76

LENGTH: 421 words


Former moto-cross rider Barry Holley was a convincing winner of the first-ever
cyclo-cross race staged at the Castle Combe motor racing circuit in Wiltshire.

Scott Chalmers (Chippenham and District Wheelers), who leads the Western League
series, had ridden the 25 miles from his home in Stroud to take part in an event
which was run in overcast and very cold conditions by his club.

But the weather, added to the fact that he was recovering from illness,
eventually took its  toll.

He headed the field for the first eight laps but ran out of steam and had to
settle for fourth place.

By the time Chalmers blew Frome-based Holley (unattached), clad in
unconventional baggy shorts and T-shirt, was level with Chalmers and, with with
experience of recent cyclo-cross events under his belt, was able to take
advantage of the situation.

Crispin Doyle (unattached) took second spot from veteran Ian Langdon (Cheltenham
Cycles).

Yate rider Paul Vincent (unattached) made a return to cyclo-cross, finishing
sixth.

The 11 Under-12  riders who signed on tackled a shorter course for three laps.

Michael Charlton (Chippenham and District Wheelers) was the victor, though
clubmate Stephanie Higgs was closing at the finish.

Jake Eddy (Bristol Cycling Development Squad) pulled away impressively from his
two rivals in the nine-lap Under-16 event.

Organiser Andy Cook said afterwards that the circuit had proved a great success
and the club would stage more events there.

"The vast expanse of land adjacent to the circuit, the copse with its new
walkway and the steps up to the many viewing banks made for a Continental-style
course.

"Add to this covered signing-on and numerous large toilet blocks suitable for
changing and it's easy to see the  potential for this venue as a future
championship course," he said.

Results - Seniors: 1, B Holley (Unattached); 2, C Doyle (Unattached); 3, I
Langdon (Cheltenham Cycles); 4, S Chalmers (Chippenham and District Wheelers); 5
Mark Churchill (Gloucester City RC); 6, P Vincent (Unattached); 7, Cass Gilbert
(Unatt); 8, Nigel Copeman (Chippenham and District Wheelers); 9, Andy Smith
(Swindon RC); 10, Stuart Archard (Chippenham and District Wheelers).

Woman:  Cara Coolbaugh (Unattached).

Under-16s: 1, Jake Eddy (Bristol Cycling Development Squad); 2, Craig Archard
(Chippenham and District Wheelers); 3, Luke Prescott (Somer Valley CC).

Under-12s: 1, Mike Charlton (Chippenham and District Wheelers); 2, Stephanie
Higgs (Chippenham and District Wheelers); 3, Alisdair Graham (Chippenham and
District Wheelers).

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 Bristol United Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              990 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                The Bristol Post

                          November 30, 2005 Wednesday

Holley claims the honours at Combe

SECTION: Pg. 76

LENGTH: 421 words


Former moto-cross rider Barry Holley was a convincing winner of the first-ever
cyclo-cross race staged at the Castle Combe motor racing circuit in Wiltshire.

Scott Chalmers (Chippenham and District Wheelers), who leads the Western League
series, had ridden the 25 miles from his home in Stroud to take part in an event
which was run in overcast and very cold conditions by his club.

But the weather, added to the fact that he was recovering from illness,
eventually took its  toll.

He headed the field for the first eight laps but ran out of steam and had to
settle for fourth place.

By the time Chalmers blew Frome-based Holley (unattached), clad in
unconventional baggy shorts and T-shirt, was level with Chalmers and, with with
experience of recent cyclo-cross events under his belt, was able to take
advantage of the situation.

Crispin Doyle (unattached) took second spot from veteran Ian Langdon (Cheltenham
Cycles).

Yate rider Paul Vincent (unattached) made a return to cyclo-cross, finishing
sixth.

The 11 Under-12  riders who signed on tackled a shorter course for three laps.

Michael Charlton (Chippenham and District Wheelers) was the victor, though
clubmate Stephanie Higgs was closing at the finish.

Jake Eddy (Bristol Cycling Development Squad) pulled away impressively from his
two rivals in the nine-lap Under-16 event.

Organiser Andy Cook said afterwards that the circuit had proved a great success
and the club would stage more events there.

"The vast expanse of land adjacent to the circuit, the copse with its new
walkway and the steps up to the many viewing banks made for a Continental-style
course.

"Add to this covered signing-on and numerous large toilet blocks suitable for
changing and it's easy to see the  potential for this venue as a future
championship course," he said.

Results - Seniors: 1, B Holley (Unattached); 2, C Doyle (Unattached); 3, I
Langdon (Cheltenham Cycles); 4, S Chalmers (Chippenham and District Wheelers); 5
Mark Churchill (Gloucester City RC); 6, P Vincent (Unattached); 7, Cass Gilbert
(Unatt); 8, Nigel Copeman (Chippenham and District Wheelers); 9, Andy Smith
(Swindon RC); 10, Stuart Archard (Chippenham and District Wheelers).

Woman:  Cara Coolbaugh (Unattached).

Under-16s: 1, Jake Eddy (Bristol Cycling Development Squad); 2, Craig Archard
(Chippenham and District Wheelers); 3, Luke Prescott (Somer Valley CC).

Under-12s: 1, Mike Charlton (Chippenham and District Wheelers); 2, Stephanie
Higgs (Chippenham and District Wheelers); 3, Alisdair Graham (Chippenham and
District Wheelers).

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 Bristol United Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              991 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                             The New Zealand Herald

                             August 13, 2004 Friday

Cycling: Fans get up close and personal

BYLINE: By EUGENE BINGHAM in Athens

SECTION: SPORT; Olympics; Nzatthegames

LENGTH: 766 words


The crush of the crowd in Sofokleous St was something else, even if the odour
was not.

Squeezed in shoulder-to-shoulder between the beautiful old buildings of the
narrow street near Omonia Square stood heroes of road cycling, star-struck fans
stunned that they could get so close to their idols, and the butchers of the
central markets, their distinctively smelling outlets closed for the afternoon's
proceedings.

By virtue of its skiting about historic links to the Olympics, Athens has
promised that athletes will have first-hand experience of the sights, sounds and
presumably smells on offer in the birthplace of the Games.

The road cyclists due to race over the weekend got their opportunity to sample
what was on offer early yesterday.

Games organisers closed down the 13.2km circuit where the riders will race (the
men for 17 laps, the women for 9) so they could practise and reconnoitre.

The course winds past some of Athens' most picturesque sites, including the
Acropolis, Lykavittos Hill and the Parliament building.

Practice was supposed to get under way about 4pm. But for long after that, the
athletes were stalled in Sofokleous St. Some teams, like the New Zealanders,
were running late, thanks to traffic delays and a few wrong turns.

While the riders waited, the locals gathered close by. The slick-looking French
team were the undoubted crowd favourites, but they took it in their relaxed
Gallic stride.

Richard Virenque, a well-tanned slip of a thing and seven-time winner of the
king of the mountain in the Tour de France, seemed to enjoy the attention of
camera-wielding fans following his every move.

Further down the road, the United States team - minus its giant star, Lance
Armstrong, the Tour de France winner who opted out of the Games - was on edge,
bossed around by an NBC television crew intent on capturing a created moment.

The big teams had arrived on their own in fleets of black Olympic-issue Hyundai
cars. But the smaller teams shared a ride. Iran came with Chile, El Salvador
car-pooled with Guatemala and the Barbados - international co-operation in
action.

Eventually, the police cleared the roads and the riders set off for lap one of
their five practice loops.

Soon after, the New Zealand cars arrived, using Kiwi wiles to convince police to
let them through barricades and park right at the front, in the prime spot.

Coach Garry Bell slipped into tight black riding gear with a blazing silver fern
on the front to accompany the three members of the women's team, Melissa Holt,
Michelle Hyland and Joanne Kiesanowski, all wearing the much more subdued grey
and black team uniform.

Another member of the coaching staff, Jacques Landry, had come to Athens some
time ago and rode the course with a camera strapped to his bike. But this was
the riders' first opportunity to see the course for themselves.

Kiesanowski, ranked 10th in the 2004 World Cup circuit, noticed that it was more
technical than she thought it would be.

Hyland got a pleasant surprise. "I thought it would be hotter than it actually
was."

Bell deemed it a good course. The longest hill was broken up by bends, rather
than being one long drag. And although there were cobblestones along part of the
way, they were smooth.

As for who was looking strong in the women's field, Bell was not committing
himself. "There's probably a bunch of 10 or 12 women who have consistently had
top finishes over all these World Cup races.

"But the Olympics is a different animal - it brings out a different mongrel in
some people and they can just rise to the occasion."

Warren Lister, the high-performance director for BikeNZ, said it was the same in
the men's race, won in 2000 by Russian Viacheslav Ekimov.

"The favourites spend a lot of time watching each other so there is a chance for
others."

Lister said all the New Zealand riders, including Tour de France rider Julian
Dean, who arrived in Athens last night, were fit and strong.

Out on the course, the cheers of the Athenians who lined the streets, even
though it was only a practice run, were a sign that the weekend's racing will be
one of the most popular Games events.

If that, and the views, do not inspire the riders, nothing will.

Road cycling

Tomorrow, 9.45pm (NZ time): Men's road race, Athens City centre featuring Julian
Dean, Heath Blackgrove, Robin Reid, Jeremy Yates

August 15, midnight: Women's road race, Athens City centre featuring Joanne
Kiesanowski, Michelle Hyland, Melissa Holt

August 18, midnight: Men's individual time trial, Vouliagmeni Olympic Centre
featuring Heath Blackgrove

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

          Copyright 2004 The New Zealand Herald.  All Rights Reserved.


                              992 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The Sunday Herald

                                  July 7, 2002

Round-up

SECTION: Pg. 13

LENGTH: 234 words


CYCLING: Falkirk's former French road circuit rider Craig McQueen continued his
comeback with victory in yesterday's 65-mile British Eagle Road Race at
Musselburgh. McQueen who is returning after a two-year break, outsprinted
breakaway partner Chris Cole (Midlothian) to finish three lengths clear in 2h
10m. Fifer Raymond Reidy headed the 20-strong chasing pack home for third 1m 30s
down, with Jo Cavell of the Scottish Cycling Team taking women's victory among
that number.

o Edinburgh's James Taylor won the Cardiff Track Grand Prix 30km points race in
27m 23s.

Athletics: Former Scottish 5,000m champion Christian Nicholson looks to have
failed to prove his fitness to the Commonwealth Games selectors following a
disappointing outing yesterday at the Cork City International Sports. Nicholson
posted a 10,000m qualifying time in Australia earlier this year but subsequent
injury saw the selectors nominating him for Manchester on the basis he could
prove his fitness. Yesterday was the given deadline, but in a fast race won by
Kenya's Willi Kirui in 13m 18.95s, the Anglo Scot finished 19th in 14m 17.79s, a
time that is unlikely to see him gain the selectors' nod.

HILL WALKING: Angela Mudge of Carnethy HRC, Edinburgh, is favourite for a medal
and the only Scot in the eight-strong British team for the inaugural EAA
European Mountain Running Championships in Madeira today.

LOAD-DATE: July 09, 2002

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Paper

                Copyright 2002 Scottish Media Newspapers Limited


                              993 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            June 10, 1981 Wednesday

Australian racer   killed in mishap   on Isle of Man

BYLINE: REUT

LENGTH: 221 words

DATELINE: DOUGLAS, Isle of Man


DOUGLAS, Isle of Man  (Reuter) - Benny Blake, a 32-year-old Australian,
 died instantly when he crashed while going 200 kilometres an hour during
 the senior 500cc race at the Isle of Man Tourist Trophy motorcycle meeting
 yesterday, won by Mick Grant of Britain.

The engine of Blake's motorcycle seized on the fifth of the six-lap
 race and he was thrown off and killed.

Blake is the 129th rider to die on the notorious Tourist Trophy course.
 The 60.75-kilometre mountain circuit is the longest and considered one of
 the most dangerous motorcycling courses in the world.

The course winds over the island's public roads, which twist and turn
 through villages and mountainsides. Hairpin bends and a difficult road
 surface, with ripples and bumps not found on the specially-built racing
 tracks, add to the hazards.

At the 1970 meeting, six riders died; in 1978, the death toll was five.

Grant led from start to finish over the course with an average speed of
 170.8 kmh. Donny Robinson of Northern Ireland was second.

Grant set a record-breaking pace early in the race but was slowed down
 by heavy rain during the closing stages. It was Grant's sixth win on the
 Isle of Man circuit and his second in the senior 500 event.

Defending champion Graeme Crosby of New Zealand retired on the first
 lap after his machine developed mechanical trouble.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1981 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              994 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                      Carlsbad Current-Argus (New Mexico)

                            February 11, 2013 Monday

This cowgirl shares her winning ways

BYLINE: By Martha Mauritson Current-Argus Special Sections

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 985 words


The young woman and the bay horse make a fine pair: both are lithe and athletic
- and ready to move a little faster on this cool winter morning.

The woman is Kirstin Carlson, and she is about to give an impromptu
demonstration of barrel-racing - a rodeo sport at which she has excelled. And
her good-looking mount called Gomer bears testimony to Carlson's skill as a
trainer of barrel horses.

In the arena set up at her home south of Loving, she has already taken him
through a series of movements she calls "checking my power steering": with a
gentle touch on the reins, she turns his head right, then left, then up and
down. They walk forward, stop and back up a few steps. Gomer responds to each of
his rider's commands, and now the two are picking up the pace a little.

There won't be any break-neck race to the finish line today, but they will move
quickly through the cloverleaf pattern of the three barrels just as Gomer has
learned.

Horses like the familiar; they feel better in the routine they know.

"When you first take them to a barrel race, they are really nervous," Carlson
explains. "So by having the same routine whether we're at home or at a rodeo, it
helps them."

The lady's a champion

Carlson knows what she's talking about. She was a three-time qualifier for the
Professional Rodeo Cowboy Association and the Women's Professional Rodeo
Association Turquoise circuit finals. That meant she was one of the top 12 women
from that circuit, the only ones allowed to compete in the championship final.

Her best showing was in 2008, when she finished the year in third place in the
New Mexico-Arizona circuit

"And second was a three-time world champion," she recalls.

Carlson has won dozens of individual rodeos and a number of open championships.
So she has a prodigious collection of trophies, ranging from belt buckles to
saddles.

As she and Gomer gain speed with each trip around the barrels, a big horse comes
to the fence and watches Gomer's progress from the pasture across the little
dirt road.

Later, Carlson explains that the interested equine is Wizard, the horse on which
she won many of her titles.

He's 18 now and semi-retired. He also is the horse on which Carlson's
stepdaughter is learning to race barrels. Wizard is still a fast, powerful
horse, and he loves it when he gets to go again.

An expert in every way

Carlson is not shy with the word "champion." Her business cards read "Casa de
Caballo." "Raising & Training Champions," the next line proclaims.

As we say in the West, "It ain't braggin' if you can do it." And it looks like
Carlson knows all about the business of champions. The fact that her husband and
business partner, Jay Jenkins, is a bank president brings additional business
acumen.

With a keen eye for horseflesh, she has already raised and sold several colts
that are potential winners for their new owners. And with her competitive
experience, she is more than able to teach young riders the ins and outs of
barrel racing.

In the pasture north of the barrel arena, eight horses come to meet Carlson and
the stranger with the camera and notepad. There is a pregnant mare and a couple
of young colts who will be 2 years old this year. There is a former race horse,
which seems to dislike running in a pack. With his speed, Carlson thinks she can
make him a fine barrel horse.

She mentions a couple of 2-year-olds she sold at a barrel horse prospect sale
back in November.

A third young horse is with another trainer, getting started under the saddle -
a job Carlson does not like.

"I will take them once they're started and teach them the barrel pattern and run
them, but I'm not a big fan of getting bucked off."

This year Hope and Twister and Grace will start under saddle.

"As soon as they come back, they get started with barrels." Carlson says.

All in the family

She is aware of the warning not to get emotionally attached to horses she works
with.

"But these are part of the family, especially the ones who were born here," she
says.

Hugo was the first horse Carlson and Jenkins bred and raised themselves.

"Nobody thought I'd ever sell him," she recalls. "But I trained him, and I sold
him."

The horse was sold in 2010, to a teen in Lea County. The first month, he and his
young rider went to a prestigious championship rodeo that attracts youth riders
from all over the country. They placed well and won some money.

That summer (the girl) won rookie of the year for the Texas Cowboy's
Association.

Unable to ride last year, the girl sent Hugo to a pro barrel racer in Hobbs
whose regular horse was injured. She and the Carlson horse won the TCRA finals
this year, just the start of a winning streak.

"My biggest advantage is that I have had the opportunity to ride some really
nice, winning horses," Carlson says. "I know what I'm looking for, and I know
what a good horse feels like."

In fact, that is always her goal - how to get that winning feel from the horses
she's training.

The start

"I competed for the first time when I was 10 years old," Carlson says.

And through her younger years, she participated in junior rodeo along with the
4-H and FFA activities taken up by most ranch and farm kids.

It was 2005 when she purchased her pro rodeo permit.

"When you get into the pros you have to win $1,000 on your permit before you can
get your card," Carlson explains.

She had entered about five rodeos when she first got her permit. With a bad case
of nerves and some bad runs behind her, Carlson went to the big Santa Fe Rodeo.

Thanks to her lowly status as a permit holder rather than a card-carrying pro,
she was the very last to make her run.

"Everything just clicked and we made a smoking run," she says.

In fact, she and Wizard came in second and made $1,200, which filled her permit
and helped her go on and place in several more pro rodeos.

As a measure of her success, she qualified for circuit finals in her rookie
year, and ended the season being named runner-up rookie of the year.

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Kirstin Carlson puts on some speed as she works with Gomer, a horse
that she is training for the sport of barrel racing.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2013 Carlsbad Current-Argus, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              995 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                       Sunshine Coast Daily (Queensland)

                            April 25, 2012 Wednesday

Gun rider makes a name for herself in the US

SECTION: Pg. 22

LENGTH: 243  words


MOVING away from your parents at a young age can be scary, but not so for
16-year-old Chelsea Bartlett.

The Tewantin resident and Noosa Christian College student has grown up around
horses and been a passionate rider from the age of six.

She began competing three years later and has made a name for herself not only
in Australia but on the American circuit as one of the best barrel racers for
her age.

By winning a barrel racing competition in 2009, she qualified to represent the
Australian National Barrel Horse Association in Jackson, Mississippi. The
following year she competed against 1070 riders in the world youth event and
came in fifth.

Chelsea has been living on and off in America since 2010. She has competed in
many other barrel-racing competitions, making it to the open world finals and
the all-American finals.

She returned to America after spending Christmas on the Coast with her family
and was excited to get back on her horses.

"I can tell you that it is going very well over here this year so far for me,"
she said. "I just got back here after spending Christmas back in Australia and
this year has been great already."

Chelsea's mum, Sue, said it was hard to send her youngest daughter to America.

"She was only 15 when she first went over," she said. "It was a big decision to
send her there as no one had had that opportunity before from Australia."

Chelsea is expected to return to the Coast in August while the American circuit
has a break.

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SCN


                    Copyright 2012 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              996 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                      The Range News (Maleny, Queensland)

                                 March 29, 2012

MX season roars off at Green Park circuit;
MOTOCROSS

SECTION: Pg. 49

LENGTH: 186  words


THE 2012 MX Nationals will roar into life at the picturesque Green Park
Conondale Motocross Circuit on Sunday, April 1.

Round one of this Australian Championship returns to Conondale, a high-speed,
natural terrain circuit many rate as the best in Australia, after a four year
hiatus.

The 2012 series promises to be the most hotly contested in many years with pro
riders returning from the USA and Europe to compete, including reigning British
Champion Brad Anderson, World Championship contender Josh Coppins and former
Aussie champ Dan Reardon.

Reigning Australian champion Jay Marmont, has switched to team Kawasaki for the
new season and all the front runners are fit and rearing to go for the opening
round.

The Sunshine Coast Motor Cycle Club has gone all out with track preparation
building several massive new jumps which will test the riders and thrill the
spectators.

Racing starts at 9am on Sunday morning and the event will be catered with a bar
in place.

Admission is $30 for adults and $15 for children under 15. Green Park is located
16km along Maleny- Kenilworth Road with signage from Maleny and Kenilworth.

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SRN


                    Copyright 2012 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved
