
                             501 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              DAILY MAIL (London)

                                February 6, 1998

A long wait for that place in the country

BYLINE: James Hopegood

SECTION: Pg. 62

LENGTH: 1050 words


TRADITIONAL rural jobs may be in decline, but pressure is on for the green belt
to yield space to new homes. Fewer people are working on the land as farms merge
into bigger holdings and young people increasingly opt for jobs elsewhere.

Yet pressure for homes in the countryside is growing. Since the Seventies,
thousands of people have been moving from urban to rural areas each year, says
the Council for the Protection of Rural England.

This trend is fuelled by the search for a better quality of life away from urban
pollution and crime, and by a growing number of firms moving out of cities.

As a result the housing shortage is so acute that the Government is proposing
4.4 million new homes by 2016 - many on greenfield sites.

BUT HOMES and buildings that could ease this shortage are being denied to people
moving to the countryside because of planning laws restricting who can live in
them.

Many rural properties are bound by so-called 'agricultural restrictions',
planning permission allowing occupation only by agricultural or forestry
workers.

Buildings such as barns that are often converted into homes may also have
restrictions on use.

While it makes no sense for many properties to have such restrictions, it is
often difficult to get them removed by local authority planning departments.

Further problems come as some lenders will not give mortgages because they fear
problems reselling such properties if repossessed.

Though some lenders, such as Norwich & Peterborough Building Society, Abbey
National and Woolwich, will grant loans.

Woolwich says borrowers must have deposits of at least 50 pc and it must be sure
they comply with any restrictions on the property.

To get rid of a restriction, councils often insist that owners wanting to sell
such a home advertise the property for as long as five years to ensure there are
no other people in the area who qualify for it.

This has to be done at a price reflecting the restriction, usually one-third off
the normal value.

Once that has been done - the length of time it has to be marketed varies from
council to council - you can then apply to have the restriction lifted.

It should then take a couple of months.

You may also be able to get rid of a restriction if it has not been enforced for
at least ten years.

South Norfolk Council requires properties to be marketed for only one year.

That is generous and up to five years is more usual, says David Rolinson at
Leeds-based planning consultancy Smallforth Planning Associates.

Mr Rolinson says anyone wanting to convert an agricultural building, such as a
barn or farm outhouse, also has to make sure there is no demand for use as a
factory unit or workshop. He says a building will often be tied into one use for
five years and councils are often unwilling to allow alternatives.

Mike Haslam, chairman of the Royal Town Planning Institute professional
activities committee, says: 'These conditions are often redundant because of the
decline in agricultural employment.

'Most local authorities have established mechanisms for dealing with properties
where this need has disappeared.'

EIGHT-YEAR BATTLE TO BUILD HOUSE

VAL MASON (left) has been trying for the past eight years to get permission to
build a house on her farm in Redruth in Cornwall, where she raises horses.

The problem 43-year-old Val has is that the council does not accept that this is
a proper agricultural pursuit.

She originally applied to convert two barns, but this was turned down and Val
was told she could live in a mobile home and see whether the business, started
five years earlier, worked.

It has, but the council has told her she can have neither a mobile nor a
permanent home on her land.

Val is now waiting for the outcome of an appeal to the Department of the
Environment.

She says: 'They are now saying I cannot have a mobile home or a dwelling because
there is insufficient agricultural justification.'

Crypt factor for the living

DOES life in the cells or a permanent place in a crypt appeal to you? If so, you
could be in the market for a property conversion.

Forget barn and loft conversions. An increasing number of unusual properties
such as deconsecrated churches and former police stations are for sale.

Timothy Lawrence, of Lawrence & Co in Hythe, Kent, has a former police station
on his books for just under $180,000. He says that cutbacks in recent years mean
such properties are not as scarce as they once were.

He says converting these buildings for residential use is often easier than for
business purposes. But

planning permission still has to be sought from the local council.

Living in a church need not be a chilling experience because it can be divided
up into a number of rooms with more than one floor, so the heating is usually
efficient, says Lachie MacDonald, of GA Property Services.

He has two churches in the Highlands for sale. One is partly converted and costs
$39,000. The other, five miles from Elgin, Moray, has been fully converted into
a five-bedroom home, and is on sale for $179,000.

But, says Mr MacDonald, anyone wanting to live in a church may find the building
is listed, limiting the changes that can be made.

HOMING IN ON HOPEFUL BUYERS

YOU can't fool all of the people all of the time. That's the message from a
survey asking homebuyers what attracts them most to a property.

Almost 70 pc of buyers reckon location is the most critical issue, says the
latest Moving Intentions Survey from Legal & General.

Yet four out of ten homeowners think putting fresh flowers around the home when
a potential buyers is viewing it will actually sway them. However, the survey
shows that one in ten will fall for this ruse.

Hot on the heels of the traditional cry of 'location, location and location' as
the major factor in deciding whether to buy comes general cleanliness for six
out of ten buyers.

The same number are swayed by how close the shops are.

Over half of house hunters can be put off by neighbours, 44 pc by poor local
transport and four out of ten by a garden's untidiness.

Three in ten sellers think the smell of fresh coffee is a surefire tactic,
though only 7 pc of buyers say this could convince them.


LOAD-DATE: February 9, 1998

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: RURAL RETREAT: A CONVERTED CHURCH NEAR ELGIN FOR SALE AT 179,000

PUB-TYPE: Paper

                   Copyright 1998 Associated Newspapers Ltd.


                             502 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 12, 2014 Friday

Agriculture, Rural Housing Service: Loan Assistant/Loan Specialist (Realty)
KY-2014-0009MP

LENGTH: 2635  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of Personnel Management has issued the following job announcement:

Job Title:Loan Assistant/Loan Specialist (Realty)

Department:Department Of Agriculture

Agency:Agriculture, Rural Housing Service

Job Announcement Number:KY-2014-0009MP
SALARY RANGE:
 $39,179.00 to $62,297.00 / Per Year
OPEN PERIOD:
 Friday, September 12, 2014 to Monday, September 22, 2014
SERIES & GRADE:
 GS-1165-07/09
POSITION INFORMATION:
 Full-Time - Permanent
PROMOTION POTENTIAL:
09
DUTY LOCATIONS:
 1 vacancy - Madisonville, KY View Map
WHO MAY APPLY:
 Current career, career-conditional USDA Rural Development KY Employees only and
current CTAP eligibles within the local commuting area of this position(s).
SECURITY CLEARANCE:
 Q - Nonsensitive
SUPERVISORY STATUS:
 Yes
JOB SUMMARY:

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural Development Agency serves rural
communities throughout the country by investing in their communities through
housing and utility infrastructure, by increasing economic opportunity, and by
improving the quality of life for all rural Americans.  Rural Development
provides over 40 loan and grant programs in the Rural Housing and Community
Facilities Services, Rural Business and Cooperative Services, and Rural
Utilities Service. Rural Development supports a positive work environment and
promotes diversity and inclusion for nearly 5,000 employees.

Rural Development is a dynamic organization recruiting for employees who possess
the energy, compassion, and commitment to serve those in rural communities and
will enjoy working in a fast paced and results driven organization.  Our
commitment is to expand economic opportunity and quality of life in all of rural
America by providing financial programs to support essential public facilities
and services such as water and sewer systems, housing, health clinics, emergency
service facilities and electric and telephone service.  Rural Development offers
a friendly and professional working environment and such excellent benefits as:
a generous salary, alternative work schedules, paid vacation and sick leave,
paid holidays, retirement and supplemental savings plan, a wide array of health,
dental, vision, and life insurance plans, flexible spending accounts, and
long-term care insurance.

This is a permanent position.
TRAVEL REQUIRED

25% or Greater
    Travel to conduct Loan Specialist duties

RELOCATION AUTHORIZED

No

KEY REQUIREMENTS

US Citizenship is required.
    Selective Service Registration is required for males born after 12/31/1959.
    No relocation expenses will be paid.
    Must meet time-in-grade by the closing of the announcement.
    Financial Disclosure Required (OGE-450).

DUTIES:
Back to top

This position is located in a USDA Rural Development Area Office in Kentucky.
The overall objective of the Area Office is to provide credit and technical
assistance to rural people, business concerns, and commnities within the
geographic limits of the office.  The Area Specialist is responsible for
assisting the Area Director (AD) and higher grade specialists in implementing
rural development activities throughout the jurisdictional area that are the
responsibility of the Area Office.
QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED:
Back to top

Specialized Experience is any experience that equipped the applicant with the
particular competencies to successfully perform the duties of the position, and
that is typically in or related to the work of the position to be filled.
Experience may have been gained in such work as reviewing and passing upon
applications for agricultural, commercial, bank or mortgage loans; servicing a
loan portfolio of a bank or other loan association; performing financial
analysis of commercial concerns for investment purposes or similar work.

Examples of Specialized Experience at the GS-7 level: Basic knowledge of loan
examining and/or servicing principles, procedures and techniques as they apply
to investigation, analysis and evaluation of financial factors and credit risks
in relation to granting and servicing mortgage loans. Experience may have been
gained in work equivalent to furnishing general information concerning loan
programs, loan eligibility requirements, financial and credit requirements;
reviewing loan applications for eligibility and financial soundness, and
analyzing information provided and making recommendations to a higher loan
specialist regarding loan eligibility.

Examples of Specialized Experience at the GS-9 level: Experience demonstrating a
working knowledge of realty, commercial, community and/or other types of
technical loans; competence in reviewing loan application packages for
commercial, bank and/or mortgage loans and taking action within delegated loan
approval authority; competence servicing a loan portfolio of a bank, rural
development or loan association, or similar work.


Qualification Standards Handbook for GS-1165 series apply:

GS-1165-09 - 1 year specialized experience equivalent to a GS-07 OR 2 full years
of progressively higher level graduate education (such as L.L.B. or J.D.)

GS-1165-07 - 1 year specialized experience equivalent to a GS-05 OR 1 full year
of graduate level education or superior academic achievement.

o  Must possess and maintain a valid driver's license.
o  Travel will be required.
HOW YOU WILL BE EVALUATED:

You will be evaluated based on your qualifications for this position as
evidenced by the education, experience, and training you described in your
application package, as well as the responses to the Occupational Questionnaire
to determine the degree to which you possess the knowledge, skills, abilities
and competencies listed below:
        Knowledge of Single Family Housing loan making requirements.
        Knowledge of Single Family Housing servicing requirements such as credit
counseling, security servicing, debt adjustment, inventory property or other
servicing requirements.
        Knowledge of Single Family Housing building construction standards and
costs, plans and specifications, cost estimates and contracts and inspections.
        Ability to Communicate orally
        Ability to Communicate in writing.
    We will review your application, including the online Occupational
Questionnaire, to ensure you meet the job requirements and assess your ability
to perform this job. Before any certificate can be issued to the selecting
official, the resume and supporting documents are reviewed by an HR Specialist
to ensure that (a) minimum qualification requirements are met and (b) the resume
supports the answers provided to the job-specific questions. Your answers will
be verified against information provided in your online resume and application.
Be sure that your resume clearly supports your responses to all the questions
addressing experience and education relevant to this position.
    Applicants who meet the basic minimum qualification requirements and are
determined to be among the best qualified candidates will be referred to the
hiring manager for consideration. Non-Competitive candidates need to meet
minimum qualification requirements to be referred.

Note: If, after reviewing your resume and / or supporting documentation, a
determination is made that you have inflated your qualifications and or
experience, your score can / will be lowered to more accurately reflect the
submitted documentation. Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or
omissions may affect your rating. Deliberate attempts to falsify information may
be grounds for not selecting you.

To view the application form, visit:
https://rhs.usda.ntis.gov/cp/?event=jobs.previewApplication&jobid=bb8eaee5-7a66-
488e-88c4-a39d00d6c05f

BENEFITS:
Back to top

You can review our benefits at:
http://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/healthcare/enrollment/new-federal-employ
ee-enrollment/
The Federal Government offers a comprehensive benefits package.  Explore the
major benefits offered to most Federal employees at:
http://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/healthcare/enrollment/new-federal-employ
ee-enrollment/

OTHER INFORMATION:
o  If you are selected for a position with further promotion potential, you will
be placed under a career development plan, and may be non-competitively promoted
if you successfully complete the requirements and if recommended by management.
However, promotion is neither implied nor guaranteed.
o  BACKGROUND INVESTIGATION AND FINGERPRINT CHECK:  Selection and retention in
this position is contingent on a successfully adjudicated FBI National Criminal
History Check (fingerprint check) and a background investigation.
o  Career Transition Assistance Plan(CTAP):   If you are claiming CTAP
eligibility, provide proof of eligibility to include your most recent
performance appraisal, SF-50, and proof of eligibility such as a RIF separation
notice or letter from OPM/your agency.  CTAP eligibles will be considered
well-qualified if achieving a rating of 88 or above.  Information about CTAP
eligibility is on OPM's Career Transition Resources website at
http://www.opm.gov/ctap/index.asp.
o  This position is eligible for telework and other flexible work arrangements.
Employee participation is at the discretion of the supervisor.
o  Relocation expenses are not authorized.
HOW TO APPLY:
Back to top

Please read the entire announcement and all the instructions before you begin.
The following instructions outline our application process.

You must complete this application process and submit all required documents
electronically by 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time (ET) on the closing date of this
announcement.
    We are available to assist you during business hours (normally 8:00 a.m. -
4:00 p.m., Monday - Friday). Applying online is highly encouraged. If applying
online poses a hardship, please contact our office during business hours well
before the closing date for an alternate method. All hardship application
packages with supporting documents must be submitted no later than noon on the
closing date of the announcement in order to be entered into the system prior to
its closing.
    This agency provides reasonable accommodation to applicants with
disabilities on a case-by-case basis; contact us if you are requesting this.

Step 1: Create a USAJOBS account (if you do not have one) at www.usajobs.gov. It
is recommended that as part of your profile you set up automatic email
notification to be informed when the status of your application changes. If you
choose not to set up this automatic notification, then you will have to log into
your USAJOBS account to check on the status of your application.


Step 2: Create a resume with USAJOBS or upload a resume into your USAJOBS
account. Customize your resume to ensure it documents duties and accomplishments
you have gained that are directly related to this position in order to verify
that qualifications are met. Your resume must support your responses to the
online questionnaire (you may preview the online questionnaire by clicking on
the link at the end of the How You Will Be Evaluated section of the job
announcement).

Step 3: Click "Apply Online" and follow the prompts to complete the Occupational
Questionnaire and attach any additional documents that may be required.
You can update your application or documents anytime while the announcement is
open. Log into your USAJOBS account and click on "Application Status." Click on
the position title, and then select "Update Application" to continue.
NOTE: Verify that uploaded documents from USAJOBs transfer into the Agency's
staffing system. Once in the Agency's staffing system you will have the
opportunity to upload additional documents. Uploaded documents must be less than
3MB and in one of the following document formats: GIF, JPG, JPEG, PNG, RTF, PDF,
or Word (DOC or DOCX).


REQUIRED DOCUMENTS:

A resume should be provided.  It should include relevant work experience
(start/end dates stated in month/year, description of duties and salary),
applicable education at a minimum, and your contact information.  For current
Federal employees, it should also include the Pay Plan, Series and Grade for
each work experience entry.
    For current Federal employees, please attach a copy of your most recent
SF-50, agency Notification of Personnel action form that provides current
position, grade level, and duty location.
    Please provide a copy of your College Transcript(s) which support those
qualifications for which you wish to have considered.

A complete Application Package must be submitted and received prior to 11:59,
ET, on the closing date. The following documents are required for your
application package to be complete. Our office cannot be responsible for
incompatible software, illegible fax transmissions, delays in the mail service,
your system failure or downtime, etc. Failure to submit required, legible
documents may result in loss of consideration.

Resume that includes the following information: 1) personal information; 2)
education; 3) work experience including the work schedule and hours worked per
week as well as dates of employment; and title, series and grade if applicable;
4) supervisor's phone number and e-mail address for each work period listed and
whether or not we may contact them for reference checks; and, 5) other
qualifications.
    College Transcripts if education is required for meeting basic
qualifications and/or used as a substitute for specialized experience. An
unofficial copy is sufficient however, if selected; an official college
transcript will be required prior to entering on duty. Education must have been
successfully completed and obtained from an accredited school, college, or
university. Foreign education must be evaluated by an approved organization. For
additional information, refer to the U.S. Department of Education web site at
http://www.ed.gov. All transcripts must be in English or include an English
translation.

Other required documents as applicable:

Current Career/Career-Conditional: Most recent non-award Notification of
Personnel Action (SF-50 or equivalent) showing that you are in the competitive
service, highest grade (or promotion potential) held on a permanent basis,
federal status, position title, series and grade AND most recently completed
performance appraisal (dated within 18 months) showing the official rating of
record, signed by the supervisor, or a statement as to why the performance
appraisal is unavailable. Do not submit a performance plan.
    CTAP: Certification of Expected Separation, Reduction-In-Force Separation
Notice, Notice of Proposed Removal, or appropriate OPM/Agency certification; AND
most recent performance evaluation; AND SF-50 demonstrating your separation or
the position from which you will be separated.

AGENCY CONTACT INFO:
Cheri Gaudinier
Phone: 859-224-7313
Fax: 1-855-661-8334
Email: cheri.gaudinier@ky.usda.gov
Agency Information:
USDA Rural Development
771 Corporate Drive; Suite 200
Lexington, KY,
40503
US
Fax: 1-855-661-8334
WHAT TO EXPECT NEXT:
If you set up your USAJOBS account to send automatic email notifications, you
will receive an email acknowledging: 1) the submission of your online
Occupational Questionnaire and resume was successful,  2) if you were referred
to the selecting official for consideration, and  3) if you were selected or not
selected. If you choose not to set up automatic email notifications, you must
check your USAJOBS account for the latest status of your application. Your
application may be reviewed to verify that you meet the qualifications and
eligibility requirements for the position prior to issuing lists to a selecting
official. If further evaluation or interviews are required, you will be
contacted. Normally, a final job offer to the selected candidate is made within
30-60 days after the issuance of the certificate.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             503 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     March 8, 1986, Saturday, Final Edition

SHAPING THE CITY;
Tale of 6 Md. Cities Has Happy Ending for Elderly

BYLINE: By Roger K. Lewis; Roger K. Lewis teaches architecture at the University
of Maryland and is a practicing architect.

SECTION: Real Estate; F12

LENGTH: 1336 words


Once upon a time, the Department of Housing and Urban Development made lots of
low-interest, long-term mortgage loans to nonprofit sponsors for the
construction of housing projects for the elderly -- the so-called Section 202
direct-loan program.

With rental assistance payments under another HUD program, nonprofit sponsors
could provide housing accommodations for needy elderly tenants at below-market
rental levels.

On Maryland's Upper Eastern Shore -- Cecil, Kent, Queen Anne's, Caroline and
Talbot counties -- Upper Shore Aging Inc. (USA) managed nutrition and
transportation programs for the elderly under a special state charter. In 1977,
USA applied for and received a Section 202 fund reservation of $3.75 million to
develop 130 units of housing, its first venture into building.

However, USA's approach was unusual. It wanted to distribute the units in six
towns -- Perryville, Cecilton, Chestertown, Sudlersville, Greensboro and St.
Michaels.

An article about the project published by the Urban Land Institute in its 1983
book, Housing for a Maturing Population, noted that "the heart of the sponsor's
sociological and political strategy was to develop small, intimate minivillages
in several existing communities to which elderly residents had strong familial,
social and religious ties."

But the article also pointed out that "it was obvious to all, and especially to
HUD, that this strategy posed serious questions of economic feasibility.
Clearly, the most cost-effective and logistically simple plan would have been to
construct all 130 units together in a few buildings on one site."

Nevertheless, the sponsor was convinced, and HUD initially agreed, that a
typical 130-unit apartment building project would fit poorly into these historic
Maryland towns. Detached houses -- some humble, some stately -- characterize
these rural communities. Their streets are lined by homes clad in brick or
clapboard siding with porches and gable roofs, dormers and chimneys,
neoclassical cornices and low garden fences. The fabric of these towns, while
venerable and charming, is fragile.

Fortunately, small and affordable sites were available in each town, and all had
reasonable access to nearby commercial facilities for convenience shopping.

The architectural challenge was clear. On the one hand, buildings had to be
designed to meet stringent, legally defined budget limitations and HUD "minimum
property standards." On the other hand, there was a compelling mandate to create
an appropriate aesthetic image, one that would be compatible with the existing
townscapes and, at the same time, provide an accommodating domestic environment
for the elderly.

The design concept envisioned a small, one-story prototype building -- a "quad"
-- containing four side-by-side, one-bedroom apartments of about 575 square feet
each. In turn, quads could be clustered around a kind of "village green." The
size, geometry and orientation of the cluster arrangement could respond to the
particularities of the sites in each town.

At all six sites, communal facilities -- laundry room, meeting room, manager's
office -- were required. Sidewalks crisscrossed the landscaped village greens to
interconnect quads and communal facilities; walks also led to limited on-site
parking and abutted public sidewalks and streets.

The quad was designed to look like a big house. Each of the four apartments,
stretching from front to back, had its own porch on the living/dining/kitchen
side facing the green. Bedrooms on the opposite side had sliding glass doors
leading to side and rear yard areas. A ridged roof, hipped at the four corners,
served to unify visually the overall form of the quad building. In a reversal of
customary material usage, and for budgetary reasons, the on-grade porches were
framed by brick piers and lintels, while the building proper was covered with
aluminum siding, the color of which could be varied.

A total of 27 quad buildings, plus five community buildings, were to be built.
Perryville's site necessitated a special, two-story walkup building. Thus Upper
Shore Aging had to build 33 buildings containing 130 units in six geographically
scattered locations, all at the same time. The hope was that by using a
repeatable prototype, the economies of standardization would offset the
increased costs and inefficiencies of dispersal.

As it turned out, perseverance and extra money, in addition to hope, were
needed; the project came close to dying several deaths before it was realized.

Although conceived by USA and funded by HUD as one project, it had to be treated
as six separate projects with six mortgages, six sets of construction documents,
six appraisals, six separate initial and final closings . . . six of everything.
This greatly increased overhead costs and processing time, complicated
scheduling and magnified design and construction efforts. Further, the scattered
site approach, despite unified ownership, resulted in redundant property
management operations at each project site. All of these continually threatened
to make the project economically unfeasible both to build and manage.

Cost extras, especially for unforeseen site work, exceeded original budget
allocations. Yet HUD balked frequently at allowing contingency funds to be used,
and it refused to allow savings to be transferred from site to site or between
previously approved line-item allocations. For example, Chestertown's project
cost $30,000 less than budgeted, but this savings could not be reallocated to
cover site work overruns at Greensboro.

Delays in processing by various governmental authorities continually delayed the
start of construction. Labor and material prices were rising monthly, pushing
the project's projected construction cost above statutory limits. At one point,
when architectural and engineering drawings were nearly completed, the sponsor
discovered that it had miscalculated the construction budget. As designed, the
project couldn't be built. Only after the architects, engineers, contractor and
sponsor agreed to make cost cutting (but concept conserving) revisions in the
design and specifications could the project again proceed -- but delayed even
further.

When finally completed, $4,009,500 had been spent, about $31,000 per unit. This
included all development costs: land, construction, architectural and
engineering fees, loan interest, permits, insurance, miscellaneous consultants
and general overhead. Only $250,000 above the original 1977 allocation, this 6.7
percent cost increase over a three-year period of high inflation seems
remarkable.

The units were rented almost immediately. Tenant waiting lists were needed. To
choose occupants from among the pool of qualified applicants, a locally based
selection committee was formed and included citizens and government officials,
senior citizen group representatives, clergy and the developer.

Today, tenants continue to express satisfaction with USA's concept. Although
small, apartments seem like "bright little houses" with their separate
entrances, big windows and rooms filled with memorabilia. Residents and visitors
enjoy the communal spaces, the intimate village greens shaped by the quads and
the front porches on which they can sit and socialize. Many plant and care for
flowers, shrubs and vegetables.

Passing through town you might not even notice these small-scale minivillages.
The largest, at Chestertown, contains 30 units; the smallest, at Sudlersville,
contains only 16. Yet densities are relatively high -- Sudlersville's four
quads, community building and parking occupy less than an acre.

This project exists only because of the unrelenting persistence of everyone
involved. But it was often frustrating. Some officials were so wedded to
regulations and don't-trust-anyone thinking that, when faced with an atypical
yet meritorious proposal, their first reaction automatically was to say "No!"
Happily, those who believed in "Yes" prevailed.

NEXT: Middle-density housing.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1986 The Washington Post


                             504 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              May 13, 2011 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

In Alabama, Storms Leave A Scramble For Housing

BYLINE: By KIM SEVERSON; Robbie Brown contributed reporting from Atlanta.

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; National Desk; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 1117 words


TUSCALOOSA, Ala. -- In the tornado-torn rural stretches and cities of the South,
the scope and size of a newly homeless population are beginning to sink in.

There are as yet no solid estimates of the number of people who need places to
live, although it surely will be more than 10,000, federal and state emergency
officials say. And many of them are poor, working class or elderly -- those most
at risk of becoming permanently homeless.

''It's that middle group that was fragile, perhaps living paycheck to paycheck,
who have now lost their homes and their jobs,'' said Kim Burgo, vice president
for disaster operations for Catholic Charities USA, which is working to feed and
shelter victims.

Of particular concern are older people in the rural communities, where a third
of the population is 65 or older and resources are slim.

''These are folks who have put their whole heart and soul into their homes,''
Ms. Burgo said. ''They may or may not have insurance. What do they do? They
might be living with their son or daughter now, but how long is that going to
last?''

In Tuscaloosa, the largest urban area hit, the battle looks a little different.
It is a scramble for apartments that do not exist and a wait for checks from the
government. And everywhere, it is a growing test of patience.

At a Red Cross Shelter, Niki and Courtney Eberhart have awakened in a sea of a
hundred cots filled with strangers for 16 days now.

They roust their two teenage children for school, then start looking at
apartments in anticipation of a Federal Emergency Management Agency check they
think will be about $3,500.

''We're finding stuff we like, but three bedrooms for $1,200? That's
ridiculous,'' said Mrs. Eberhart, 40. ''I can't afford that.''

Shirley Baker's mother and reluctantly gracious stepfather took her in after the
April tornadoes destroyed the Tuscaloosa basement apartment she shared with her
granddaughter. But no one in the house is thrilled at the prospect of a
long-term stay.

''I'm 54 years old,'' Ms. Baker said. ''I don't like to take advantage of
people, but I can't afford to be picky.''

She has been hunting for an apartment, using tips from friends and the FEMA Web
site. But so far, every place she has looked at had been rented by the time she
got to them.

And, like tens of thousands of other people in the South, she is waiting for a
check from FEMA.

Nearly 66,000 people in Alabama, Georgia, Mississippi and Tennessee have
registered for help with the agency, which has delivered $65.7 million in aid so
far. Most requests are in Alabama. Someone who has lost a home can get as much
as $30,200 for help with everything from rebuilding to paying for funerals. But
in reality, most people will not get the full amount.

Checks are determined by market rent, insurance and other factors. In the four
Southern states hit hardest by the tornadoes, checks are averaging a little more
than $4,300, according to the agency.

And some people do not get anything. Tiffany Wood's house in Pleasant Grove,
Ala., near Birmingham was smashed beyond recognition. She has insurance, but she
was turned down for federal aid.

''She has nothing but some clothes, and they absolutely gave her nothing but the
offer of a loan,'' said her mother, Vicki Wood, who, like countless other
mothers in the South, suddenly has her daughter back under her roof.

''We're on top of each other, but we can't complain,'' she said.

In Tuscaloosa, at least 5,000 homes and apartments were heavily damaged or lost
completely in a city of 93,000 residents, according to a city estimate.

State and city inspectors spent the week combing the city, trying to determine
how much foreclosed or vacant housing was available, what could be repaired, and
just how many people might truly be left without somewhere to live.

Shaun Donovan, secretary of the federal Department of Housing and Urban
Development, has suggested using existing stock and foreclosed property combined
with low-cost loans to house everyone who needs it in urban areas. But Mayor
Walter Maddox of Tuscaloosa is not so sure.

''I don't think you're going to find enough available stock, but I hope I'm
wrong,'' he said. ''What I want to see from FEMA is measurable goals and
objectives.''

Just to be on the safe side, Mr. Maddox has identified 12 sites around the city
with sewer and water hookups that might be suitable for FEMA mobile homes.

Wherever the housing comes from, it will not be anything like the 120,000
trailers the agency bought to house victims of Hurricanes Katrina and Rita, said
Craig Fugate, the FEMA administrator.

Those trailers, which leaked so much formaldehyde that people became sick, were
meant as temporary housing but instead turned into de facto housing projects
filled with people who could not find permanent homes. Still, temporary housing
in a new batch of FEMA trailers may be the only solution in rural communities,
Mr. Fugate said.

Federal officials are trying to build on other lessons learned from Hurricane
Katrina. They want to keep people as close to home as possible. That might not
mean the same street, but it could mean the same town or something very close
by.

The agency is also enforcing stronger requirements for identification --
something that is frustrating people in shelters who have none -- that are
intended to help curb both the mistakes in handing out aid and the fraud that
plagued the government after Hurricane Katrina. And the housing and emergency
management agencies are working closely to make sure victims do not have to go
through multiple layers of bureaucracy when they apply for aid, Mr. Fugate said.

That was the case for the Eberharts, who were lucky enough to find a copy of
their lease and met a FEMA inspector at their ruined apartment three days after
the storm. They hope to piece things together with federal aid and help from a
fund at the Olive Garden restaurant where they work. But of course, they have to
find an apartment first.

''There's literally no stock whatsoever,'' said Travis Mackey with the Space
Hunters, an apartment locator service.

Complicating matters is the annual spring migration of University of Alabama
students from dormitories to apartments and the flood of people who just want an
apartment for a month or two so they can rebuild.

There are higher-end places available, but they are out of reach for many of the
working-class people whose neighborhoods took the most damage, Mr. Mackey said.

And people want to live close to their neighborhoods so their children can still
go to the same schools.

''It's hard when you get a call from someone who said, 'I've just lost
everything and I need to start over,' and you know there just isn't much
availability out there,'' Mr. Mackey said.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: Courtney Eberhart, his wife, Niki, and their two children have
been living in a Red Cross shelter for more than two weeks while looking for a
new home.
 Shirley Baker, 54, lost her Tuscaloosa apartment in the storms and has moved in
with her mother, but no one wants the situation to be long-term. (PHOTOGRAPHS BY
RICH ADDICKS FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 The New York Times Company


                             505 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                           January 13, 2007 Saturday
                                  All Editions

Some assembly required;
As Millinocket cabinetmaking business builds financing and steps into the
showroom, Katahdin region looks to branch out

BYLINE: NICK SAMBIDES JR. OF THE NEWS STAFF

SECTION: Pg. B1

LENGTH: 1350 words


Wanted: master cabinetmakers.

Now that Michael J. Brown Cabinet Makers LLC has secured a $275,000 loan and
moved into its new home - a former Ford dealership on Central Street in
Millinocket - its workers are concentrating on their primary task: building
furniture and kitchen cabinets.

"Our problem is that we have too much work," company co-owner Ronald Preo said
in an interview earlier this week. "We could use some more skilled workers. If
we had more skilled labor, somebody we wouldn't have to put two years into
[training], one-man shows who could step right into a project and run with it,
things would be moving a lot faster."

Not that Preo and Brown are complaining, but such skilled workers could probably
get good-paying jobs helping them churn out wares to sell at Sky Burrill's
Majesty Hardwood Floors in Bangor. Burrill is assembling an expanded
7,000-square-foot showroom that is scheduled for a grand opening from Jan. 22 to
Jan. 29 at his 1209 Broadway store in Bangor.

Burrill has partnered with Brown Cabinet Makers to have the company custom-make
high-end kitchen cabinets and furniture - everything from dressers and
entertainment centers to bookshelves and fireplace mantels - that will be
displayed and sold in Burrill's showroom. Besides the Bangor store, which also
sells items such as hardwood flooring, carpeting and lighting, Burrill owns a
similar store in Watertown, N.Y., that also will feature the Millinocket
cabinetmakers' creations.

Burrill will build a showroom for the products at the new Brown Cabinet Makers
facility in Millinocket as well.

"It took them a little while, but I am pleased with what they have done,"
Burrill said of Brown and Preo's operation. "They have some display cabinets
down here and they are making three or four more. It's good quality work."


Public funding

The $275,000 Maine Rural Development Authority loan to Brown Cabinet Makers was
part of a $560,000 investment that included loans from KeyBank and Coastal
Enterprises Inc., a private, nonprofit corporation that develops job-creating
natural resources and small-business ventures in rural regions.

The Maine Rural Development Authority is a state Legislature-funded agency
created in 2002 to help develop speculative commercial and industrial buildings
and to help develop or redevelop underutilized commercial industrial properties
in rural areas such as the Katahdin region, which includes East Millinocket,
Medway and Millinocket.

Financing was delayed about a month and a half because of questions about the
viability of the company's business plan in a softening housing market. But the
Maine Rural Development Authority eventually approved the loan in mid-November,
which helped the partners secure the rest of the funding they needed.

"If it wasn't for that [delay], we'd be up and running," Burrill said, "and
that's fine. We're taking our time and doing it right."

The funds were used to buy the Central Street building and three new woodworking
machines, and will help pay for constructing the showroom that is expected to
open next spring at the new facility in Millinocket.

Brown Cabinet Makers finished moving into the building earlier this month.

"It's coming along very well," Brown said. "This space is pretty much everything
we want. It's going to look really good, and the interest we're getting is
really gratifying. We don't have anything in the showroom, and yet people keep
stopping in."


No local training

Brown Cabinet Makers employs six people, including Brown and Preo. One worker
had to be let go earlier because of the delay in getting funding, but the
company hopes to eventually employ 12 to 20 full-time workers. However, no new
hires are anticipated until the summer unless they are master cabinetmakers or
other highly skilled woodworkers, Brown and Preo said.

"We need to iron things out, get ourselves more operational," Brown said.

"We'd love to hire more people immediately, but the training time is what kills
us," Preo said. "This isn't work you can just step into unless you're very, very
skilled."

Despite the Katahdin region being within one of North America's largest
contiguous forests, the area has no educational offerings available specifically
for furniture-making or cabinetmaking .

Beginning in March, an adult education program at Schenck High School in East
Millinocket will offer, for the first time, a basic woodcarving and ornamental
wood burning program for the region, according to school officials.

Northern Penobscot Technical School, the vocational-technical high school in
Lincoln that handles Region III, which includes the Katahdin area, has a strong
industrial welding program, but does not offer classes in cabinet- or
furniture-making, officials there said.

Nor do the other public schools in the area, or other facilities such as the
Training and Development Corp. branch office and the Katahdin Region Higher
Education Center, both located in East Millinocket. TDC is a national worker
training and retraining agency, according to its Web site: www.tdc-usa.org.

"There never has been the need," said Deb Rountree, director of the Katahdin
Region Higher Education Center.

"Other than in the southern part of the state, I don't think I have ever seen
anything in this whole area of the state that has been developed specifically
for woodworking or furniture making," she added. "If the need is there, then
maybe that's something that we can work on."

Also called the University College at East Millinocket, the Katahdin center is
affiliated with Eastern Maine Community College and the University of Maine
System. It offers a bevy of training courses, everything from seminars to
master's degrees in business, social work, education and health-related fields,
according to its Web site: www.learn.maine.edu/eastmillinocket.

The center works with business owners such as Preo and Brown to train workers in
specific fields or to get skilled workers or students to a business once a need
has been identified, Rountree said.

"I know Mike Brown and I will probably give him a call," Rountree said, "but it
sounds like they need somebody there yesterday."

Hiring and training inexperienced workers eventually pays off, Preo said, but
the company's first priority now is to clear its back orders.


Reaching into new markets

Brown Cabinet Makers wants eventually to produce one finished kitchen a week.

A typical Brown kitchen consists of base cabinets, wall cabinets and full-length
pantries, plus spice racks, rollout shelving, and lazy Susans, all made of the
customer's choice of hardwoods. Costs range from $12,000 to $25,000.

Individual furniture pieces - everything from desks, entertainment centers, end
and kitchen tables, fireplace mantels, bookshelves, and custom-made furniture
except couches and beds - can range from $200 to $4,000, Preo said.

The company could eventually employ more than 20 workers if its business with
Majesty takes off - good news in a region that typically has unemployment at
double the state average and about half its population at or below the poverty
line.

Brown's company, and its connection with Majesty, is strong evidence that the
region's forestry and manufacturing industry and work force can successfully
identify niche products that can reach into untapped markets, said Bruce McLean,
executive director of the Millinocket Area Growth and Investment Council.

The quasi-public business development agency helped the company secure its
financing and a state Pine Tree Zone designation, which affords special tax
breaks.

Brown expects to have the production line creating one kitchen a week by
mid-March. The company is refining and ramping up its production line as it
works to clear about five full kitchen back-orders, Brown said. He added that he
has tentative commitments for eight more kitchens.

The new showroom on Central Street will probably be built by Majesty workers by
mid-April, Burrill said.

"I already have some displays built," Burrill said. "It's just a matter of
getting stuff up there, tearing up the floors. Quite a lot has been done
already. It will be a nice showroom and good for the area."

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2007 Bangor Daily News


                             506 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                             March 10, 2009 Tuesday
                                 First Edition

ADI site plan approval likely despite objections

BYLINE: Paul Bibby Urban Affairs Reporter

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 331 words


PENRITH Council was last night set to approve a blueprint for a residential
development in western Sydney despite objections from two State Government
departments that houses could be exposed to bushfires.

Delfin Lend Lease is proposing to build 3420 houses in two precincts as part of
its development of the former Australian Defence Industries site at St Marys.
The site is covered by large areas of woodland.

The Department of Environment and Climate Change said the zones being proposed
by Lend Lease to provide a buffer against large bushfires were inadequate.

In its response to Lend Lease's draft plan for two suburbs, the department said
the developer had failed to take into account the likely growth in vegetation.

The submission said the woodland was "at an early stage of regrowth and . . .
will become forest. It is recommended that the width of the asset protection
zones be reassessed."

The Department of Water and Energy expressed concern that there were no asset
protection zones in two parts of the development where houses were adjacent to
bushland along a creek.

The proximity of residential developments to fire-prone bushland has taken on
greater significance since the Victorian bushfires forced authorities to
reconsider their understanding of bushfire behaviour.

The Rural Fire Service did not object to the St Marys proposal, but it made its
submission before the devastating fires last month.

The director of city planning at Penrith council, Craig Butler, said the
developer would adjust the asset protection zones later.

The zones were a "guide at this stage" that would need to be approved by the NSW
Rural Fire Service, he said.

But the president of the Western Sydney Conservation Alliance, Geoff Brown, said
the issue of the asset protection zones needed to be dealt with now.

He said Delfin would oppose later changes to zones to maximise the number of
homes in the development.

Mr Brown has led a 16-year campaign against the ADI development on environmental
grounds.

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2009 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             507 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       Telegram & Gazette (Massachusetts)

                  June 09, 1999 Wednesday, RT. 9 WEST EDITION

Grants approved to end septic woes at mobile home park

BYLINE: J.P. Ellery; CORRESPONDENT

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 555 words

DATELINE: WARREN



Town officials now find themselves in the enviable position of having two
approved funding sources to end problems with the private septic system at
Heritage Village Mobile Home Park.

"We went from having no options to two options," Selectman David A. Delanski
said.

The 150 residents of the Bemis Road park have been involved in a protracted,
unsuccessful battle with Three M Homes Corp. of Braintree, park owner, to
correct the sewer and water deficiencies.

Three M Homes, which last year sought bankruptcy protection, insisted it could
not secure the needed money for improvements because of insufficient park
rentals to serve as equity.

Delanski said yesterday the Rural Development Agency of the U.S. Department of
Agriculture has approved a combination grant and loan program totaling $975,000
and the state has allocated a $1.4 million no-interest loan to tie the Bemis
Road park into the town's sewer system.

Early this year, Warren was unsuccessful in gaining a similar grant and loan
from the RDA, but was assured funding could come at a later date.      Delanski
said the intent of the Board of Selectmen, initially, is to take advantage of
the RDA money to first resolve the septic situation.

The one we're probably going to go with is the RDA because of the fact that it's
a $553,000 outright grant and it's accompanied by a $422,000 loan, which would
give us the amount of money we think would be enough to get the sewer done right
away," Delanski said.

He said residents living outside the park, along Route 19 where the sewer line
will go, also will be able to secure low-interest loans to tie into the town's
sewer system as a result of the Heritage Village project.

Further down the road, Warren could cover any shortfall in the cost of the sewer
installation by using a portion of the $1.4 million from the state, Delanski
said.

He said tying the park's water system into the town's will come later.

The septic system in the 89-unit park was declared failed in late 1997 by the
state Department of Environmental Protection. On many occasions septic waste had
penetrated the system's leach field, which was supposed to contain the waste.

The park owner was placed under court order to regularly pump the system, taking
the waste off site for disposal.

At their meeting Monday, Delanski and Selectmen Dolores A.M. Morin and E. Lee
Bombria IV thanked state Rep. David H. Tuttle, R-Barre, and state Sen. Stephen
M. Brewer, D-Barre, for their long, hard work in securing the $1.4 million in
state funds.

"I was moved by the plight of the people at Heritage Village," Brewer said in
explaining his sincere interest in resolving the situation. "Those good people
needed justice."

Tuttle credited the other residents of Warren for their compassion in approving
application for loans or grants of up to $1.7 million to solve the Heritage
Village difficulties.

"None of this would be possible if the voters didn't come out at town meeting
and support this," Tuttle said.

Last year, the on-site water well system at Heritage Village was found to be
contaminated by bacteria and DEP banned its use. Park residents were forced to
get their water from a tanker truck parked at the site. The water problem was
later corrected when the well system there was refurbished.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1999 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.


                             508 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           Investor's Business Daily

                                 July 16, 1999

POOR AREAS: GOOD FOR BUSINESS?

BYLINE: By Joseph Guinto, Investor's Business Daily

SECTION: National Issue; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 1177 words



The Pine Ridge Indian reservation is not exactly rife with investment
opportunities.

Though it sprawls across South Dakota's Black Hills over an area the size of
Connecticut, the reservation has few employers.

Most people work for the government in education or social services.  Slightly
over half of the reservation's adults have graduated high school.  More than
half don't have telephones. And three-fourths are out of work, most of them
drawing some type of government aid.

But when President Clinton visited there last week to tout his New Market
Initiative - a package of tax credits, housing programs and loan guarantees
designed to pump up interest in the nation's poorest areas - he said businesses
could reap big profits by investing in Pine Ridge and places like it.

On several stops during a four-day ''poverty tour'' that took him from East St.
Louis to Los Angeles' Watts community, Clinton insisted that his calls for
investment are ''not about charity.''

GOP leaders in the House are sounding a similar line. They resurrected a plan
last week that would reduce taxes and regulations on businesses operating in
poor areas.

Like Clinton's proposals, the GOP-backed plan suggests that with the right
government incentives, businesses can do well in inner- city and rural areas
left behind by the nine-year-long economic boom.

Maybe so. But convincing business that setting up shop in impoverished areas
where lagging schools accompany alcoholism, drug abuse and crumbling buildings
and roads won't be easy.

In Pine Ridge, Father Tom Merkel, superintendent of the Red Cloud Indian School,
wonders whether political proposals can really translate into jobs for the
reservation's impoverished Lakota Indians.

''I don't know what particular business would be attracted to come here,''
Merkel said. Businesses have plenty of reasons not to locate part of their
operations in economically distressed areas.

Michael Allan Wolf, who heads the Enterprise Zone Project at the University of
Richmond in Virginia, cites several:

* Poor infrastructure of roads and government services.

* A poorly educated local work force.

* Environmentally contaminated, or ''brown,'' work sites.

To get businesses to disregard these drawbacks, lawmakers are trying to boost
bottom-line incentives.

Under Clinton's plan, the poorest areas in the U.S. would be treated like
foreign nations when it comes to investment. Businesses operating in these
communities would have the same tax advantages and loan guarantees that
companies get when they invest overseas.

Among them:

* A 25% tax credit to companies willing to invest in poor areas, including
everything from setting up manufacturing facilities to opening new retail
outlets.

* Federal loan guarantees of up to $ 2 for every $ 1 businesses invest. The plan
would back up to $ 1 billion in new loans.

* Expanding government-backed mortgages for poor home buyers.

''This is about how to make money by giving people who are willing to work for
themselves the chance to do it,'' Clinton told business owners during a
poverty-tour stop in Arizona last week.

Clinton's plans, which he will promote again in another tour this fall, come
with a hefty price. To generate $ 15 billion in investments in poor areas,
Clinton's various suggestions would cost as much as $ 30 billion, according to
the administration's figures.

The plan would be paid for by spending cuts and eliminating some tax loopholes.

Some major companies have shown interest. Clinton was accompanied by a plethora
of smiley-faced business leaders during some tour stops, including Sandy Weill,
co-chairman of Citigroup Inc.,cscolut Mr. Smith Leaves The Party

The GOP hierarchy pooh-poohed the defection of New Hampshire Sen. Bob Smith. Yet
Republican National Committee Chairman Jim Nicholson conceded its importance by
trying to keep Smith in the fold. Smith's defection is closer to a defining
moment than Nicholson's willing to admit.

The truth lies in Nicholson's actions, not his words. The move emphasizes the
long-standing feud between moderate Rockefeller Republicans and conservative
Goldwater Republicans: a decades-old battle for the hearts and minds of the
party.

By leaving, Smith threw down a very public gauntlet challenging the party's
direction.

Beyond gratuitously insulting a man of principle, the RNC's response
demonstrated just what's wrong with the GOP. It has become a status-quo,
go-along-to-get-along clique that stands for nothing.

After much reflection, Smith declared himself an independent for reasons of
conscience. He'd had enough of a GOP that abandoned its conservative principles
to focus on winning elections.

We don't agree with Smith on every issue. But we admire his convictions. In his
farewell speech, he lamented the GOP's post-1995 habit of ignoring its purpose -
to restrain government -to compromise with Democrats.

He very nearly said all he needed to say when he noted: ''The most consistent
message I hear from the voters is one of frustration, deep frustration that the
party is not standing on principle.''

The senator from the ''Live Free or Die'' state made it clear why he left the
Republican Party. It wasn't jealously over George W. Bush's apparent coronation
as the party's presidential candidate.  It was the party's Beltway mind-set.

Smith railed at poll-driven politics that marginalize the Constitution and drag
us into mob rule. He expressed exasperation over: GOP kowtowing over handouts to
the National Endowment for the Arts; President Bush's 1990 failure to keep his
''no new taxes'' pledge; support for public broadcasting funding; and
Republicans' failure to kill a single Cabinet department after nearly five years
in the majority.

Almost as a last act of defiance, Smith promised to filibuster the Senate
gun-control bill. Good for him. It's about time someone had the grit to confront
Democrats and moderate Republicans who would make such a naked attack on the
Constitution.

No matter what you may think of guns, the right to own them is protected by the
Constitution. If the Second Amendment can be so blithely ignored, what then
about other constitutional rights?

Creeping tyranny has to be stopped somewhere.

Smith's defection may begin a trend of similar exits from the Republican Party.
Could presidential candidates Patrick Buchanan and Gary Bauer, who have
expressed displeasure with the party, be next? It's too soon to make that call.

Yet Smith's exit certainly underscores the need for the party to address a
deeper issue. What does the party stand for? Limited government or a place at
the trough?

Democrats, always clear about their desire for more government, could retake
control of Congress. And the tax-and-spend binging would be back.

And there would be fewer lawmakers of principle to slow the ever-enlarging
federal beast.

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

Copyright 1999 Investor's Business Daily, Inc.


                             509 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           Investor's Business Daily

                                 July 16, 1999

POOR AREAS: GOOD FOR BUSINESS?

BYLINE: By Joseph Guinto, Investor's Business Daily

SECTION: National Issue; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 1177 words



The Pine Ridge Indian reservation is not exactly rife with investment
opportunities.

Though it sprawls across South Dakota's Black Hills over an area the size of
Connecticut, the reservation has few employers.

Most people work for the government in education or social services.  Slightly
over half of the reservation's adults have graduated high school.  More than
half don't have telephones. And three-fourths are out of work, most of them
drawing some type of government aid.

But when President Clinton visited there last week to tout his New Market
Initiative - a package of tax credits, housing programs and loan guarantees
designed to pump up interest in the nation's poorest areas - he said businesses
could reap big profits by investing in Pine Ridge and places like it.

On several stops during a four-day ''poverty tour'' that took him from East St.
Louis to Los Angeles' Watts community, Clinton insisted that his calls for
investment are ''not about charity.''

GOP leaders in the House are sounding a similar line. They resurrected a plan
last week that would reduce taxes and regulations on businesses operating in
poor areas.

Like Clinton's proposals, the GOP-backed plan suggests that with the right
government incentives, businesses can do well in inner- city and rural areas
left behind by the nine-year-long economic boom.

Maybe so. But convincing business that setting up shop in impoverished areas
where lagging schools accompany alcoholism, drug abuse and crumbling buildings
and roads won't be easy.

In Pine Ridge, Father Tom Merkel, superintendent of the Red Cloud Indian School,
wonders whether political proposals can really translate into jobs for the
reservation's impoverished Lakota Indians.

''I don't know what particular business would be attracted to come here,''
Merkel said. Businesses have plenty of reasons not to locate part of their
operations in economically distressed areas.

Michael Allan Wolf, who heads the Enterprise Zone Project at the University of
Richmond in Virginia, cites several:

* Poor infrastructure of roads and government services.

* A poorly educated local work force.

* Environmentally contaminated, or ''brown,'' work sites.

To get businesses to disregard these drawbacks, lawmakers are trying to boost
bottom-line incentives.

Under Clinton's plan, the poorest areas in the U.S. would be treated like
foreign nations when it comes to investment. Businesses operating in these
communities would have the same tax advantages and loan guarantees that
companies get when they invest overseas.

Among them:

* A 25% tax credit to companies willing to invest in poor areas, including
everything from setting up manufacturing facilities to opening new retail
outlets.

* Federal loan guarantees of up to $ 2 for every $ 1 businesses invest. The plan
would back up to $ 1 billion in new loans.

* Expanding government-backed mortgages for poor home buyers.

''This is about how to make money by giving people who are willing to work for
themselves the chance to do it,'' Clinton told business owners during a
poverty-tour stop in Arizona last week.

Clinton's plans, which he will promote again in another tour this fall, come
with a hefty price. To generate $ 15 billion in investments in poor areas,
Clinton's various suggestions would cost as much as $ 30 billion, according to
the administration's figures.

The plan would be paid for by spending cuts and eliminating some tax loopholes.

Some major companies have shown interest. Clinton was accompanied by a plethora
of smiley-faced business leaders during some tour stops, including Sandy Weill,
co-chairman of Citigroup Inc.,cscolut Mr. Smith Leaves The Party

The GOP hierarchy pooh-poohed the defection of New Hampshire Sen. Bob Smith. Yet
Republican National Committee Chairman Jim Nicholson conceded its importance by
trying to keep Smith in the fold. Smith's defection is closer to a defining
moment than Nicholson's willing to admit.

The truth lies in Nicholson's actions, not his words. The move emphasizes the
long-standing feud between moderate Rockefeller Republicans and conservative
Goldwater Republicans: a decades-old battle for the hearts and minds of the
party.

By leaving, Smith threw down a very public gauntlet challenging the party's
direction.

Beyond gratuitously insulting a man of principle, the RNC's response
demonstrated just what's wrong with the GOP. It has become a status-quo,
go-along-to-get-along clique that stands for nothing.

After much reflection, Smith declared himself an independent for reasons of
conscience. He'd had enough of a GOP that abandoned its conservative principles
to focus on winning elections.

We don't agree with Smith on every issue. But we admire his convictions. In his
farewell speech, he lamented the GOP's post-1995 habit of ignoring its purpose -
to restrain government -to compromise with Democrats.

He very nearly said all he needed to say when he noted: ''The most consistent
message I hear from the voters is one of frustration, deep frustration that the
party is not standing on principle.''

The senator from the ''Live Free or Die'' state made it clear why he left the
Republican Party. It wasn't jealously over George W. Bush's apparent coronation
as the party's presidential candidate.  It was the party's Beltway mind-set.

Smith railed at poll-driven politics that marginalize the Constitution and drag
us into mob rule. He expressed exasperation over: GOP kowtowing over handouts to
the National Endowment for the Arts; President Bush's 1990 failure to keep his
''no new taxes'' pledge; support for public broadcasting funding; and
Republicans' failure to kill a single Cabinet department after nearly five years
in the majority.

Almost as a last act of defiance, Smith promised to filibuster the Senate
gun-control bill. Good for him. It's about time someone had the grit to confront
Democrats and moderate Republicans who would make such a naked attack on the
Constitution.

No matter what you may think of guns, the right to own them is protected by the
Constitution. If the Second Amendment can be so blithely ignored, what then
about other constitutional rights?

Creeping tyranny has to be stopped somewhere.

Smith's defection may begin a trend of similar exits from the Republican Party.
Could presidential candidates Patrick Buchanan and Gary Bauer, who have
expressed displeasure with the party, be next? It's too soon to make that call.

Yet Smith's exit certainly underscores the need for the party to address a
deeper issue. What does the party stand for? Limited government or a place at
the trough?

Democrats, always clear about their desire for more government, could retake
control of Congress. And the tax-and-spend binging would be back.

And there would be fewer lawmakers of principle to slow the ever-enlarging
federal beast.

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

Copyright 1999 Investor's Business Daily, Inc.


                             510 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                           February 23, 2012 Thursday
                                 Budget Edition

Informal settlements set for upgrades

BYLINE: THABANG MOKOPANELE

SECTION: ECONOMY, BUSINESS & FINANCE

LENGTH: 422  words


HOUSING

Informal settlements set for upgrades

Property Editor

AS PART of its drive to provide affordable housing and address the disparities
of SA's urban landscapes, the government has allocated R50,5bn for low-income
housing and the upgrading of informal settlements in secondary cities. Another
R27bn has been allocated for the upgrading of informal settlements in large
cities over the next three years.

However, due to the complex nature of co-ordinating the installation of bulk
services, the need to improve planning and co-operation between national,
provincial and local government to achieve higher rates of delivery, was
highlighted. A shift in accountability for housing, from provinces to
metropolitan municipalities, is in progress, and is expected to be completed
over the medium-term expenditure framework.

This would allow for better alignment in the planning and implementation of
projects.

The government has acknowledged that there is insufficient housing stock for
middle-income earners who exceed the income thresholds for Reconstruction and
Development Programme houses but cannot afford mortgage finance. To address
this, a tax incentive is being considered for developers and employers to build
houses under R300000.

Although some low-income employees receive financial assistance from their
employers to acquire a house, the government announced that tax hurdles
associated with such assistance would also be examined.

More than 3-million houses have been delivered since 1994, but there is a
backlog estimated at 2,1-million. Population growth trends, including urban-
rural migration patterns, put pressure on cities to adapt and expand
infrastructure quickly. Nearly 70% of the backlog is in urban areas.

The persistence of large informal settlements had necessitated a shift towards
developing serviced sites, security of tenure and affordable rental housing.

Investment in municipal infrastructure and human settlements would grow from
R120bn in 2012-13 to R139bn in 2014-15. Additional allocations of R9,9bn over
the medium term were proposed, including informal settlement upgrading, a
waste-water treatment plant in Sedibeng, and water systems in Sekhukhune and the
OR Tambo district.

The government would recapitalise the Rural Housing Loan Fund and National Urban
Reconstruction and Housing Agency, with R51,9m and R200m over the medium term.
The fund would focus on incremental lending for housing development in rural
areas, while the agency would support lending for contractors to build low-cost
housing.

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2012 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             511 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                          February 26, 2014 Wednesday
                                 METRO EDITION

Cities wrestle for housing grants

BYLINE: JIM ADAMS; STAFF WRITER, STAR TRIBUNE (Mpls.-St. Paul)

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1AA

LENGTH: 928 words



HIGHLIGHT: Coon Rapids and Burnsville ranked highest among suburbs in an
affordable-housing rating.


Burnsville and Coon Rapids led all Twin Cities suburbs last year in a state
ranking of housing availability, an indication that they have a healthy mix of
places to live, including for lower-income and senior residents.

The two suburbs tied with 89 points on a 100-point system created by the
Metropolitan Council, which ranked 181 communities in the seven-county metro
area. They had the third-highest score after St. Paul (98 points) and
Minneapolis (97).

The scores are "a way to measure how communities are doing with regard to
affordable housing and diversification of housing ... and housing preservation
efforts," said Guy Peterson, director of the Met Council's community development
division.

Cities with high housing scores gain a slight advantage when applying for a
piece of the $15 million in Livable Communities grants the council gives out
each year.

For Coon Rapids, the ranking means "we are a pretty affordable community," said
community development director Marc Nevinski. "The scores indicate our community
has opportunities for people at all income levels."

Since the Livable Communities Act was enacted in 1995, the Met Council has
awarded nearly $286 million through 800 grants. Most of the money helped
communities build or rehabilitate 41,829 housing units, Peterson said. Of that
number, nearly 18,000 units were affordable apartments, about 1,600 were
owner-occupied homes, and the rest were market-rate housing.

More than $104 million of the grants helped clean up 2,164 acres of contaminated
sites that then were developed for businesses and builders, he said. That
process created 43,636 jobs and resulted in the investment of about $6 billion
in the sites and increased tax base values by $96 million, according to the Met
Council.

Under the Livable Communities program, cities negotiate with the council to set
goals for affordable-housing units and prepare plans to reach their goals,
Peterson said.

Like Coon Rapids, Burnsville has a fair amount of affordable housing, as well as
programs and loans to encourage such projects, said Jenni Faulkner, community
development director. She noted that $4.1 million in council grants in 1999-2000
resulted in 42 percent of 628 planned units in the downtown Heart of the City
area becoming affordable housing. The grant also helped build streets and a
parking ramp.

Another grant for $800,000 in 2010 helped buy and demolish an old shopping
center to make way for 140 affordable assisted- and independent-living units at
Valley Ridge Senior Living. The $21 million complex is a partnership between
Presbyterian Homes and Dakota County's community development agency.

"The grants are necessary to bridge the gap in financing" for such projects,
Faulkner said. Without them, some projects would not occur or would be smaller
in scope.

Burnsville and Coon Rapids boosted their housing scores by having flexible
zoning setbacks and other development rules. Coon Rapids also permits compact
new housing products like single-family detached townhouses, Nevinski said.

Coon Rapids has won two council grants - one in 2000 for $124,781 to clean up a
contaminated redevelopment site, and a second in 2012 for $40,000 to plan
housing and other development near a big Metro Transit bus parking ramp on Foley
Boulevard.

The urban advantage

Older, larger cities such as Minneapolis and St. Paul and aging suburbs tend to
benefit more from Livable Communities grants because they often have housing
development agencies and programs that encourage affordable, compact and senior
housing near transit and jobs, Peterson said.

The money helps older cities with aging buildings and sites that need
rehabilitation and other assistance, said Anoka Mayor Phil Rice. Anoka, which
ranked fifth-highest last year with 87 points on the housing score, has won two
grants. The most recent was $30,000 in 2012 to plan for redevelopment around the
town's Northstar Station.

"We've been snubbed a few times, but we count on the Met Council's help," Rice
said.

Rural cities and townships don't benefit as much from the program. They may
receive low housing performance scores because they have little or no rental,
affordable or senior housing. But if a community without affordable housing
seeks a grant to build such units, it receives a high priority even if it ranked
poorly in the housing scores, Peterson said.

Lake Elmo, population about 8,100, has never used Met Council grants. The rural
city earned 13 points out of 100 last year on the council's housing performance
list, placing ahead of 57 other mostly rural and small municipalities.

"That score might be a little misleading," said city administrator Dean Zuleger,
noting that the city has a mobile home park with 500 low-cost homes. Lake Elmo
recently installed sewer lines sought for years by the Met Council, he said, and
is improving its long-frayed relationship with the agency.

The city is focusing on the need for housing for aging residents who need to
downsize but don't want to leave town, he said.

"We have done it [development] slowly, so we don't lose our character," Zuleger
said.

Jim Adams · 612-673-7658

TOP 10 PERFORMANCE

St. Paul, 98

Minneapolis, 97

Coon Rapids, 89

Burnsville, 89

Anoka, 87

Bloomington, 80

Woodbury, 80

Hopkins, 79

Blaine, 78

Apple Valley, 78

Lakeville, 78

Metropolitan Council ranks metro cities on a 1 to 100 scale for affordable and
senior housing and other data. To see the complete Met Council 2013 housing
performance listm go to: http://metrocouncil.org/Housing/
Publications-And-Resources/Housing-Performance-Scores-2012.aspx

Source: Metropolitan Council

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2014 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             512 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                            October 16, 2007 Tuesday
                                  Mich Edition

Housing market creates layoffs

BYLINE: ED RONCO, Tribune Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. C8

LENGTH: 358 words


The sluggish housing market as resulted in layoffs for a plant in Knox, the
Starke County seat, about an hour southwest of South Bend.

Toll Brothers Inc. laid off 20 workers early last week at its Toll Integrated
Systems plant in Knox. The plant builds floor and roof trusses, walls,
staircases and other building components used in Toll Brothers homes.

Toll Brothers bought an existing 40,000-square-foot plant and added on 90,000
square feet in May 2006.

The company pledged 200 jobs within two years of opening day. The possibility
exists for just more than 300 jobs when the plant is at full capacity.

The layoffs were the result of slow sales in Illinois and Michigan, said a
statement from Kira McCarron, spokesperson for the Horsham, Pa.-based company.

Plant employment was around 85 people at the time of the layoffs.

"As soon as there is evidence of an upturn in sales we will begin to add to our
work force," the statement said. "While this is a delay in our original
projections for this site, we still feel confident that we will hit those
numbers some time in the future."

So does Charles Weaver. He's executive director of the Starke County Development
Foundation, which handles economic development for the rural county.

"I have every reason to believe they will make all commitments," he said. "It's
just the timing issues that are going to change for them."

In other words, Toll Brothers will still hire all the people it promised it
would, but it could take longer.

The downturn in the housing market hasn't been kind to many home builders, and
Toll Brothers' financial results reflect the trend.

For the third quarter ended July 31, Toll Brothers earned a profit of $131.8
million, down from $405 million during the same quarter a year ago.

Sales for the quarter dropped to $1.2 billion from $1.5 billion during the third
quarter of 2006.

The company's presence is a big deal for the Starke County economy, where 46
percent of the 10,800 workers leave the county for jobs.

Shares of Toll Brothers closed down 59 cents at $22.15 in Monday trading on the
New York Stock Exchange.

Staff writer Ed Ronco: eronco@sbtinfo.com (574) 235-6467

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2007 South Bend Tribune Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             513 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 25, 2014 Thursday

Rural Business-Cooperative Service: Business Loan and Grant Analyst DC-2014-0109

LENGTH: 3456  words

DATELINE: Washington


The United States Office of Personnel Management has issued the following job
announcement:

Job Title:Business Loan and Grant Analyst

Department:Department Of Agriculture

Agency:Rural Business-Cooperative Service

Job Announcement Number:DC-2014-0109
SALARY RANGE:
 $75,621.00 to $116,901.00 / Per Year
OPEN PERIOD:
 Wednesday, September 24, 2014 to Friday, October 3, 2014
SERIES & GRADE:
 GS-1101-12/13
POSITION INFORMATION:
 Full-Time - Permanent
PROMOTION POTENTIAL:
13
DUTY LOCATIONS:
 1 vacancy - District of Columbia, DC View Map
WHO MAY APPLY:
 Current permanent Federal employees with competitive status, reinstatement
eligibles, persons with disabilities, VEOA eligibles, certain military spouses,
30% or more disabled veterans, former Peace Corps or VISTA volunteers,
CTAP/ICTAP eligibles, Farm Service Agency permanent county employees and those
eligible for other Special Hiring Authorities.
SECURITY CLEARANCE:
 Public Trust - Background Investigation
SUPERVISORY STATUS:
 No
JOB SUMMARY:

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural Development Agency serves rural
communities throughout the country by investing in their communities through
housing and utility infrastructure, by increasing economic opportunity, and by
improving the quality of life for all rural Americans.  Rural Development
provides over 40 loan and grant programs in the Rural Housing and Community
Facilities Service, Rural Business and Cooperative Service, and Rural Utilities
Service. Rural Development supports a positive work environment and promotes
diversity and inclusion for nearly 5,000 employees.

Rural Development is a dynamic organization recruiting for employees who possess
the energy, compassion, and commitment to serve those in rural communities and
will enjoy working in a fast paced and results driven organization.  Our
commitment is to expand economic opportunity and quality of life in all of rural
America by providing financial programs to support essential public facilities
and services such as water and sewer systems, housing, health clinics, emergency
service facilities and electric and telephone service.  Rural Development offers
a friendly and professional working environment and such excellent benefits as:
a generous salary, alternative work schedules, paid vacation and sick leave,
paid holidays, retirement and supplemental savings plan, a wide array of health,
dental, vision, and life insurance plans, flexible spending accounts, and
long-term care insurance.

This position is located in the Specialty Programs Branch, Specialty Programs
Division (SPD), under the Deputy Administrator, Business Programs, Rural
Development.  The Specialty Programs Division is responsible for developing and
recommending operating plans, policies, and procedures that regulate and guide
SPD loan and grant processing, administration, and monitoring activities.  The
SPD Processing Branch loan and grant programs currently include: Intermediary
Relending Program (IRP), Rural Business Development Grants (RBDG), Rural
Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP), Rural Business Investment Program
(RBIP), and the Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant (REDLG) programs.

This announcement maybe used to fill additional or subsequent vacancies that are
identified by the organization.
TRAVEL REQUIRED

Occasional Travel
    5%

RELOCATION AUTHORIZED

No

KEY REQUIREMENTS

US Citizenship is required.
    Selective Service Registration is required for males born after 12/31/1959.
    A 1-year probationary period is required.
    For the GS-13 level, OGE Form 450 is required.
    As a condition of employment a background investigation is required.

DUTIES:
Back to top

Performs analyses of a full range of financial data including but not limited to
financial statements, financial forecasts and feasibility studies for business
and specialty lenders.
    Monitor industry economic and financing trends and make evaluations and
recommendations regarding the impact of such trends on potential and existing
borrowers and grantees in terms of security interests, the soundness of federal
investment, business, community, and economic development funding needs, and the
projected ability of the borrower or grantee to perform.
    Prepare, analyze, interpret and review nonstandard and standard legal
documents in support of loans, loan guarantees, and grants.
    Evaluate business and specialty industry organizations' operational and
financial characteristics in processing difficult and complex loan, guaranteed
loan, and grant applications.
    Provides information clearinghouse functions to potential clients, grantees
and borrowers.
    Assist with the development of training seminars for internal and external
audiences.
    Incumbent may be called upon to assist with responses to Performance
assessment Rating Tool questions.

QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED:
Back to top

Applicants must meet all qualifications and eligiblity requirements by the
closing date of the announcement including time and grade restrictions and
specialized experience as defined below.

Time in grade: Applicant must meet one year at the next lower grade to be
considered for the next higher grade. (e.g., one year at the GS-11 grade level
for consideration to the GS-12 grade level and one year at the GS-12 grade level
for consideration at the GS-13 level).

For the GS-12 level: Applicants must have one year of specialized experience
equivalent to at least the GS-11 or its non-Federal equivalent that demonstrates
experience performing credit risk and financial statement analysis, including
applicable financial, managerial, operational economic, regulatory, loan
security, and legal problems and issues; experience assisting in Government
grant and loan policies, practices, laws, and regulations related to
construction and non-construction grants; experience utilizing automated
equipment and software to extract and analyze information and data and
experience presenting information orally and in writing.  There is no education
substitution for this grade.


For the GS-13 level:  Applicants must have one year of specialized experience
equivalent to at least the GS-12 or its non-Federal equivalent that demonstrates
experience performing credit risk and financial statement analysis, including
applicable financial, managerial, operational, economic, regulatory, loan
security, and legal problems and issues; experience in applying Government grant
and loan policies, practices, laws, and regulations related to construction and
non-construction grants; experience utilizing automated equipment and software
to extract and analyze information and data and experience presenting
information orally and in writing.  There is no education substitution for this
grade.

Note: To be considered for this position, you must meet all qualification and
eligibility requirements for the GS-1101 series set forth in the Office of
Personnel Management (OPM) Qualifications Standards by the closing date of
announcement. A copy is available at:
http://www.opm.opm.gov/qualifications/index.asp.

o  CONFIDENTIAL FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE REPORT: If selected, you will be required
to submit Form OGE-450 within 30 days of your initial appointment date, and
annually thereafter. Selectee is subject to financial Disclosure Requirements in
accordance with 5 CFR, Part 2635, Sub part E regarding business or personal
transactions with applicants, borrowers, or business contacts who have or who
are seeking business with this Agency. Selectee must be able to obtain and
maintain a security clearance. If selected you will be subject to a National
Agency Check and Inquiry (NACI) and a credit report.
o  If you are newly hired, the documentation you present for purposes of
completing the Department Homeland Security (DHS) Form I-9 on your entry-on-duty
date will be verified through the DHS "E-VERIFY" system. Federal law requires
the use of E-VERIFY to confirm the employment eligibility of all new hires.
Under this system, the new hire is required to resolve any identified
discrepancies as a condition of continued employment.
o  To be eligible for appointment to this position, the new hire must be cleared
to come on board once the results of the fingerprint check, review of the
OF-306, Declaration for Federal Employment, and the candidate's Electronic
Questionnaires for Investigations Processing (eQIP) entries have been reviewed
and determined to be satisfactory.  This position requires a favorable credit
check as part of the background investigation.
o  Selectee must be able to obtain and maintain a security clearance. If
selected you may be subject to a National Agency Check and Inquiry (NACI) and a
credit report inquiry.
HOW YOU WILL BE EVALUATED:

You will be evaluated based on your qualifications for this position as
evidenced by the education, experience, and training you described in your
application package, as well as the responses to the Occupational Questionnaire
to determine the degree to which you possess the knowledge, skills, abilities
and competencies listed below:

Program Administration/Project Management
        Commercial and Community Loan and Grant Making
        Oral Communication
        Written Communication

We will review your application, including the online Occupational
Questionnaire, to ensure you meet the job requirements and assess your ability
to perform this job. Before any certificate can be issued to the selecting
official, the resume and supporting documents are reviewed by an HR Specialist
to ensure that (a) minimum qualification requirements are met and (b) the resume
supports the answers provided to the job-specific questions. Your answers will
be verified against information provided in your online resume and application.
Be sure that your resume clearly supports your responses to all the questions
addressing experience and education relevant to this position.
    Applicants who meet the basic minimum qualification requirements and are
determined to be among the best qualified candidates will be referred to the
hiring manager for consideration. Non-Competitive candidates need to meet
minimum qualification requirements to be referred.

Note: If, after reviewing your resume and / or supporting documentation, a
determination is made that you have inflated your qualifications and or
experience, your score can / will be lowered to more accurately reflect the
submitted documentation. Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or
omissions may affect your rating. Deliberate attempts to falsify information may
be grounds for not selecting you.

To view the application form, visit:
https://rbcs.usda.ntis.gov/cp/?event=jobs.previewApplication&jobid=4ac5a59f-15ef
-41fe-9618-a3aa00fbab1b

BENEFITS:
Back to top

You can review our benefits at:
http://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/healthcare/enrollment/new-federal-employ
ee-enrollment/


OTHER INFORMATION:
o  If you are selected for a position with further promotion potential, you will
be placed under a career development plan, and may be non-competitively promoted
if you successfully complete the requirements and if recommended by management.
However, promotion is neither implied nor guaranteed.
o  This position is eligible for telework and other flexible work arrangements.
Employee participation is at the discretion of the supervisor.
o  Persons with disabilities who require alternative means for communication of
program information (Braille, large print, audiotape, etc) should contact: USDAs
TARGET Center at 202-720-2600 (voice and TDD).
o  BACKGROUND INVESTIGATION AND FINGERPRINT CHECK:  Selection and retention in
this position is contingent on a successfully adjudicated FBI National Criminal
History Check (fingerprint check) and a background investigation.
o  Career Transition Assistance Plan(CTAP) or Interagency Career Transition
Assistance Plan (ICTAP):   If you are claiming CTAP/ICTAP eligibility, provide
proof of eligibility to include your most recent performance appraisal, SF-50,
and proof of eligibility such as a RIF separation notice or letter from OPM/your
agency.  CTAP/ICTAP eligibles will be considered well-qualified if achieving a
rating of 85 or above.  Information about CTAP/ICTAP eligibility is on OPMs
Career Transition Resources website at http://www.opm.gov/ctap/index.asp.
HOW TO APPLY:
Back to top

Please read the entire announcement and all the instructions before you begin.
The following instructions outline our application process.

You must complete this application process and submit all required documents
electronically by 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time (ET) on the closing date of this
announcement.
    We are available to assist you during business hours normally (8:00 a.m. -
4:00 p.m., Monday - Friday). Applying online is highly encouraged. If applying
online poses a hardship, please contact our office during business hours well
before the closing date for an alternate method. All hardship application
packages with supporting documents must be submitted no later than noon on the
closing date of the announcement in order to be entered into the system prior to
its closing.
    This agency provides reasonable accommodation to applicants with
disabilities on a case-by-case basis; contact us if you are requesting this.

Step 1: Create a USAJOBS account (if you do not have one) at www.usajobs.gov. It
is recommended that as part of your profile you set up automatic email
notification to be informed when the status of your application changes. If you
choose not to set up this automatic notification, then you will have to log into
your USAJOBS account to check on the status of your application.


Step 2: Create a resume with USAJOBS or upload a resume into your USAJOBS
account. Customize your resume to ensure it documents duties and accomplishments
you have gained that are directly related to this position in order to verify
that qualifications are met. Your resume must support your responses to the
online questionnaire (you may preview the online questionnaire by clicking on
the link at the end of the How You Will Be Evaluated section of the job
announcement).

Step 3: Click "Apply Online" and follow the prompts to complete the Occupational
Questionnaire and attach any additional documents that may be required.
You can update your application or documents anytime while the announcement is
open. Log into your USAJOBS account and click on "Application Status." Click on
the position title, and then select "Update Application" to continue.
NOTE: Verify that uploaded documents from USAJOBs transfer into the Agency's
staffing system. Once in the Agency's staffing system you will have the
opportunity to upload additional documents. Uploaded documents must be less than
3MB and in one of the following document formats: GIF, JPG, JPEG, PNG, RTF, PDF,
or Word (DOC or DOCX).


REQUIRED DOCUMENTS:

If you are a veteran claiming Veterans' Preference, please attach your DD-214
"Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty," showing all dates of
service, receipt of medals and campaign badges, as well as character of service
(Honorable, General, etc.). The member 4 copy of your DD-214, "Certificate of
Release or Discharge from Active Duty," is preferable.

A complete Application Package must be submitted and received prior to 11:59,
ET, on the closing date. The following documents are required for your
application package to be complete. Our office cannot be responsible for
incompatible software, illegible fax transmissions, delays in the mail service,
your system failure or downtime, etc. Failure to submit required, legible
documents may result in loss of consideration.

Resume that includes the following information: 1) personal information; 2)
education; 3) work experience including the work schedule and hours worked per
week as well as dates of employment; and title, series and grade if applicable;
4) supervisor's phone number and e-mail address for each work period listed and
whether or not we may contact them for reference checks; and, 5) other
qualifications.

Other required documents as applicable:

Current/Former Career/Career-Conditional: Most recent non-award Notification of
Personnel Action (SF-50 or equivalent) showing that you are/were in the
competitive service, highest grade (or promotion potential) held on a permanent
basis, federal status, position title, series and grade AND most recently
completed performance appraisal (dated within 18 months) showing the official
rating of record, signed by the supervisor, or a statement as to why the
performance appraisal is unavailable. Do not submit a performance plan.
    Veteran Hiring Authorities: (VEOA, VRA, and 30% Disabled Veterans): DD-214
(Member 4 Copy). Disabled veterans must include your VA letter & SF-15 if
claiming 10 pt. preference. Current active duty members must submit a
certification that they are expected to be discharged or released from active
duty under honorable conditions not later than 120 days after the date the
certification is submitted.
    Schedule A, Persons with Disabilities: Schedule A letter from a physician,
local, state or federal rehabilitation office citing eligibility under 5 CFR
213.3102 (u).
    Certain Military Spouses under E.O. 13473: Verification of the marriage to
the service member (i.e., a marriage license or other legal documentation
verifying marriage), plus Permanent Change of Station: PCS orders issued within
the last 2 years, that: lists you as authorized to accompany the military member
to the new duty permanent station; the specific location; and the effective date
of the PCS OR Military disability of 100%: verification of the member's release
or discharge due to 100% disability (DD-214 and VA Letter) OR Death while
serving on active duty: 1) Verification of release or discharge due to death
(DD-214). 2) Verification of the member's death (DD-1300 and Death Certificate.
3) Statement certifying they are un-remarried widow or widower of the service
member.
    Foreign Service: Most recent Foreign Service Notification of Personnel
Action, showing that you were/are serving under an unlimited, career-type
appointment AND have completed at least 1 year of continuous service without a
break of a workday under one or more nontemporary Foreign Service appointments.

    CTAP/ICTAP: Certification of Expected Separation, Reduction-In-Force
Separation Notice, Notice of Proposed Removal, or appropriate OPM/Agency
certification; AND most recent performance evaluation; AND SF-50 demonstrating
your separation or the position from which you will be separated.
    Peace Corps/VISTA Volunteers: Documentation of no less than 24 months (Peace
Corps) or 1 year (VISTA) of continuous service and separated within 1 year of
completing the qualifying service.
    Peace Corps Staff: Documentation of no less than 36 months of continuous
service without a break in service of 3 days or more and separated within the 3
years of completing the qualifying service.
    Certain Family Members under E.O. 12721: Most recent non-award SF-50 and
performance appraisal.
    Interchange Agreement with Other Merit Systems: Documentation of eligibility
as listed in interchange agreement.
    Miscellaneous Authorities Not Regulated by the Office of Personnel
Management: (Postal Career Service Employees, Postal Service Commission
Employees, GAO, US Courts, etc.), Current Notification of Personnel Action (or
equivalent) that reflects your eligibility.
    Other Special Hiring Authorities: If you are claiming eligibility under a
Special Hiring Authority, you must submit supporting documents.

AGENCY CONTACT INFO:
Sheran Littlejohn
Phone: (202) 692-0186
Fax: (202) 692-0182
Email: sheran.littlejohn@wdc.usda.gov
Agency Information:
USDA(RBS)
1400 Independence Ave., S.W.
Washington, DC,
20250
USA
Fax: (202) 692-0182
WHAT TO EXPECT NEXT:
If you set up your USAJOBS account to send automatic email notifications, you
will receive an email acknowledging: 1) the submission of your online
Occupational Questionnaire and resume was successful,  2) if you were referred
to the selecting official for consideration, and  3) if you were selected or not
selected. If you choose not to set up automatic email notifications, you must
check your USAJOBS account for the latest status of your application. Your
application may be reviewed to verify that you meet the qualifications and
eligibility requirements for the position prior to issuing lists to a selecting
official. If further evaluation or interviews are required, you will be
contacted. Normally, a final job offer to the selected candidate is made within
30-60 days after the issuance of the certificate.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             514 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                    February 27, 1989, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Family battles poverty in rural New Brunswick

BYLINE: By John Spears Toronto Star

SECTION: INSIGHT; Pg. A18

LENGTH: 1217 words

DATELINE: MOUNT PLEASANT, N.B.


   MOUNT PLEASANT, N.B. - Arlo Fisher doesn't want to have it all. He would
settle for indoor plumbing.

Dipping water from a spring in the ground, crouching in the wretched lean-to
that serves as a toilet, or trying to block the cracks around the windows in the
midst of a frigid New Brunswick winter, Fisher and his family know first-hand
the rigors of rural poverty.

A provincial task force has described New Brunswick housing conditions as
comparable to those in the Third World.

Perhaps. The Fishers don't spend much time comparing themselves with people in
distant countries. They're more preoccupied with surviving on welfare payments
of $681 a month.

Arlo and Connie Fisher, and their two sons, Todd, 19, and Robert, 17, are
trapped by poverty and a bureaucratic system that won't allow them to repair
their home, and can't provide a new one.

The provincial housing task force report, released this month, made dwelling
conditions the focus of the problem of poverty in New Brunswick.

It is without question the most visible sign of the desperate conditions
suffered by 30,000 New Brunswick families - and of the government policies that
sometimes conspire to perpetuate them.

The report recommended that the province introduce legislation to impose minimum
standards on new and existing housing in both rural and urban areas.

The 10 task force members said they were shocked by the living conditions of
some of the province's poorest residents.

The Fishers' home is on a gravel road just a few kilometres off the Trans-Canada
Highway. Fredericton is about 160 kilometres (100 miles) to the southwest.
Travel a few kilometres to the north, and you'll arrive in Florenceville, home
of the McCain food empire, and one of Canada's greatest private fortunes.

The Fishers' private fortune is undoubtedly among Canada's smallest.

The front of their house is clad in black, tarry siding boards. Call it what you
will. Ten-test, black-jack, tar-soaked cardboard. The roof is new and apparently
well-sealed "rolled roofing" - heavy, tarry material nailed in swathes on the
roof.

A new, tight storm door matches new, double-glazed front windows.

But walk around to the rear of the house, and the facade is revealed for what it
is. Every kind of walling material imaginable has been nailed in a hodge-podge
to form the patchwork walls. Cracks and gaps around the venerable rear windows
let in the freezing drafts of the bitter New Brunswick winter.

Inside, about one-third of the floor space has been partitioned off into rooms
for the two boys. The main room is dominated by a double bed for Arlo and Connie
Fisher. Insulation is fastened to the unfinished ceiling. The floor is another
patchwork of unmatched linoleum scraps.

There's an easy chair, a table for eating, a new wood stove and a washing
machine; the Fishers fill it by carrying buckets from the spring beside their
house.

The spring is a shallow depression that Fisher scooped out with a shovel when he
was looking for a place to dig a hole for the outhouse a few years ago. Water
bubbles into it from underground. After one bucket is scooped out, the water
grows slightly murky with silt stirred up from the bottom.

The big Dodge Mirada sitting in front of the house strikes an incongruous note.
The Fishers used to have a Honda, but a man who wanted a smaller car traded them
the Dodge for the Honda. He had recently paid $1,500 for the Dodge.

The Fishers' house has one virtue: It is cheap, and the Fishers own it outright.
But surely better housing is available for such an obviously needy family as the
Fishers.

In fact, it is not. Most new housing is provided under the Rural and Native
Housing Program. It is run by New Brunswick Housing Corp., with Ottawa funding
75 per cent of the cost.

Claudia Tucker, New Brunswick Housing's regional director, says that the housing
authority had enough money to build 15 new homes in the Fishers' area last year.
There were 150 applicants.

Arlo Fisher worries that he might not be able to afford a "free house," in any
case. The rent, he fears, might be as much as $200 a month.

Fisher bought his current house from his mother six years ago, and moved it to
its present site.

Because they own it, the Fishers pay only for electricity and, in the winter,
about $90 a month for stovewood.

Some of the heat is wasted by the bad windows, of course.

Fisher explains why only half the windows were replaced. He got a loan from New
Brunswick Power Corp. to improve the house's heat retention. But he could only
afford payments of $26 a month, and that would only buy enough to replace half
the windows.

"I'd like to have a loan to fix this place up," says Fisher. He'd like a
bathroom indoors, and maybe a separate room for him and his wife.

He has asked for loans or grants to do the work, but was turned down. "They said
the house wasn't worth putting that kind of money into."

Even to install plumbing in the current house, without building a separate
bathroom, Fisher runs into obstacles.

The government would help him buy a pump, to supply water pressure for indoor
plumbing. But Fisher would have to come up with the cash to drill the well and
install the plumbing. He doesn't have it, so the Fishers continue to trek to the
lean-to in the bush, as the frozen excrement mounds ever higher in the winter
weather.

So the Fishers are stuck. They can't improve the house they have. There's no new
house available. And if a new house did materialize, it's unlikely they would be
able to afford it.

Fisher hasn't had work for several years. He's 48, but has a bad heart, diabetes
and arthritis. Prospects of employment aren't good.

There isn't a lot of steady work around, anyway. Richard Shelley, who heads a
group in nearby Woodstock dealing with rural poverty, says that recently a
potato chip company advertised a steady job for a full-time driver/salesman.
There were 325 applicants.

Ten years ago, the Fishers tried to get a fresh start in Alberta during the oil
boom. That was just after their youngest boy had died of leukemia in a Halifax
hospital.

It didn't work out. Arlo worked on a farm, often seven days a week. They lived
in a trailer ("That was OK; we saved lots of money," says Connie), but Arlo's
health deteriorated, and the boys weren't happy in school.

They moved back to New Brunswick and their present dwelling. Connie and the boys
have occasionally found work during the potato harvest, but nothing steady.

But there's a stubborn pride up and down the poverty-stricken back roads,
despite the squalor. Across the road is a dwelling that looks even more
dilapidated, and more fantastically constructed than the Fishers'.

Asked if they're satisfied with their living conditions, the residents insist
they are content.

A television crew starts filming some of the buildings along the road, while a
photographer shoots some pictures for The Star.

A resident in a grimy jacket and shapeless tuque notices the outsiders as he
struggles to start a reluctant chainsaw.

Pride, humiliation and resentment sound in his voice as he yells at the
intruders.

"If all I had to do was walk up and down the road and look at other people's
houses, I'd buy a new chainsaw," he shouts.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photos (DOROTHY SCOTT FOR THE TORONTO STAR) Connie, Robert & Arlo
Fisher; Fisher house

                  Copyright 1989 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             515 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Sunday Observer (Sri Lanka)

                            January 30, 2011 Sunday

Infrastructure developed at rapid pace in Moneragala for Deyata Kirula
exhibition

LENGTH: 587  words

DATELINE: Sri Lanka


Sri Lanka, Jan. 30 -- The 5th Deyata Kirula exhibition will be held at Buttala
in the Moneragala District from February 4 to 10 to coincide with the
Independence Day Celebrations. This is the first Deyata Kirula to be held in
this neglected remote district with the objective of delivering the fruits of
development to the rural masses. The organising committee of the exhibition said
that the government has implemented a massive development program in the
Moneragala District in connection with the Deyata Kirula program under the theme
"let's create a new Wellassa".

Under this program the government will spend over Rs. 6 bln to build and
renovate the road infrastructure, provide water,electricity, telephone
connections, housing, education and irrigation.

A total of Rs. 4 bln. will be spent to renovate the road network in the area. A
45km stretch of road from Udawalawe to Thanamalvila, a 60 km stretch from
Badalkumbura to Sellakataragama, the road from Maligavila to Buttala, the Bibila
- Moneragala road, internal roads to the exhibition site will be developed while
the provincial council will also repair and renovate roads that are coming under
its purview.

A total of 121 power projects in the Moneragala district will be handed over to
the people, said Power and Energy Minister Patali Champika Ranawaka.

The 121 power projects are being completed under the sub projects of Vidulamu
Sri Lanka, Moneragala rural power project Number 4 and the accelerated rural
power project. The 121 projects will benefit 5727 families and will cost Rs.
716.42 mln.

Under Vidulamu Sri Lanka, Moneragala, it is planned to build 90 power projects
while already 77 projects are completed. The project will benefit 2144 families
and the estimated cost is Rs. 270 mln.

The rural power project number 4 will provide power to nine projects under a
SIDA loan of Rs. 97 mln. Construction is completed and it will cater to the
needs of 603 families. In addition to these power will also be provided under
the accelerated rural power scheme where 22 projects will be built at a cost of
Rs. 348 mln. A total of 2380 families will benefit and already 14 projects are
completed.

A total of Rs. 200 mln has been disbursed by the state banks as housing loans
among low income people and state employees.

The government is spending Rs. 790 mln on water supply schemes which includes
renovation and new connections.

Another Rs. 400 mln is being spent to improve the telephone infrastructure in
the district and Rs. 400 mln is being spent to renovate the hospitals to provide
a better service to the people of Buttala and the environs. Under the township
development project the towns of Buttala and Wellawaya are being developed.

To develop sports and recreation in the area the grounds of Thanamalvila and
Moneragala will be improved while 70 courts in the neighbouring areas too are
being developed at a cost of Rs. 70 mln. Moneragala remained the least developed
district for several decades and although the national poverty level remained at
13 percent in the case of the Moneragala. it stands at 33 percent with per
capita income at US $ 1,200 despite the national per capita income being over $
2,000. There are 58,360 Samurdhi recipients in the district. Over 12,000 of
these families are being enrolled in self-employment schemes. Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Sunday Observer (Sri Lanka). For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


            Copyright 2011 The Associated Newspapers of Ceylon Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             516 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 24, 2014 Wednesday

Rural Business-Cooperative Service: Business Loan and Grant Analyst DC-2014-0109

LENGTH: 3458  words

DATELINE: Washington


The United States Office of Personnel Management has issued the following job
announcement:

Job Title:Business Loan and Grant Analyst

Department:Department Of Agriculture

Agency:Rural Business-Cooperative Service

Job Announcement Number:DC-2014-0109
SALARY RANGE:
 $75,621.00 to $116,901.00 / Per Year
OPEN PERIOD:
 Wednesday, September 24, 2014 to Sunday, October 5, 2014
SERIES & GRADE:
 GS-1101-12/13
POSITION INFORMATION:
 Full-Time - Permanent
PROMOTION POTENTIAL:
13
DUTY LOCATIONS:
 1 vacancy - District of Columbia, DC View Map
WHO MAY APPLY:
 Current permanent Federal employees with competitive status, reinstatement
eligibles, persons with disabilities, VEOA eligibles, certain military spouses,
30% or more disabled veterans, former Peace Corps or VISTA volunteers,
CTAP/ICTAP eligibles, Farm Service Agency permanent county employees and those
eligible for other Special Hiring Authorities.
SECURITY CLEARANCE:
 Public Trust - Background Investigation
SUPERVISORY STATUS:
 No
JOB SUMMARY:

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural Development Agency serves rural
communities throughout the country by investing in their communities through
housing and utility infrastructure, by increasing economic opportunity, and by
improving the quality of life for all rural Americans.  Rural Development
provides over 40 loan and grant programs in the Rural Housing and Community
Facilities Service, Rural Business and Cooperative Service, and Rural Utilities
Service. Rural Development supports a positive work environment and promotes
diversity and inclusion for nearly 5,000 employees.

Rural Development is a dynamic organization recruiting for employees who possess
the energy, compassion, and commitment to serve those in rural communities and
will enjoy working in a fast paced and results driven organization.  Our
commitment is to expand economic opportunity and quality of life in all of rural
America by providing financial programs to support essential public facilities
and services such as water and sewer systems, housing, health clinics, emergency
service facilities and electric and telephone service.  Rural Development offers
a friendly and professional working environment and such excellent benefits as:
a generous salary, alternative work schedules, paid vacation and sick leave,
paid holidays, retirement and supplemental savings plan, a wide array of health,
dental, vision, and life insurance plans, flexible spending accounts, and
long-term care insurance.

This position is located in the Specialty Lenders Processing Branch, Specialty
Lenders Division (SLD), under the Deputy Administrator, Business Programs, Rural
Development.  The Specialty Lenders Division is responsible for developing and
recommending operating plans, policies, and procedures that regulate and guide
SLD loan and grant processing, administration, and monitoring activities.  The
SLD Processing Branch loan and grant programs currently include: Intermediary
Relending Program (IRP), Rural Business Development Grants (RBDG), Rural
Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP), Rural Business Investment Program
(RBIP), and the Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant (REDLG) programs.

This announcement maybe used to fill additional or subsequent vacancies that are
identified by the organization.
TRAVEL REQUIRED

Occasional Travel
    5%

RELOCATION AUTHORIZED

No

KEY REQUIREMENTS

US Citizenship is required.
    Selective Service Registration is required for males born after 12/31/1959.
    A 1-year probationary period is required.
    For the GS-13 level, OGE Form 450 is required.
    As a condition of employment a background investigation is required.

DUTIES:
Back to top

Performs analyses of a full range of financial data including but not limited to
financial statements, financial forecasts and feasibility studies for business
and specialty lenders.
    Monitor industry economic and financing trends and make evaluations and
recommendations regarding the impact of such trends on potential and existing
borrowers and grantees in terms of security interests, the soundness of federal
investment, business, community, and economic development funding needs, and the
projected ability of the borrower or grantee to perform.
    Prepare, analyze, interpret and review nonstandard and standard legal
documents in support of loans, loan guarantees, and grants.
    Evaluate business and specialty industry organizations' operational and
financial characteristics in processing difficult and complex loan, guaranteed
loan, and grant applications.
    Provides information clearinghouse functions to potential clients, grantees
and borrowers.
    Assist with the development of training seminars for internal and external
audiences.
    Incumbent may be called upon to assist with responses to Performance
assessment Rating Tool questions.

QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED:
Back to top

Applicants must meet all qualifications and eligiblity requirements by the
closing date of the announcement including time and grade restrictions and
specialized experience as defined below.

Time in grade: Applicant must meet one year at the next lower grade to be
considered for the next higher grade. (e.g., one year at the GS-11 grade level
for consideration to the GS-12 grade level and one year at the GS-12 grade level
for consideration at the GS-13 level).

For the GS-12 level: Applicants must have one year of specialized experience
equivalent to at least the GS-11 or its non-Federal equivalent that demonstrates
experience performing credit risk and financial statement analysis, including
applicable financial, managerial, operational economic, regulatory, loan
security, and legal problems and issues; experience assisting in Government
grant and loan policies, practices, laws, and regulations related to
construction and non-construction grants; experience utilizing automated
equipment and software to extract and analyze information and data and
experience presenting information orally and in writing.  There is no education
substitution for this grade.


For the GS-13 level:  Applicants must have one year of specialized experience
equivalent to at least the GS-12 or its non-Federal equivalent that demonstrates
experience performing credit risk and financial statement analysis, including
applicable financial, managerial, operational, economic, regulatory, loan
security, and legal problems and issues; experience in applying Government grant
and loan policies, practices, laws, and regulations related to construction and
non-construction grants; experience utilizing automated equipment and software
to extract and analyze information and data and experience presenting
information orally and in writing.  There is no education substitution for this
grade.

Note: To be considered for this position, you must meet all qualification and
eligibility requirements for the GS-1101 series set forth in the Office of
Personnel Management (OPM) Qualifications Standards by the closing date of
announcement. A copy is available at:
http://www.opm.opm.gov/qualifications/index.asp.

o  CONFIDENTIAL FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE REPORT: If selected, you will be required
to submit Form OGE-450 within 30 days of your initial appointment date, and
annually thereafter. Selectee is subject to financial Disclosure Requirements in
accordance with 5 CFR, Part 2635, Sub part E regarding business or personal
transactions with applicants, borrowers, or business contacts who have or who
are seeking business with this Agency. Selectee must be able to obtain and
maintain a security clearance. If selected you will be subject to a National
Agency Check and Inquiry (NACI) and a credit report.
o  If you are newly hired, the documentation you present for purposes of
completing the Department Homeland Security (DHS) Form I-9 on your entry-on-duty
date will be verified through the DHS "E-VERIFY" system. Federal law requires
the use of E-VERIFY to confirm the employment eligibility of all new hires.
Under this system, the new hire is required to resolve any identified
discrepancies as a condition of continued employment.
o  To be eligible for appointment to this position, the new hire must be cleared
to come on board once the results of the fingerprint check, review of the
OF-306, Declaration for Federal Employment, and the candidate's Electronic
Questionnaires for Investigations Processing (eQIP) entries have been reviewed
and determined to be satisfactory.  This position requires a favorable credit
check as part of the background investigation.
o  Selectee must be able to obtain and maintain a security clearance. If
selected you may be subject to a National Agency Check and Inquiry (NACI) and a
credit report inquiry.
HOW YOU WILL BE EVALUATED:

You will be evaluated based on your qualifications for this position as
evidenced by the education, experience, and training you described in your
application package, as well as the responses to the Occupational Questionnaire
to determine the degree to which you possess the knowledge, skills, abilities
and competencies listed below:

Program Administration/Project Management
        Commercial and Community Loan and Grant Making
        Oral Communication
        Written Communication

We will review your application, including the online Occupational
Questionnaire, to ensure you meet the job requirements and assess your ability
to perform this job. Before any certificate can be issued to the selecting
official, the resume and supporting documents are reviewed by an HR Specialist
to ensure that (a) minimum qualification requirements are met and (b) the resume
supports the answers provided to the job-specific questions. Your answers will
be verified against information provided in your online resume and application.
Be sure that your resume clearly supports your responses to all the questions
addressing experience and education relevant to this position.
    Applicants who meet the basic minimum qualification requirements and are
determined to be among the best qualified candidates will be referred to the
hiring manager for consideration. Non-Competitive candidates need to meet
minimum qualification requirements to be referred.

Note: If, after reviewing your resume and / or supporting documentation, a
determination is made that you have inflated your qualifications and or
experience, your score can / will be lowered to more accurately reflect the
submitted documentation. Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or
omissions may affect your rating. Deliberate attempts to falsify information may
be grounds for not selecting you.

To view the application form, visit:
https://rbcs.usda.ntis.gov/cp/?event=jobs.previewApplication&jobid=4ac5a59f-15ef
-41fe-9618-a3aa00fbab1b

BENEFITS:
Back to top

You can review our benefits at:
http://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/healthcare/enrollment/new-federal-employ
ee-enrollment/


OTHER INFORMATION:
o  If you are selected for a position with further promotion potential, you will
be placed under a career development plan, and may be non-competitively promoted
if you successfully complete the requirements and if recommended by management.
However, promotion is neither implied nor guaranteed.
o  This position is eligible for telework and other flexible work arrangements.
Employee participation is at the discretion of the supervisor.
o  Persons with disabilities who require alternative means for communication of
program information (Braille, large print, audiotape, etc) should contact: USDAs
TARGET Center at 202-720-2600 (voice and TDD).
o  BACKGROUND INVESTIGATION AND FINGERPRINT CHECK:  Selection and retention in
this position is contingent on a successfully adjudicated FBI National Criminal
History Check (fingerprint check) and a background investigation.
o  Career Transition Assistance Plan(CTAP) or Interagency Career Transition
Assistance Plan (ICTAP):   If you are claiming CTAP/ICTAP eligibility, provide
proof of eligibility to include your most recent performance appraisal, SF-50,
and proof of eligibility such as a RIF separation notice or letter from OPM/your
agency.  CTAP/ICTAP eligibles will be considered well-qualified if achieving a
rating of 85 or above.  Information about CTAP/ICTAP eligibility is on OPMs
Career Transition Resources website at http://www.opm.gov/ctap/index.asp.
HOW TO APPLY:
Back to top

Please read the entire announcement and all the instructions before you begin.
The following instructions outline our application process.

You must complete this application process and submit all required documents
electronically by 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time (ET) on the closing date of this
announcement.
    We are available to assist you during business hours normally (8:00 a.m. -
4:00 p.m., Monday - Friday). Applying online is highly encouraged. If applying
online poses a hardship, please contact our office during business hours well
before the closing date for an alternate method. All hardship application
packages with supporting documents must be submitted no later than noon on the
closing date of the announcement in order to be entered into the system prior to
its closing.
    This agency provides reasonable accommodation to applicants with
disabilities on a case-by-case basis; contact us if you are requesting this.

Step 1: Create a USAJOBS account (if you do not have one) at www.usajobs.gov. It
is recommended that as part of your profile you set up automatic email
notification to be informed when the status of your application changes. If you
choose not to set up this automatic notification, then you will have to log into
your USAJOBS account to check on the status of your application.


Step 2: Create a resume with USAJOBS or upload a resume into your USAJOBS
account. Customize your resume to ensure it documents duties and accomplishments
you have gained that are directly related to this position in order to verify
that qualifications are met. Your resume must support your responses to the
online questionnaire (you may preview the online questionnaire by clicking on
the link at the end of the How You Will Be Evaluated section of the job
announcement).

Step 3: Click "Apply Online" and follow the prompts to complete the Occupational
Questionnaire and attach any additional documents that may be required.
You can update your application or documents anytime while the announcement is
open. Log into your USAJOBS account and click on "Application Status." Click on
the position title, and then select "Update Application" to continue.
NOTE: Verify that uploaded documents from USAJOBs transfer into the Agency's
staffing system. Once in the Agency's staffing system you will have the
opportunity to upload additional documents. Uploaded documents must be less than
3MB and in one of the following document formats: GIF, JPG, JPEG, PNG, RTF, PDF,
or Word (DOC or DOCX).


REQUIRED DOCUMENTS:

If you are a veteran claiming Veterans' Preference, please attach your DD-214
"Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty," showing all dates of
service, receipt of medals and campaign badges, as well as character of service
(Honorable, General, etc.). The member 4 copy of your DD-214, "Certificate of
Release or Discharge from Active Duty," is preferable.

A complete Application Package must be submitted and received prior to 11:59,
ET, on the closing date. The following documents are required for your
application package to be complete. Our office cannot be responsible for
incompatible software, illegible fax transmissions, delays in the mail service,
your system failure or downtime, etc. Failure to submit required, legible
documents may result in loss of consideration.

Resume that includes the following information: 1) personal information; 2)
education; 3) work experience including the work schedule and hours worked per
week as well as dates of employment; and title, series and grade if applicable;
4) supervisor's phone number and e-mail address for each work period listed and
whether or not we may contact them for reference checks; and, 5) other
qualifications.

Other required documents as applicable:

Current/Former Career/Career-Conditional: Most recent non-award Notification of
Personnel Action (SF-50 or equivalent) showing that you are/were in the
competitive service, highest grade (or promotion potential) held on a permanent
basis, federal status, position title, series and grade AND most recently
completed performance appraisal (dated within 18 months) showing the official
rating of record, signed by the supervisor, or a statement as to why the
performance appraisal is unavailable. Do not submit a performance plan.
    Veteran Hiring Authorities: (VEOA, VRA, and 30% Disabled Veterans): DD-214
(Member 4 Copy). Disabled veterans must include your VA letter & SF-15 if
claiming 10 pt. preference. Current active duty members must submit a
certification that they are expected to be discharged or released from active
duty under honorable conditions not later than 120 days after the date the
certification is submitted.
    Schedule A, Persons with Disabilities: Schedule A letter from a physician,
local, state or federal rehabilitation office citing eligibility under 5 CFR
213.3102 (u).
    Certain Military Spouses under E.O. 13473: Verification of the marriage to
the service member (i.e., a marriage license or other legal documentation
verifying marriage), plus Permanent Change of Station: PCS orders issued within
the last 2 years, that: lists you as authorized to accompany the military member
to the new duty permanent station; the specific location; and the effective date
of the PCS OR Military disability of 100%: verification of the member's release
or discharge due to 100% disability (DD-214 and VA Letter) OR Death while
serving on active duty: 1) Verification of release or discharge due to death
(DD-214). 2) Verification of the member's death (DD-1300 and Death Certificate.
3) Statement certifying they are un-remarried widow or widower of the service
member.
    Foreign Service: Most recent Foreign Service Notification of Personnel
Action, showing that you were/are serving under an unlimited, career-type
appointment AND have completed at least 1 year of continuous service without a
break of a workday under one or more nontemporary Foreign Service appointments.

    CTAP/ICTAP: Certification of Expected Separation, Reduction-In-Force
Separation Notice, Notice of Proposed Removal, or appropriate OPM/Agency
certification; AND most recent performance evaluation; AND SF-50 demonstrating
your separation or the position from which you will be separated.
    Peace Corps/VISTA Volunteers: Documentation of no less than 24 months (Peace
Corps) or 1 year (VISTA) of continuous service and separated within 1 year of
completing the qualifying service.
    Peace Corps Staff: Documentation of no less than 36 months of continuous
service without a break in service of 3 days or more and separated within the 3
years of completing the qualifying service.
    Certain Family Members under E.O. 12721: Most recent non-award SF-50 and
performance appraisal.
    Interchange Agreement with Other Merit Systems: Documentation of eligibility
as listed in interchange agreement.
    Miscellaneous Authorities Not Regulated by the Office of Personnel
Management: (Postal Career Service Employees, Postal Service Commission
Employees, GAO, US Courts, etc.), Current Notification of Personnel Action (or
equivalent) that reflects your eligibility.
    Other Special Hiring Authorities: If you are claiming eligibility under a
Special Hiring Authority, you must submit supporting documents.

AGENCY CONTACT INFO:
Sheran Littlejohn
Phone: (202) 692-0186
Fax: (202) 692-0182
Email: sheran.littlejohn@wdc.usda.gov
Agency Information:
USDA(RBS)
1400 Independence Ave., S.W.
Washington, DC,
20250
USA
Fax: (202) 692-0182
WHAT TO EXPECT NEXT:
If you set up your USAJOBS account to send automatic email notifications, you
will receive an email acknowledging: 1) the submission of your online
Occupational Questionnaire and resume was successful,  2) if you were referred
to the selecting official for consideration, and  3) if you were selected or not
selected. If you choose not to set up automatic email notifications, you must
check your USAJOBS account for the latest status of your application. Your
application may be reviewed to verify that you meet the qualifications and
eligibility requirements for the position prior to issuing lists to a selecting
official. If further evaluation or interviews are required, you will be
contacted. Normally, a final job offer to the selected candidate is made within
30-60 days after the issuance of the certificate.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             517 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               Messenger-Inquirer

                          November 24, 2005, Thursday

Lighthouse loan application denied

BYLINE: By David Blackburn

LENGTH: 716 words



When Lighthouse Recovery Inc. was denied funds to help build a men's
substance-abuse recovery center in April, it was told a few minor errors on the
online application were to blame.

Lighthouse president J.D. Meyer, after talking to Federal Home Loan Bank of
Cincinnati then, thought approval would be likely in the September application
period, he said Wednesday.

So, Meyer couldn't explain the latest denial for Affordable Housing Program
funds to build a 100-bed, 28,000-square-foot facility at Veach Road and Higdon
Lane.

"I'm disappointed but not discouraged," said Meyer, who plans to re-apply in
April.

The Kentucky Housing Corp. and First Security Bank of Owensboro, the local
Federal Home Loan Bank member through which Lighthouse is applying, are still
supportive of the local effort, he said.

"What this means is instead of starting construction in May or June, it will be
September or October of 2006," Meyer said.

Meyer learned of the denial Tuesday in a Nov. 17 letter from Carol Peterson,
senior vice president of the Federal Home Loan Bank, to him and First Security
president John Edge.

The agency received 109 applications requesting $ 26.6 million and suggested 50
of them for approval to the next step, the letter said.

"Your application for the Owensboro Regional Recovery project met the threshold
and was scored," she wrote. "However, the available funds were exhausted before
your application could be included among those recommended for funding."

"I was surprised when I heard that," said Mike Townsend, Housing Corp.
supportive housing program administrator and Recovery Kentucky program
coordinator, in Frankfort.

"I had the same impression, that they were in good hands," Townsend said. "I
felt they were going to be a good candidate for (funding)."

Recovery Kentucky wants to create six men's and four women's facilities to offer
peer-based help for addicts, he said. Thus far, no community in the state has
moved forward with a facility.

"We're still in need for more men's facilities," he said. "Owensboro would be a
key location for western Kentucky."

The project's application scored a 59.5 out of 100, which was about what it
scored in April, Meyer said.

The application received the maximum number of points for income targeting,
promoting empowerment, providing housing for homeless households and meeting
special needs.

It got nearly all of the maximum points for community stability (5 of 7) and
project sponsorship (4 of 5).

But it got only 2 of 6 possible points for subsidy per unit created, which deals
with how efficiently the money is used.

And it scored only 4.5 of 15 points for member financial partnership, although
First Security "did everything they could to get us as many points as we could,"
Meyer said.

Some bank employees have said they would help landscape the site, he added.

The application received no points since it is not located in Appalachia, isn't
going to be on donated or conveyed land, won't be for first-time home buyers and
qualifies as neither urban nor renewal housing.

Lighthouse has a purchase agreement with board member Corine Hedden for the
facility site, Meyer said.

It is close enough to take advantage of resources, but is in the county so as
not to affect the city's Section 8 voucher availability, Meyer said.

But it doesn't qualify as being rural housing because Daviess County's
population is too large, he said.

Until April, Meyer said, "We're going to work with people at the Federal Home
Loan Bank and Kentucky Housing Corp. to make sure our application is approved."

He plans to work with other communities that have been funded to learn how to
improve the local chances of approval.

The delay "just means the light at the end of the tunnel is still on," Meyer
said. "It's just the hallway got a little longer.

"We've just got to be patient."


-----

To see more of the Messenger-Inquirer, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.messenger-inquirer.com.

Copyright (c) 2005, Messenger-Inquirer, Owensboro, Ky.

Distributed by Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News.

For information on republishing this content, contact us at (800) 661-2511
(U.S.), (213) 237-4914 (worldwide), fax (213) 237-6515, or e-mail
reprints@krtinfo.com.

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

KR-ACC-NO: OW-BIZ-LOAN-20051124

JOURNAL-CODE: OW

               Copyright 2005 Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News
                       Copyright 2005 Messenger-Inquirer


                             518 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Coventry Evening Telegraph (England)

                            July 25, 2007 Wednesday
                                Nuneaton Edition

'Affordability' issue highlighted

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 123

LENGTH: 398 words


A WARWICKSHIRE developer has welcomed Gordon Brown's call to build three million
new homes across the country by 2020 - but says a radical look at improving
affordability is vital to ease the housing crisis.

Ken Linfoot, chairman and chief executive of Great Alnebased Linfoot Homes, says
the new Prime Minister's proposals are a step in the right direction.

But he says merely setting targets to increase house building is one thing -
actually achieving that output and ensuring people can afford to buy the new
homes requires drastic action.

Mr Linfoot has drawn up an seven-point plan to help ease the financial burden of
home ownership and help more young people to get a foot on the property ladder.

He suggests the following measures: The stamp duty threshold should be raised to
pounds 200,000.

Mortgage tax relief for first time buyers should be reintroduced.

Lower fixed rate mortgages should be encouraged for first time buyers and for
longer periods of time.

Proposals for the introduction of a planning gain land tax should be dropped.

The development of brownfield sites should be allowed irrespective of location.

Sites should be identified in all small towns and villages for small-scale
development for sale to "local" people - that definition to include those who
live within a reasonable distance of the homes being built and people moving
into the area to work.

Where homes are sold to locals there should not be any insistence that future
sales are restricted only to those in the area, to avoid complications.

Mr Linfoot has been a strong campaigner for releasing additional land to provide
homes for "ordinary" families who want decent, well-designed homes with gardens
and enough space for their children.

He recently issued a plea to planners and parish councils to release small
pockets of land for housing in rural areas - both for social housing and for
people wanting to buy homes in villages and small towns.

His company, which he runs with his wife Helen and daughter Claire Linfoot
McLean, is behind a recent, small "affordable homes" development in Long
Compton, using local materials, on land which would otherwise not have been
released for housing.

The scheme, Knights Court, was the first of its kind to be developed under a
Stratford District Council initiative to enable local people to remain in their
own villages.

For more information visit www.linfoothomes.co.uk

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: STRATEGY... Ken Linfoot.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 Coventry Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             519 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                  The State Journal-Register(Springfield, IL)

                            February 11, 2001 Sunday

SHA banking on $35 million investment ;
 Officials hope neighborhood sparks revitalization

BYLINE: JOHN REYNOLDS STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NEWS, Pg. 5

LENGTH: 401 words


When the John Hay Homes were built a little over 60 years ago, the final cost of
the cramped, barracks-style apartment complex was $2.7 million.

Since then, the cost of affordable housing has gone up. The estimated cost of
the Madison Park Place Development, for example, is $35 million.

Officials at the Springfield Housing Authority say that figure includes more
than just the infrastructure at the 33-acre site and the cost of building the
150 rental units and 44 lease-to-own homes. Madison Park Place, according to
officials, is envisioned as the spark that ignites a flurry of revitalization
throughout the east side neighborhoods.

Jacqueline Richie, project manager for the SHA, said construction of the rental
units cost about $17.8 million. The lease-to-own homes came to about $6.9
million.

The figures include infrastructure costs such as roads, streetlights and sewer
lines.

The other $10 million was spent on architectural, engineering and legal fees.

Funding for the project came from a variety of sources:

* $12.2 million from the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development's Hope
6 program. The Hope 6 project created a pool of federal money for local housing
authorities to reconfigure troubled apartment complexes. Madison Park Place
apparently is the first Hope 6 project to be completed in Illinois.

* $12.2 million from LR Development, a private company that was brought in to
develop and manage the rental units.

* $7 million from other funds, such as Illinois Housing Development Authority
loans, federal loans and local funds.

* About $3. 2 million is expected to be raised from the eventual sale of the 44
homes.

Even though Madison Park Place has replaced the John Hay Homes, the old housing
project will not be completely forgotten.

Bill Logan, executive director of the Springfield Housing Authority, said the
original, 60-year-old dedication plaque from the Hay Homes will be installed at
Madison Park Place's park.

After all, even though the last years of the old development were less than
ideal, the homes were a part of Springfield's history, and thousands of good,
solid people - including police officers and at least one mayor - came through
the Hay Homes, Logan said.

"The John Hay Homes meant a lot to a many families in Springfield," Logan said.
"We don't want people to forget that."

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: ON WEB SITE

                   Copyright 2001 The State Journal-Register


                             520 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   September 8, 1983, Thursday, Final Edition

Occoquan Seeks $350,000 U.S. Loan To Help Build Waterfront Restaurant

SECTION: Virginia Weekly; Cities & Towns; Va. 6

LENGTH: 160 words


The town of Occoquan is applying for a $350,000 federal loan to help develop a
$1.4 million private waterfront restaurant, part of a marina complex being built
on the Occoquan River between I-95 and Rte. 1.

The planned Pier 5 Restaurant, about a half mile downriver from the historic
Prince William County town, would be completed by fall 1984 if the grant money
is approved, Richard Krauss, the project's major developer, said this week.

Krauss, who is developing a $1.1 million marina complex on the site, also owns
the Sea Sea Restaurant and the Prince William Marina, which are located within
the town limits.

The federal loan to finance the new restaurant, proposed to be built in the
Victorian style of Occoquan buildings and seat 300 persons, would come from the
$440 million in Urban Development Action Grants of the U.S. Department of
Housing and Urban Development. HUD has earmarked 25 percent of the grants for
small cities and towns.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1983 The Washington Post


                             521 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       BBC Monitoring Trans Caucasus Unit
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                           September 6, 2012 Thursday

Programme summary of Iranian Mazandaran Province TV news 1215 gmt 4 Sep 12

LENGTH: 322 words


A. Headlines.

B. Provincial news:

1. 1216 Roads and Urban Development Minister Nikzad has attended a ceremony to
inaugurate several housing units in Babol Township. Video shows housing
construction sites and Nikzad interviewed on the process of housing construction
in the country.

2. 1218 Report on the launch of the 21st nationwide Koran-reciting competition
in the city of Sari.

3. 1221 A Mazandaran scientist on mechanical engineering, Domiri Ganji, is
interviewed about his scientific achievements.

4. 1222 The head of Mazandaran's Cultural Heritage, Handicrafts and Tourism
Organization, Farzaneh, is interviewed about nominating a cultural and
historical site in Ramsar Township as a UNESCO Heritage Site.

5. 1224 Around 17bn tumans (approximately 13m dollars) in loans have been
allocated for gas supplies to provincial villages.

6. 1224 Video report on the heavy rains and flood that occurred in Mazandaran's
Miyandorud Township on 22 August. Relevant officials are interviewed about
measures taken to resolve problems caused by the flood.

7. 1228 Stock market news.

8. 1228 Mazandaran residents have donated funds and products worth 340m tumans
(about 277,000) to help the victims of the 11 August earthquake in East
Azarbayjan Province.

C. 1230 Weather forecast.

D. 1232 News in brief, including:

1. 1232 Local announcement on the renovation of electricity cables in provincial
villages.

2. 1232 A total of 3bn tumans (around 2m dollars) in loans have been allocated
for water supply projects in Tonekabon Township.

3. 1232 Report on road construction in Amol Township.

4. 1233 Report on the computerization of high-school classes in Neka Township.

5. 1233 The managing director of Nowshahr airport has said that Nowshahr-Mashhad
flights will be launched soon.

E. 1233 Sports.

F. 1235 Calendar and prayer times.

1236 End of bulletin.

Source: Vision of the Islamic Republic of Iran Mazandaran Provincial TV, Sari,
in Persian 1215 gmt 4 Sep 12

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2012 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             522 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                  The Business

                                August 14, 2005

CHERYL TAYLOR

BYLINE: Cheryl Taylor

LENGTH: 983 words


The cost of cleaning up brownfield sites, coupled with up-front development
costs and increased affordable housing requirements, have taken their toll on
urban land values. Their price growth has been below that of greenfield land for
five years.

Now, with static sale prices and the slump in off-plan sales on new build flats,
urban land values look set to fall by 3% in 2005, according to research from
estate agent Savills.

Driving this drop in land values is declining developer confidence in the face
of sluggish sales and mounting development costs. Such problems do not affect
greenfield sites, where costs are lower, sales rates are higher and there is a
scarcity value, say Savills, who expect continued demand for this type of land
in 2005, resulting in price rises of 5% by the end of the year.

Yolande Barnes, head of Savills research department points out there will be
wide variations around the average fall in urban land values: "Some good sites
will hold their value, but under certain circumstances, we would expect to see
far more significant value falls."

Circumstances that would exacerbate a fall in land values include high levels of
unsold, new build supply, low quality land, site contamination, uncertainty
about planning permission and onerous affordable housing requirements.

"Any one of these factors will have a more negative impact on land values than a
softening of the market alone. A combination of these would mean that we would
expect to see significant value drops way above the -3% forecasted nationally,"
says Barnes.

Good sites in prime locations, where planning permission has been secured and
where demand for new flats remains relatively strong, are expected to hold their
value.


More farm land for sale

THERE is more agricultural land on the market than at any time over the past
three years, as many farmers opt to sell after the end of uncertainty over
Common Agricultural Policy (CAP) reform.

Since the deadline for CAP reform on 16 May, commercial and residential farmland
has become more available, according to the Royal Institution of Chartered
Surveyors (RICS). This raises concerns that this could flood the market and hit
prices in the year ahead, says RICS.

Prices fell for the second consecutive quarter, having reached a record high at
the end of 2004. Prices slipped back 3% from their peak, but are still up by 10%
over the year to the second quarter, compared to a 16% rise in the first
quarter. Bare land prices - land that is not farmed, such as moorland - continue
to rise, seeing an increase of 14% over the past year.

The slowing is most apparent for residential farmland, due to the negative
impact of interest rate rises and a cooling housing market. But overall demand
remains firm, according to the survey.

Non-farming individual buyers' activity rose in the second quarter, although
their purchase levels have dropped significantly over the past 18 months, as the
housing market slows. The share of rural land bought by agricultural businesses
reached 8%, its highest level yet, but purchases by independent farmers fell.

Surveyors still predict price rises over the coming year, though these have
become less optimistic as a sluggish economy is likely to restrain demand.
Commercial farms are expected to see slight price falls. Over the past year,
prices rises have slowed across the county, though the South East and South West
are still showing double digit gains. Prices remain largely unchanged in
Yorkshire & Humberside, North West, Wales and Scotland.

According to RICS rural spokesperson Julian Sayers: "The greater availability of
land indicates a period of increased market activity in the year ahead. However,
the wider economic slowdown and subdued housing market will temper demand.
Nevertheless, it is encouraging that surveyors are yet to report a fall in
demand as interest in the rural lifestyle is still strong."


Student squeeze helps knock £17,000 off house price prediction

The price of an average UK house will be over £335,000 by 2025, compared with
£163,335 in 2005, according to the latest report on Housing Futures from the
Centre for Economics and Business Research (CEBR). This may sound like a strong
performance by property, but this estimate is £17,000 below the CEBR's
prediction made a year ago. The CEBR forecasts average annual house price
inflation between 2005 and 2025 of 3.95%, not 4.15%.

Managing director Mark Pragnell, says the main reason for the change is because
the CEBR has reduced its estimate for the number of households in the UK in
2025, from 29,336,000 to 29,676,000, reflecting a lower forecast for immigration
over the next 20 years. The financial pressure on young adults from student
loans will also have an effect.

According to the latest (2003/3) education department survey, 92% of final year
students had debts, owing an average of more than £9,500: "This will only get
worse as the government strives to achieve its target of 50% participation in
higher education, and ever-tighter finances in the university sector," says
Pragnell.

"We expect the rate of household formation to be held back as young people stay
at the parental home for longer, or share flats. So, we have adjusted our
forecast for the increase in the number of UK households over the next 20 years
to 13.6%, from 14.2%."

Pragnell remains sceptical about the Office of the Deputy Prime Minister's
attempts to ease the planning process for house building, but considers the
degree of under-achievement will be less than reckoned a year ago. The CEBR
forecast average annual house building running at slightly higher levels, at
204,000, rather than 199,000:

"The difference might sound trivial, but over the years to 2025 it will amount
to 100,000 extra homes, altering the supply-demand balance," he says.


LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2005

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Paper

                      Copyright 2005 Sunday Business Group


                             523 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             June 20, 2006 Tuesday
                                 State Edition

Ashland, Van Buren receive grants to help fund local projects;
County gets money for labor database

BYLINE: BEURMOND BANVILLE OF THE NEWS STAFF

SECTION: Pg. B3

LENGTH: 427 words

DATELINE: CARIBOU


Ashland, Van Buren and Aroostook County have received grants from the United
States Department of Agriculture and the Department of Housing and Urban
Development to assist with housing programs and to update a survey of employees
and employers in Maine's northernmost county.

The Ashland Housing Corp. has been given a grant of $391,215 for its housing
needs, Van Buren is receiving $346,500 and Aroostook County will get $180,000,
according to Sens. Olympia Snowe and Susan Collins.

The money comes from nearly $4.5 million distributed throughout the state by the
two federal agencies.

The Economic Development Initiative money can only be used in projects where
Section 108 Loan Program money is used.

"This funding will help provide vital opportunities for rural Mainers to enhance
community services and health care facilities and boost economic growth in areas
that need it the most," the two senators wrote in a joint statement. "Many
Americans aspire to own their own home and funding provided by the Department of
Housing and Urban Development can often help make that dream a reality."

Daniel Lapointe, community development director at Van Buren, said the grant is
part of the package for infrastructure work at the town's regional business
park.

The grant is one of three sources of funding. Van Buren also received $499,800
from USDA Rural Development and $150,000 from the state's Municipal Investment
Trust Fund.

The entire project is just shy of $1 million. It will pay for sewer and water
line installation, construction of a road to the site, and the installation of
other needed utilities.

The regional business park, located near the town's Gateway School, will have
five lots for business and industrial use.

Lapointe said the town is now in the design phase and officials hope that
construction will begin in the fall. They are awaiting Maine Department of
Environmental Protection permits for the project.

In Ashland, the money will be used to rehabilitate a 32-year-old housing
project. The 24-unit project, known as Forest View Circle Apartments, according
to Shawn Pelletier of CS Management Inc., is owned by the Ashland Housing Corp.

Officials hope to start the rehabilitation project around Aug. 1.

The work includes roof and siding work, windows, electrical and plumbing
components, heating upgrades, the remodeling of kitchens and some earthwork.

The Aroostook County money will be used to update surveys of the county's labor
force. The data will be integrated into a database maintained by the Maine
Department of Labor and the U.S. Census Bureau.

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2006 Bangor Daily News


                             524 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Herald (Glasgow)

                                January 13, 1995

Plan for green-belt housing approved despite protests

BYLINE: Audrey Gillan

SECTION: Pg. 3

LENGTH: 467 words


A PLAN to build houses on a green-belt site in Monklands was given the go-ahead
last night in spite of protests from locals, environmentalists and Strathclyde
Regional Council.

The application by SL Homes to build on farmland at Bargeddie on the outskirts
of Glasgow was recently at the centre of an investigation by the local authority
accounts commission.

It followed a disclosure under parliamentary privilege that a loan had been made
by the company, run by ex-Celtic director Mr Brian Dempsey, to a family firm
associated with Mr Jim Brooks, the leader of Monklands District Council, but no
further action was taken.

Last night, councillors on the district planning and development committee
followed a recommendation by the director of planning, Mr David Cooper, and
voted unanimously in favour of accepting the application, subject to conditions.

The plans are in breach of Strathclyde Regional Council's green-belt plans and
contravene guidelines to discourage building in the countryside.

The council brushed aside the recommendation from the region's director of
physical planning advising them to refuse the application from the building
company for the 45-acre site.

The decision was met with outrage from the Monklands Green Belt Protection Group
who submitted more than 500 letters of objection and attended the meeting last
night.

Group secretary Miss Maureen Somerville said local people felt they had been
fobbed off by the council. "Bargeddie means settlement in green fields in
Gaelic," said Miss Somerville. "They are just about to pour concrete all over
those green fields."

The group's prime objection was the danger of increased traffic because of the
site's proximity to an accident blackspot which has seen 18 deaths in 20 years.
Other objections included the site's drainage problems -- it is subject to
flooding -- and the threat to the rural environment which is inhabited by a
variety of different wildlife species.

Many of the group's members live on Bargeddie's main road and their views on to
open fields and the Campsies will be obstructed.

The council argued that the SL Homes development would solve the area's
population loss problems which have arisen from low levels of private house
building. Mr Cooper's report said: "In his reply to my letter, the regional
director of physical planning notes clearly that he cannot support any
application for green-belt release on either strategic (green-belt) planning
grounds or in terms of local housing need.

"Irrespective of the views of the regional council in this regard, I am
nonetheless wholly satisfied that a convincing case can be made for a limited
and controlled green-belt release."

The plans now go to the region which can refuse or rubber stamp them.

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 1995

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Paper

                   Copyright 1995 Caledonian Newspapers Ltd.


                             525 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Journal (Newcastle, UK)

                           November 3, 2011 Thursday

We Need To Build More Homes Now

BYLINE: Angela Upex

SECTION: A; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 975 words


ISN'T it about time the Government sorted out our broken housing market in the
North East?

As your piece on Tuesday clearly showed  (76,950 waiting for social housing
Journal, November 1), there are thousands of families being forced to wait years
for social housing.

Most people simply can't afford a 25% mortgage deposit or to get a mortgage at
all for the very high house prices we see in most areas. Renting from private
landlords is expensive and is predicted to rise between 15% and 20% over the
next five years.

This all means that too many families are suffering the hardship of
overcrowding. Some are even being forced to live apart.

At Isos, one of the region's biggest social landlords, we are doing our best to
make a difference.

We own 12,000 affordable homes in the region and last year we built another 206
desperately-needed new homes.

We build in both urban and rural areas like Cleadon Park in South Shields, and
Newbiggin Hall in Newcastle as well as Hexham, Corbridge and as far afield as
Falstone near Kielder, Lesbury near Alnwick and Beadnell on the north
Northumberland coast.

Yet we, and other housing associations like us, know it's nowhere near enough.

Every day we see the damaging impacts of housing shortage on families and single
people across the region who need an affordable place to live.

So we're supporting the National Housing Federation's call for the Government to
look again at how affordable housing is funded, and help ensure many more new
homes are built for those who need a home to rent or buy.

From struggling inner-city neighbourhoods to families being forced out of the
countryside, we believe this will really help our hard-pressed communities as
well as create more jobs in construction.

KEITH LORAINE, chief executive, Isos Housing.

There's still time to have your say

I MUST challenge the views of JW of Walbottle ( Council must not surrender
countryside,' Journal,  November 2) who misrepresents the council's position on
proposals for the green belt and misunderstands our objectives.

The Government has been rightly criticised for its ill-conceived proposals to
allow unrestrained development of the green belt.

Under these proposals, developers will be able to build houses pretty much where
they like unless councils have a plan in place to protect areas where
housebuilding is inappropriate.

Unlike many councils, we have a plan in place which will protect the green belt
from unrestrained development while allowing enough homes to be built to meet
the urgent needs of our growing population.

Our view is clear: brownfield sites must be prioritised and that there should be
no presumption in favour of development.

The proposals suggest that some green belt could be developed to build the homes
we need, but the public and residents will be central to this decision.

That is what our consultation process is all about     listening to the views of
residents and taking decisions based on those views.

If there are strong and compelling representations against building in certain
areas, those areas may be removed from the list as there are more sites
identified than will go forward.

Because we want to do this properly and give everyone as much time as possible
to make their views known to us, our consultation period has been extended to
December 2 and I am writing to every resident to make sure they can have their
say.

We value the countryside and it is our intention to protect it.

Coun HENRI MURISON, cabinet member for quality of life, Newcastle City Council

Protect animals from fireworks

FIREWORKS may be beautiful and exciting for us, but for animals they can be
terrifying.

Cats and dogs are reduced to fearful, shivering wrecks, sheep can spontaneously
abort, horses gallop into fences and rabbits have been known to die from the
shock.

However, there are steps we can take to minimise their suffering.

Firstly, please consider attending a public fireworks display rather than
setting them off in your back garden.

One central display will scare fewer animals, and is likely to be set further
away from homes and their animal inhabitants.

Keep cats and dogs indoors from the afternoon onwards and bring rabbits and
guinea pigs inside as well (or at least cover their home with a thick blanket to
muffle the noise).

Also, be sure to check that hedgehogs and other wild animals have not made a
home in your bonfire before you light it.

Have a happy, and safe, fireworks night!

ASHLEY OWEN, Animal Aid, The Old Chapel, Kent.

Take a stand on public profligacy

THE letter from Blaydon MP Dave Anderson  castigates many of the bosses in the
region's top 100 companies for giving themselves obscenely huge pay awards,
while public-sector workers suffer cuts to pay and pensions.  (Journal Letters,
October 31).

I have no reason to dispute his claim and would hope those companies, being in
the top 100, will be big local employers, profitable and paying large sums in
taxes.

What I'd be more interested to know is  the names of those companies, in the
region, that have relocated manufacturing or service centres outside the North
East, so I may boycott them,  as I did with Twinings teas.

Mr Anderson is also right to highlight the appalling plight many of our
frontline public-sector workers face as they strive to keep us safe and protect
our health and property.

Their situation is hardly helped though when the public sector is awash with
managers, administrators, executives and supervisors who do precious little
productive work for staggering pay and perks .

It was recently reported that scores of senior NHS executives were being given
severance payments of around £300,000 each and then re-hired at a staggering
£1,000 a day  to  carry on mismanaging the health service.

This type of profligacy is an utter disgrace, Mr Anderson, so what are you going
to do about it?

A CARTER, Kenton, Newcastle.

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2011 Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             526 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                    Sioux County Index-Reporter (Hull, Iowa)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                January 1, 2014

USDA Rural Development Invests $498 million in Rural Iowa in 2013

BYLINE: Sioux County Index-Reporter staff

LENGTH: 936  words


During the past year a relatively small mission area within the U.S. Department
of Agriculture (USDA) has assisted thousands of rural lowans by helping bring
nearly half a billion dollars to rural Iowa to support community and economic
development projects throughout the state.

USDA Rural Development invested $498 million into rural Iowa in 2013 to develop
homeownership opportunities, as well as wide variety of job-creation and
community-improvement projects and activities.

For instance, USDA Rural Development funds were used to build a road in Warren
County to support an expanding small business, helped the City of Corwith plan
for a new fire station, developed an indoor farmers' market facility in Ot-tumwa
and will assist with the upcoming remodeling and expansion at Floyd Valley
Hospital in Le Mars.

"Our focus is on the viability of rural communities which are so vital to our
state and nation," said Bill Menner, USDA Rural Development State Director in
Iowa. "These are the places that help support American agriculture and foster an
ethic that impacts our workforce, our military and our economy. We are working
with communities to create jobs, expand opportunity, encourage innovation and
build a strong foundation for the future."

In 2013, USDA Rural Development funding, through 40 direct loan, guaranteed loan
and grant programs, helped 2,600 rural Iowa families purchase homes, created or
retained more than 1,000 jobs, and assisted 60 communities with improvements to
facilities, services and infrastructure.

This fail a groundbreaking ceremony was held at the future home of C& L
Companies' new warehouse and distribution and testing facility in rural Warren
County. USDA Rural Development provided a $1 million rural economic development
loan to assist with the expansion project.

Additionally, a $280,000 rural economic development grant helped make upgrades
to the roadway near the warehouse and distribution facility. C&L Companies is a
manufacturer of after-market motorcycle component parts. The project is
estimated to create 14 new jobs.

Access Energy Cooperative used nearly $800,000 in USDA rural economic
development grants and loans (REDLG) in 2013 to create a revolving loan fund
that the Henry County Health Center used to purchase health information
technology (HIT) equipment for the surgical and outpatient departments.

Many recipients of USDA Rural Development's 2013 rural business enterprise
grants (RBEG) are supporting local foods efforts. Cass County used an $11,554
technical assistance grant to help develop sustainable and economically
successful local foods systems that support farm-based businesses and
entrepreneurs in the county.

Ottumwa Progress Inc. received a $62,676 grant to assist with construction
costs, as well as the purchase of equipment for an educational and commercial
kitchen area in an indoor farmers' market facility helping small and emerging
businesses. Winneshiek County Agricultural Extension District received a $48,000
grant to help purchase a refrigerated delivery truck and provide technical
assistance to northeast Iowa food producers and processors through a food hub
delivery and marketing service.

In addition to generating jobs, USDA Rural Development investments are also
creating ongoing economic opportunities in rural America that will pay benefits
for years to come.

The City of Bloomfield received $2 million in loan and grant funds to help
establish an emergency connection to Rathbun Regional Water Association's newly
completed water treatment plant in case the city would need to access additional
water in the future. The plant was supported by $20 million in USDA Rural
Development loan funds and can treat six million gallons of water per day.

"We are very happy to be a partner with all the communities we serve as they
work hard to make investments that will impact many future generations," Menner
added. "We also enjoy working with communities on much smaller projects that
provide an outstanding opportunity for residents to work together and experience
success. Many times, this success leads to bigger community-improvement
initiatives."

This year USDA Rural Development awarded grants of $50,000 or less to 29
communities including the City of Blockton to help purchase a fire truck, the
City of Floris to assist with upgrades at their fire station and to Wayne County
Hospital to purchase a 3-D ultrasound machine and viewing station.

Since 2009, USDA Rural Development has invested nearly $3 billion in rural Iowa
on essential public facilities, small and emerging businesses, water and sewer
systems and housing opportunities for Iowa families.

Further information on programs available through USDA Rural Development is
available by calling (515) 284-4663 or by visiting the agency's web site at
www.rurdev.usda. gov/ia.

USDA Rural Development has 11 offices across the state to serve the 1.7 million
lowans living in rural communities and areas. Office locations include a State
Office in Des Moines, along with Area Offices in Albia, Atlantic, Humboldt,
Indianola, Iowa Falls, Le Mars, Mount Pleasant, Storm Lake, Tipton and Wa-verly.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities. USDA's
investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that stands as
the backbone of our American values.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Economy

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SXC

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                   Copyright 2014 Sioux County Index Reporter


                             527 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                          September 28, 2006 Thursday
                            WESTERN NEW YORK EDITION

State funds will boost housing program

BYLINE: By Bill Brown - GENESEE CORRESPONDENT

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 331 words

DATELINE: BATAVIA


The Genesee County Legislature on Wednesday voted to accept $600,000 in funds
from the Governor's Office for Small Cities to provide first-time home ownership
and housing rehabilitation.

The Legislature also approved a contract with Rural Opportunities of Rochester
to administer the home ownership and housing rehab program at a cost of $50,000.
The partnership has been in place for several years with annual grants ranging
from $200,000 to $750,000.

The Community Development Block Grant will provide $495,000 in subsidies for
home purchases and minor rehabilitation, $55,000 for program delivery services,
a Homeownership Assistance Program, and $50,000 to Rural Opportunities.

In a 27-item agenda, the legislators approved an $8,500 contract with Clark
Patterson Associates of Rochester to refinance the county's five-year-old
countywide water supply system.

The project was bonded through the sponsoring Monroe County Water Authority for
35 years.

County Highway Superintendent Timothy J. Hens said refinancing part of the
original $20 million loan through a state environmental facilities agency could
save up to $80,000 a year.

In other business, the lawmakers:

*Voted their support for the attempt by the Batavia Bus Service to secure
$341,300 in federal funds to expand bus routes, install bus stop signs and
provide a downtown transfer site. Known as the B-Line, the mini-buses are
operated by the Rochester-Genesee Regional Transportation Authority and run
regular routes throughout the city and parts of the county.

*Appointed Scott A. Waite, a Pembroke businessman, to a vacant seat on the
county Planning Board for a three-year term.

*Set Nov. 6 for a public hearing on the 2007 county budget now being prepared
for a mid-October release by County Manager Jay A. Gsell.

The current $110 million spending plan included a small property tax decrease.
Gsell said he has told department heads to hold the line on spending so that the
present tax rate can be maintained or possibly lowered.

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2006 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             528 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    BBC Monitoring Asia Pacific - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                              July 19, 2009 Sunday

China banking regulator urges enhanced management against risks

LENGTH: 595 words


Text of report in English by official Chinese news agency Xinhua (New China News
Agency)

BEIJING, July 19 (Xinhua) - China's banking regulator urged banks to strengthen
risk control and optimize credit structure to prevent possible financial risks
amid a surge of bank loans.

Rapid expansion of bank loans in the first half year boosted the country's
economic growth, but it also increased the possibilities of financial risks, Liu
Mingkang, chairman of the China Banking Regulatory Commission, said in a speech
posted on the regulator's web site on Sunday.

He said Chinese banks had seen imprudent and extensive lending, and should be
cautious about possible risks including inadequate capital for investment
projects, financing risks, concentration of loans, and risks on property market
led by rapid loan growth.

He urged lenders to ensure the minimum requirement of capital adequacy ratio and
lift the provision coverage ratio above 150 per cent this year. As of the end of
June, the provision coverage ratio of commercial banks was 134.3 perent, which
was 10.4 percentage points higher than the end of March.

He also encouraged banks to continue lending to major projects backed by the
government, small-and medium-sized enterprises, rural development, low-income
housing, major scientific research, energy conservation and emission cuts
programmes.

Loans to energy intensive and heavy pollution industries, and to sectors of
overcapacity should be under strict control, he noted.

In addition, he ordered lenders to stick to rules on mortgage for second home
buyers and step up scrutiny over approvals. Down payments on second homes is
currently set at no less than 40 per cent of the price.

Government data showed bank lending hit a record 7.37 trillion yuan (1.08
trillion US dollars) in the first half, as the government looked to a moderately
easy monetary policy to support economic recovery. The figure far exceeded the
full-year target of 5 trillion yuan.

The banking regulator said in early July that current rapid loan growth posed a
risk to the country's lenders and a concentration of loans to some industries
and business may damage the stability of the financial system. The watchdog
suggested syndicated loans as a good tool for banks to share risks.

The central government reiterated the stance of adherence to the current
stimulus policies. Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao said on July 10 that the
government should steadfastly adhere to the pro-active fiscal policy and
relative easy monetary policy.

Wang Qing, Morgan Stanley's chief China economist, said the loan growth should
normalize in the remainder of the year, as the pace in the first half of this
year is not sustainable.

China should stick to the current pro-active fiscal policy and moderately ease
monetary policy in the following months to fuel the economic growth, he said,
adding shift to tightening policy might slow down the current growth.

Wang said it's not a problem for Chinese economy to achieve its goal of eight
per cent growth for this year.

The Chinese economy expanded 7.9 per cent in the second quarter, buoyed by the
government's massive stimulus packages. The first half year recorded a growth of
7.1 per cent year on year.

Liu said China's economy was back on the track for recovery as a result of a
pro-active fiscal policy and moderately easy monetary policy, but the foundation
for recovery was not yet solid and there are still many uncertainties.

Liu Mingkang was speaking at a conference held in Beijing on July 17.

Source: Xinhua news agency, Beijing, in English 1404 gmt 19 Jul 09

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2009 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             529 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            October 29, 2004 Friday
                                  All Editions

USDA chief awards $3.4M in Maine

BYLINE: NOK-NOI HAUGER OF THE NEWS STAFF

SECTION: Pg. B8

LENGTH: 424 words

DATELINE: BREWER


Curtis Anderson was a busy man on Thursday as he toured Maine to see the
progress of U.S. Department of Agriculture projects, awarded millions to rural
community programs and helped with the groundbreaking for a Brewer crisis
stabilization center.

Anderson, deputy administrator of USDA's rural utility service in Washington,
began his tour of Maine on Thursday at Husson College by awarding $3.4 million
to 11 area agencies.

"This morning we awarded several million dollars in loans and grants to various
partnerships here in Maine," Anderson said after the ceremony. "We really do
look at this as an investment. It's not a giveaway."

Michael Aube, state director of USDA-Rural Development, said the grant and loan
money was spread evenly between rural communities to the north, east and central
parts of the state.

Aube, a former Bangor councilor and mayor, said USDA-Rural Development is not
just for farmers anymore.

Rural Development helps communities in Maine by offering housing and business
opportunities, providing sufficient utilities to residents, aiding economic
advancement and working to strengthening communities from the ground up, Aube
said.

While in the area, Anderson stopped by the Muddy Rudder restaurant in Brewer to
see how a $50,000 USDA grant to the city helped with a riverfront stabilization
project.

Brewer recently applied for a $90,000 grant from USDA-Rural Development to help
with redeveloping the defunct Eastern Fine Paper Co. mill site.

After the riverfront meeting, Anderson traveled to Acme Road for the
groundbreaking of a crisis stabilization unit, which the USDA is helping to
finance, for Community Health and Counseling Services.

After the groundbreaking ceremony ended, the deputy administrator then passed a
$2.82 million "business and industry loan" check to Paradigm Developments LLC
and PROTEA Behavioral Health Services LLC.

Rural Development has a long history in Maine and is making significant
investments in rural communities in the state.

The following groups received USDA awards at Husson College: Downeast Heritage
Center, $1.2 million; Pleasant Point Passamaquoddy Reservation, $150,000;
Visiting Nurses of Aroostook County $264,448; Androscoggin Valley Council of
Governments, $220,400; Kennebec Valley Council of Governments, $157,500; Eastern
Maine Development Corp., $40,500; Hancock County Planning Commission, $43,000;
Western Maine Finance, $500,000; Northern Maine Development Commission,
$750,000; Money Management International, $10,000; and Northern Maine
Development Commission, $86,800.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2004 Bangor Daily News


                             530 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Financial Express (Bangladesh)

                             August 31, 2014 Sunday

Thrust on vertical expansion of rural housing

LENGTH: 1179 words

DATELINE: Bangladesh


Bangladesh, Aug. 31 -- Bangladesh is one of the most land-scarce countries in
the world. Though the National Land Utilisation Policy has laid thrust on
family-based land ceiling for rural housing and rural model house building,
there is virtually no land-use plan for the rural areas that comprise about 85
per cent of the total land area.

The present facilities in respect of physical infrastructure, housing, water
supply, sanitation, etc., are very inadequate in rural areas. A study suggests
that housing shortage in the country is estimated to be 3.1 million units, out
of which 2.15 million units are in the rural areas. In fact, Bangladesh is
losing one per cent of its agricultural land every year due to various reasons
including population boom.

Traditionally, rural people are used to living in a 'bari', a homestead which
normally includes houses to live in, a yard, backyard for women to use. It is
usually dominated by patriarchal system. When the sons of the family reach
adulthood, they get married and build few small rooms adjacent to the rooms
occupied by the parents. Over time, the entire household area gets highly
congested.

Even though space availability for horizontal expansion is limited, people are
forced to go for it considering the high cost associated with vertical
expansion. On the contrary, it is observed that people in urban areas usually
expand their house vertically because the cost of vertical expansion is cheaper
compared to the cost of land required for horizontal expansion.

In Bangladesh, unplanned housing is a major problem for the people living in
rural areas. Although the government has implemented a few sporadic rural
housing projects namely cluster and ideal village projects etc., in the rural
areas; those are very meagre compared to the needs of the vast majority of rural
people. On the other hand, the Grameen Bank and few other non-government
organisations (NGOs) are providing loans for rural house building that has
opened a new horizon in the field of rural housing of Bangladesh.

Nevertheless, such organisations are only able to serve a limited number of the
rural population. Formulation of a proper institutional and legal framework for
actively participating in rural housing, which was included in the National
Housing Policy, is still not being implemented.

In such a backdrop, the government has recently approved a compact township
project for rural people of seven divisions involving Tk 4.24 billion. It is a
new concept of compact housing project, which will include residential
facilities alongside agriculture and forestation.

In fact, the idea had originated from the concept of cluster villages, which
provides urban facilities to villagers and save agricultural land. Experts say,
the project should be implemented in participatory process in consultation with
the local people. The poor and the low-income group are expected to hail such
initiative, while the richer section might stand against it.

The government believes such cooperatives based township project branded as
'Palli Janapad' will save arable land, ensure food security as well as improve
the living standards of rural people. Initially, four-story buildings will be
constructed in seven villages of the seven divisions accommodating some 272
families in each village. The project has been undertaken on a pilot basis and
based on its successes, it might be extended in future. The project sites will
be selected prioritising on the wage-earners' remittance prone areas.

Under the project, there will be flats in four categories for the beneficiaries.
A-type flats would be sized of 915 square feet while B-type flats of 710 square
feet, C-type flats of 460 square feet and D-type flats of 365 square feet with
each square feet areas having a price of Tk 1603. Of the total project cost, the
government is likely to provide 70 per cent, while the remaining 30 per cent
will come from the beneficiaries. The flat owners will repay the loan to the
government in 15 years at a flat rate of 5.0 per cent interest.

The value per square feet has been set at Tk 1,603 for each flat, which will
also have dining, kitchen and bathroom facilities. There will be some common
facilities free of cost as well. The model villages will have shops, dairy or
poultry farms, solar panels, biogas, ATM booths, mobile banking, and
playgrounds. Apart from these, Tk 100 million seed money will be given to each
village for training the villagers in order to create self-employment
opportunities. The government will bear Tk 3.63 billion of the Palli Janapad
project cost while the beneficiaries will contribute Tk 0.61 billion. The
project is expected to complete by June, 2017. Centre for Irrigation and Water
Management (CIWM) and Rural Development Academy (RDA) will jointly implement the
project under the Rural Development and Cooperatives Division.

The main project activities include construction of seven four-storey buildings,
construction of another three-storey seven buildings for animal husbandry and
marketing of agricultural produces, setting up solar panels, ensuring safe water
supply, rain water reservation tank construction as well as lake, construction
of biogas plant, producing high-quality organic fertiliser and its marketing,
operating various income generating training for the beneficiaries and operating
RDA credit operations for entrepreneurship development.

The land at the villages will still be in possession of the owners but will be
cultivated as cooperatives through organic farming. Ferro-cement and sandwich
panels would be used for constructing the proposed buildings, which would save
37 per cent of the cost of traditional building construction.

Each of the model villages is expected to save about 13.05 acres of land needed
for traditional housing. Besides, 16.26 acres of agricultural land will be
saved, as the families will be provided with civic facilities through a single
approach road.

The fact remains that when the number of family members rises, people need to
expand their houses. Since space is not available, they expand their houses
horizontally in rural areas on agricultural land. In such a way, cultivable land
is gradually being decreased. Numerous socio-economic problems are being created
as a consequence.

High growth rate of population in Bangladesh has created enormous pressure on
land. In addition to that, land use patterns are radically changing and
adversely impacting country's agricultural land, forest, water bodies and
wildlife habitat. Making new homes on cultivable land is limiting the use of
land for farm production.

In the circumstances, the government's recent decision to build compact township
project for the rural people in phases is a welcome gesture. This will
definitely go a long way to save shrinking agricultural land and solve their
acute housing problem.

szkhan@dhaka.net

Published by HT Syndication with permission from The Financial Express. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 The Financial Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                             531 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Nikkei Weekly (Japan)

                           September 30, 2013 Monday

Chinese land fetching sky-high prices

LENGTH: 694 words


Chinese land fetching sky-high prices

There's a bubble out there and developers are determined to blow it even bigger

KEN KUWAHARA and KENJI KAWASE

Staff writers

GUANGZHOU/HONG KONG - Developers here are spending big for urban land amid
growing expectations of a continued rise in property prices and an anticipated
long-term population influx from rural areas.

At an auction in Shanghai on Sept. 5, Hong Kong-based Sun Hung Kai Properties
Ltd. won a plot of land in the bustling central Xujiahui district for 21.77
billion yuan ($3.56 billion), one of the highest prices ever registered at a
real estate auction in the country.

The nearly 100,000-sq.-meter site is about 2.6 times larger than Hanshin Koshien
Stadium, Japan's storied baseball park. When Sun Hung Kai Properties finishes
building a massive office-hotel-retail complex on the Xujiahui site, it will
have spent at least 40 billion Hong Kong dollars (US$5.16 billion), including
what it paid at the auction.

The company's purchase in Shanghai, China's financial hub, came a day after
Tianjin-based Sunac China Holdings Ltd. bought a plot of residential land in the
central part of Beijing for 73,000 yuan per square meter, a housing real estate
record for the capital.

There is speculation that the sales price for housing units to be built there
will reach 200,000 yuan per square meter, which means that a relatively modest
100-sq.-meter unit would sell for a cool 320 million yen ($3.23 million).

In July, a consortium involving Guangdong province-based China Vanke Co. won an
auction for a commercial and residential site within Shanghai's Zhangjiang
Hi-Tech Park for 4.87 billion yuan, a year-to-date record price for the city.

Property investors have become more aggressive as more of them adopt the view
that government policy has shifted to accommodate rising property prices.

Government green light

As part of efforts to curb the country's housing bubble, the government had put
restrictions on purchases of second homes, including limiting access to housing
loans.

One sign of the probable policy shift came in August when the government let
average per-square-meter prices for new homes in 100 big cities rise for a 15th
straight month.

Of China's 70 biggest cities, 66 saw month on month prices for new homes rise in
August, according to data released by the country's National Bureau of
Statistics. Nationwide, prices rose an average 0.79% that month.

In Beijing, August prices increased 0.9% on the month and 14.9% on the year.
Prices in Shanghai climbed 1.5% on the month and 15.4% on the year. Shenzhen saw
a 1.4% rise on the month and an 18.1% increase on the year. Guangzhou saw the
largest growth compared with both the previous month and the previous year, with
prices there rising 1.7% versus July, and expanding 18.8% compared with August
2012. The figures exclude low-income housing.

China's economy slowed in real terms for the second consecutive quarter in the
April-June period, although there are now some signs that certain sectors, such
as industrial production, are picking up.

Cai Suisheng, president of the Guangdong Real Estate Association, said the
government likely wants to avoid reining in the property market, which could
jeopardize the economy's chances of attaining this year's 7.5% national growth
target.

Expected influx

Another reason behind major real-estate developers' massive spending on prime
plots is the expectation that housing demand in big cities will remain strong
due to a long-term population inflow from rural areas.

The percentage of city dwellers stood at 52% of China's population in 2012, far
below the 70-90% range seen in developed countries. The percentage of people who
have family registries in urban areas - people who are more likely to buy homes
there - is even lower, at 35%.

Given that low ratio, "China's urbanization is still in its initial stage," said
Tan Huajie, China Vanke's board secretary. "The real estate industry still has
great potential for growth."

The Guangdong Real Estate Association's Cai is optimistic China's urbanization
will continue for at least the next two decades.

(The Nikkei Weekly 09/30/2013 Edition)

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Nihon Keizai Shimbun, Inc.


                             532 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                              June 28, 2013 Friday

West Bengal achieves growth in plan expenditure for 2012-13, says Mamata
Banerjee

BYLINE: Tamal Sengupta

SECTION: INDICATORS

LENGTH: 386 words


KOLKATA: Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee claimed on Thursday that her government
has achieved a growth in terms of plan expenditure during FY 2013-13 as compared
to the last year. She also said that her government has achieved this growth
despite a huge loan burden of Rs 2 lakh crore and a targeted loan repayment of
Rs 25,000 crore in the previous year.

The chief minister commented on a social networking site that "the Accountant
General, West Bengal has just released the provisional plan expenditure figures
for 2012-13. I am very happy to share with you Bengal has achieved a staggering
33.22% growth in terms of plan expenditure during 2012-13 as compared to the
previous year. The state has incurred expenditure of nearly Rs 18,749 crore as
against Rs 14,074 crore in the previous year."

"Expenditure in housing among economically weaker sections has grown by 238.89%.
Also, expenditure on Panchayat and Rural Development has crossed the Rs 3000
crore mark. In addition to this, I would like to repeat our growth has been
higher than the national average in GSDP, Agriculture, Industry and Services in
2012-13," the chief minister commented on the social networking site.

"We have been able to achieve this milestone despite the huge debt burden of
more than Rs 2 lakh crore thrust upon us by the previous regime and our
liability to pay more than Rs 25,000 crore towards loan repayment and interest
during the last financial year.

Bengal is transforming riding the wave of 'paribartan'. We dedicate this change
to the Maa, Maati, Manush of Bengal," Mamata said.

Chief minister's claim has attracted criticism from her political opponents.
State Congress president Pradip Bhattacharjee told ET on Thursday that "the
chief minister's claim does not reflect real picture of West Bengal. Neither her
claim reflects the actual economic condition of the state. She is making such
claims before the panchayat elections just to divert attentions of common people
from failure of her government in many scores like implementation of 100 days
work and other Central schemes. She also tried to befool the people by making
false statements over implementations of several pro-poor schemes. In many
cases, she tried to give impression that all such Central schemes were run by
her government."

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             533 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Telegraph (India)

                           January 12, 2017 Thursday

Realty boom for buyers

BYLINE: Sandeep Mishra

LENGTH: 480  words


Rush of investors for BDA project

Bhubaneswar, Jan. 12: The hunt for houses at reasonable rates is expected to end
shortly with real estate developers evincing interest in a housing project at
Chandrasekharpur to accommodate mainly lower-middle and middle class people.

Bhubaneswar Development Authority's venture - Greenfield Housing Project - will
be executed in public-private-partnership mode for the first time in the state.

Eleven major real estate developers from across the country yesterday attended a
pre-bid meeting for the project. On December 15, the Bhubaneswar Development
Authority (BDA) invited proposals from private real estate players to build
2,600 affordable houses at Chandrasekharpur over an area of 20.31 acres.

Under the scheme, the site developer will get 65 per cent of land for
construction of the 2,600 affordable houses, while the rest 35 per cent land
will go in favour of the developer.

The houses, which will cost between Rs 10 lakh and Rs 15 lakh, will have a
built-up area of 32.2sqm. The executor will provide common facilities such as
drinking water supply, road network, power supply, street lights, solid waste
management and drainage system. "According to the plan, the government will not
spend a penny in the project. The site developers would fund it and incur the
cost from the given land. The developer can use the rest of the land for
commercial or residential purpose," said an authority official.

It has also decided to bring in major banks and loan providers in the fold to
provide easy housing loan assistance to the people. "We held a meeting with 22
major private and public banks, who have assured us of providing easy housing
loans to the people in the upcoming project," said the authority's vice-chairman
Krishan Kumar.

He said the stakeholders were evincing interest in the project since it was one
of its kinds in the state. "The final tendering process will be over by the end
of February. The selected developer will get 180 days to complete the project.
We are also looking forward to providing the basic civic infrastructure in the
proposed site before beginning the project," said the vice-chairman.

The BDA will also execute two similar projects - another one at Chandrasekharpur
and Satya Nagar. The Chandrasekharpur project, to be known as Nilamadhav Abas,
will accommodate around 5,000 people in 1,250 houses. Another one at Satya Nagar
to be known as Santi Nagar Abas will house around 5,200 people in 1,300
affordable houses.

Chandrasekharpur resident Harish Nayak said it was a good move to build such
affordable houses for the lower-middle class people. "The housing projects will
help the administration provide better houses to the urban poor. It will also
facilitate the middle and upper-middle class people to have high-end houses in
good price, which will be developed by the private player on its land," said
Nayak.

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2017 The Telegraph (India), distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             534 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            August 29, 1999, Sunday

FBI asks questions about management

BYLINE: AMYLIA WIMMER

SECTION: CITRUS TIMES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 480 words

DATELINE: CRYSTAL RIVER



The inquiry follows concerns by residents, officials and former employees about
Jotar Management.

The FBI is investigating how Jotar Management, a Gainesville property management
company that operates two federally subsidized apartment complexes in Crystal
River, does business, according to sources that the FBI has contacted.

Residents of the apartments, along with the Citrus County Sheriff's Office, U.S.
Rep. Karen Thurman's office, members of the neighborhood crime watch group and
former Jotar employees have been inquiring about business practices at Jotar for
several months.

The FBI has contacted officials at the Office of Rural Development, the federal
agency that oversees the complexes.

"We've had a call from an agent in Ocala who asked us what was going on, and we
told him we weren't sure," said Louis Frost, acting state director of Rural
Development.

According to Tim Haines, an attorney for Jotar, the bureau has also visited the
complexes in Crystal River.

During the past few weeks, the Ocala- and Jacksonville-based FBI agents
reportedly investigating Jotar have not returned several phone calls seeking
comment. The bureau has not confirmed that it is investigating the management
company.

Several people have made accusations against Jotar since last fall. The
Sheriff's Office identified Atlantis Arms/Greenleaf Forest apartments as a place
deputies were called so often in 1998 Sheriff Jeff Dawsy wanted to base a
community resource office there.

Jotar refused to allow Dawsy to base the office inside the complex, so a deputy
works from a fire station around the corner.

The most serious claims against Jotar were made in July, when Steven and Jessica
Blamy were fired from their jobs as apartment managers after reporting several
problems to Thurman's office. Those complaints were forwarded to Rural
Development, and the Blamys lost their jobs as on-site managers for the complex.

Among their accusations against Jotar:

They questioned why 29 apartments were vacant at the complex, while Rural
Development officials seemed to only know of nine. Rural Development provided
the complex owner, John Curtis, with low-interest loans to build the complexes
and subsidizes rent for residents.

The Blamys suggested that Rural Development was providing rent payments for
tenants who no longer lived in the complex. Frost said Rural Development,
expected to release a report this week on its investigation of Jotar, found no
such evidence.

The Blamys, who worked as managers for Jotar for just three weeks, said Jotar's
poor record-keeping made it difficult to determine who belonged in the complex
and who didn't.

Another accusation, also made by several tenants, is that Jotar occasionally
forges tenant's signatures on lease agreements and tries to evict residents who
complain about their apartments or the management company.


LOAD-DATE: August 30, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: CITRUS TIMES

                    Copyright 1999 Times Publishing Company


                             535 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                  December 18, 2002 Wednesday Marshall Edition

Bremen could get new hospital in 2005;
Board looks to USDA for $16 million loan to help fund move

BYLINE: By ANITA MUNSON; Tribune Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 634 words


BREMEN -- Community Hospital of Bremen has applied for a $16 million U.S.
Department of Agriculture loan to build a new, 65,000-square-foot facility.

Scott Graybill, hospital administrator, said the loan is administered through
the USDA's Rural Development division and is aimed at hospitals in communities
whose population is fewer than 10,000 residents.

"What we've done at this point is to apply for the loan to underwrite the cost
of a hospital replacement project," he said.

Community's board of directors, which approved application for the loan, are
considering property in the vicinity of U.S. 331 and U.S. 6, although no
particular parcel has yet been selected. The board has a parcel in mind, but
does not want to provide its location because of required surveys to meet state
and federal mandates.

The announcement of the expansion is not the first for Community Hospital, which
has seen patient service numbers quadruple since 1990.

The location at 411 Whitlock St. saw a dedication of its outpatient addition in
early April 1990. That expansion saw a doubling of the emergency room, addition
of a chapel and gift shop, as well as a new physical therapy area more
accessible for patients. The recovery room, too, was given increased capacity.

The expansion was a result of a fund-raising campaign led by Tom Stiles, which
led to $800,000 in donations from more than 150 individuals, including hospital
employees and area businesses.

This time, however, hospital leaders are looking to the government for
assistance because of the scope of the project.

"If this particular loan isn't approved...there is a second federal program,"
Graybill said. The back-up plan would be application to the Federal Housing
Administration.

"We would not attempt to borrow funds locally or to raise funds locally," he
said. "The scope is such ... that you really need someone who will behave like a
bank. There aren't a lot of options out there."

Graybill said hospital leaders should know sometime in April whether they have
been successful in their application process for the loan for the 54-year-old
hospital, one of the five smallest in the state.

The Bremen hospital is the first in Indiana to become a federal- and
state-certified critical access hospital. The facility earned the designation in
1999, Graybill said.

"If you're a small, rural hospital ... with under 25 beds and meet some other
criteria, you are then reimbursed higher for Medicare patients," Graybill said.
"True costs are captured."

The certification, he said, is key to the hospital's willingness to take on the
new building project.

"It's one of the tools that make this loan (viable) for us," Graybill said.
"When we know Medicare reimbursement is at a true cost (in most instances), it's
much less risky."

The proposed new hospital will include a more efficient use of floor space, he
explained. The current hospital, located in the heart of a residential area and
stymied in any further growth because of its location, has seen additions since
the 1950s.

"We have filled our facility with new technologies," Graybill said of the
hospital's acquisition of state-of-the-art equipment, thanks to private
donations and assistance from the auxiliary. "We have no space for new service
offerings... We can't expand without using up our parking lot."

He also said the board has commissioned a study to determine whether the current
45,000-square-foot site will operate in conjunction with the proposed new
hospital. Board members also have toured other small hospitals to glean the
best-use ideas utilized in their expansion or re-build programs.

"If the funding is approved in 2003, construction could start in 2004," Graybill
said. "It's a 12-month (construction) process for this size of facility."


LOAD-DATE: December 31, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 2002 South Bend Tribune Corporation


                             536 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Sevenoaks Chronicle

                                October 15, 2009

Award-winning history of village 'fills a gap'

SECTION: Pg. 26

LENGTH: 462 words


Soon after the end of the 1914-18 war, the Government introduced its Homes for
Heroes programme and urged all local councils to build new houses for the
working classes.

Several were built in the Sevenoaks area, including four near the recreation
ground at Seal.

They were finished in 1920 but construction was so shoddy that the ceilings fell
down and they had to be rebuilt.

The subsidies were withdrawn until the (short-lived) Labour Government took over
in 1924.

By this time, the country's housing shortage had become acute and the Sevenoaks
area was no exception.

Charles Ashbee, with support from the Vicar of Seal, the Rev Jones-Davies, and
the Hon Violet Mills, who represented Seal on the Rural District Council,
established the Sevenoaks Public Utility Society, a form of housing association,
using government loans to build low-rental houses.

In the brilliant, recently published History of Seal, the authors Jean Fox,
David Williams and Peter Mountfield explain that at the first public meeting of
the Sevenoaks PUS, the Rev Jones-Davies gave startling figures about the
dreadful housing conditions of many younger couples in Seal - one family in a
caravan, another in a shepherd's hut, a family of six sharing a single room,
another in a fruit-picker's summer hut.

They write: "At the next meeting of the RDC, the sanitary inspector tried to
refute these claims but the vicar stuck to his case and repeated them in the
Sevenoaks Chronicle.

"Eventually the campaign began to work; the council used its compulsory purchase
powers and, in June 1926, a one-acre site was acquired in Childsbridge Lane
followed by another at Stone Street. The PUS also acquired another site in
Childsbridge Lane.

"The Government," say the authors, "also made available a subsidy for small
private houses, either for sale or for rent, and under this scheme a Sevenoaks
builder, called Bentley, built 10 small bungalows in a semi-circle alongside
Childsbridge Lane, three of which still survive."

Until recent years, government had little influence in the history of Seal but
this small story - a tiny scrap in a book of more than 250 pages - helps to
explain how the parish developed in the 20th century and about some of those who
played a leading role.

The book, sponsored by Seal Parish Council and published by Phillimore, has won
the Alan Ball Local History Award, presented by the Library Services Trust to a
local authority which actively promotes its local history.

I am told the judges' verdict said it was a beautifully-produced book,
scrupulously researched, that filled a gap "because this parish near Sevenoaks
has never before had its history fully recorded and disseminated".The plaque was
presented recently to Edward Oately, vice-chairman of the council during the
village fete.

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 103


                       Copyright 2009 Sevenoaks Chronicle
                              All Rights Reserved


                             537 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Farmington Daily Times (New Mexico)

                            February 13, 2006 Monday

Home ownership possible for many

BYLINE: Lisa Meerts

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 6B

LENGTH: 934 words


Journal Correspondent

DURANGO - Nine years ago, Elizabeth von Tauffkirchen moved to Durango, where she
and her husband, Erik, own a mobile home she described as "divey." They
envisioned becoming homeowners but expected years to pass before it happened.

Instead, they will move into their Forest Lakes home within the next two months
- as soon as they receive the certificate of occupancy.

Both work normal jobs in Durango where the median income for a two-person family
hovers around $43,500. She is employed by Louisa's Movie House and he works for
a drywall company.

For many local residents, homeownership poses either an immense financial burden
or a financial impossibility. In 2005, the Durango Area Association of Realtors
reported in-town home prices routinely costing $355,000. Though cheaper, homes
in La Plata County still hit $290,000.

To increase homeownership, the U.S. government has partnered with non-profit
organizations across the nation, providing loan assistance and thereby opening
doors many residents thought closed to them. The program, called Self Help
Build, is sponsored by the United States Department of Agriculture Rural
Development and in Southwest Colorado has been executed by Colorado Housing Inc.
for more than a decade.

This year, as many as 45 Southwest Colorado residents strapped for cash will
finally call home sweet home their own - so long as they meet low-income
standards and are willing to devote a minimum of 600 hours to building their new
home.

"It's not as easy as one would think to find families that are able to commit to
a self-help program," said Jamie Blechman, family services coordinator for
Colorado Housing Inc., who recruits candidates for the program. To qualify, he
said, a two-person family like the von Tauffkirchen's cannot earn more than
$38,000.

Unfortunately, the very reason many locals need assistance disqualifies them, he
said. Combine some credit card debt and a car payment with a low-paying job and
the government cannot lend the money to build. Perfect credit is not necessary,
he said, but applicants need to qualify for a loan.

Still, his group has helped nearly 200 residents earning less than the median
income own the roof over their heads. Often the people who complete the program
are single parents with two children who work in the service industry. Between
paperwork and construction time, it takes a year before they move into brand-new
homes.

"The paperwork was daunting," recalled von Tauffkirchen. People probably drop
out because it's so overwhelming, she said, noting working the construction site
also requires significant effort.

Since they started building, her husband has worked at either his regular job or
the construction site every day - barring Sundays for Christmas and New Year's.
She takes off Fridays but works alongside him at the house whenever she can. The
program requires a family devote 30 hours each week. Volunteers like friends can
put in half those hours.

Her husband first learned about the Self Help Build because he used to work with
Josh Christner, the La Plata County construction manager for the past three
years. Christner walks people through the building process, showing them how the
hang cabinets or siding, paint or any number of tasks.

On average, five to eight houses are simultaneously built, he said. They are
located together on property originally purchased by Colorado Housing Inc. He
works full time, putting in seven-day weeks during the minimum six-month
construction phase. Christner experiences a slowdown for about three months
between builds, when he prepares for the next project.

He started as a volunteer for Colorado Housing Inc. but accepted a full-time
position, even though he earns less than he could working in the private sector.
The job is fun, Christner noted, and rewarding.

And challenging.

Taking five to eight families and their volunteers for more than half a year and
teaching them to build a house while dealing with so many personalities is no
joke, he said. But then, neither is the day they take ownership of their new
homes.

"The best part of it is when they get to move in. Just the smile on their faces
when they get to own a house," he said.

Most Self Help Build homes average 1,200 square feet in size, with three
bedrooms and two bathrooms. They all have similar footprints, which cuts down on
costs. But Colorado Housing Inc. hopes to develop a smaller home to help single
residents qualify for housing. Blechman said they may offer town homes or
duplexes in the next years.

The government gives Colorado Housing Inc. a two-year grant, which varies in
size depending on how many houses the non-profit plans to build. This year, it
received $400,000.

Homeowners assume a loan for around $125,000 when the home is complete, Blechman
said. Colorado Housing Inc. recently incorporated deed restrictions into the
properties so the houses remain affordable for low-income workers. They require
an owner to sell the house to someone who also falls into the low-income bracket
and the home prices are capped at a four percent increase per year.

Besides allowing more residents to become homeowners, the program fosters good
relationships between neighbors. All families in a build work together on each
other's homes so they are well acquainted when the work is finished and the
boxes unpacked.

"Nothing builds community like building your house together," said von
Tauffkirchen. Everyone supports one another, helps one another and everyone
bonds in the experience.

By Lisa Meerts

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 2006 The Daily Times (Farmington, NM)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             538 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                            March 26, 2016 Saturday

CHG Loan

LENGTH: 578  words


Region : East Asia and the Pacific
Sector : O-FA - Other Non-Banking Financial Institution (NBFI)
Department : Global Industry, Financial Markets
Environmental category : FI2
Date SPI disclosed  : March 25, 2016
Projected board date : April 28, 2016
Last Updated Date :  March 25, 2016
Project Description : Established in 2013 in Chongqing, China and sponsored by
Clearwater Capital Partners, LLC ( Clearwater ), Chongqing Economic and
Technological Development Zone Houze Small Loan Co.,Ltd ( CHG  or the  Company )
focuses on providing debt financing to privately-owned residential housing
developers in frontier regions in China.


The proposed project consists of a RMB denominated senior loan to CHG and
potential direct equity investment to the holding company of CHG. The Project
represents an IFC effort to support the supply side of private sector led
affordable housing in frontier regions in China, by working with an IFC global
partner to extend credits to small and medium size local housing developers.
Project Sponsor and Major Shareholders of Project Company :


The project sponsor is Clearwater Capital Partners, LLC, an Asia-dedicated
credit and special situations investment firm established in 2001. It now has
approximately US$1.5 billion assets under management and capital commitments
across 5 private equity structured funds and a hedge fund. The firm has 6
offices in Mumbai, Chongqing, Seoul, Singapore, Hong Kong and New York and 43
employees.
CHG is ultimately controlled by Clearwater. The controlling shareholder is
Clearwater Fund IV, with 76.9% equity stake. In July 2012, Clearwater Fund IV
secured US$575 million capital commitments from corporate and state pension
plans, fund of funds, endowments, foundations and family offices in the U.S.,
Europe and Asia.
Total Project Cost and Amount and Nature of IFC's Investment :


The proposed IFC investment include a 5-year RMB denominated senior loan of up
to US$40 million to CHG and a direct equity investment to the holding company of
CHG of up to US$20 million.
Location of Project and Description of Site : CHG is headquartered in Chongqing,
China and has no branch at the moment. The IFC investment will be used for
on-lending to affordable housing projects mainly in urban and sub-urban
districts of Chongqing and potentially in Chengdu, Sichuan Province if the
Chengdu lending license is successfully obtained.
Expected Development Impact :


Provides liquidity to build and complete private sector led affordable housing
projects to enable urbanizing rural population, including migrant workers, and
low to middle income urban households in frontier regions in China to afford
higher quality housing;

Promote and expand an alternative credit solution model to better serve the
unmet financing demand from private sector led affordable housing projects in
frontier regions in China.
Increase awareness and promote adoption of E&S standards among the small to
mediu
Project completion date : 2019-12-31 12:00:00
Major organization : CHONGQING ECONOMIC AND TECHNOLOGICAL DEVELOPMENT ZONE HOUZE
SMALL LOAN COMPANY LIMITED

Address : Unit 33-11, Metropolitan Oriental Plaza,


No. 68 Zourong Road
Yuzhong District, Chongqing

Country :China
Url : http://www.clearwatercapitalpartners.com /

Financier : World Bank (WB),

Financier address : WORLD BANK (WB)
1818 H Street, NW
Washington, DC 20433


USA
Website : http://www.worldbank.org /
Tel: (202) 473-1000
Fax: (202) 477-6391

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2016 Tenders Info
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             539 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                           January 11, 2006 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Urban housing starts fall: Limited land and shortages of skilled labour main
reasons; starts rise in rest of province

BYLINE: Fiona Anderson, Vancouver Sun

SECTION: BUSINESSBC; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 622  words


Housing starts in Vancouver and other major urban areas in the province dropped
in 2005, as limited land and a shortage of skilled labour put the brakes on
development. But in the province as a whole, starts were up, albeit slightly,
according to numbers released Tuesday by the Canada Mortgage and Housing
Corporation.

Housing starts in British Columbia, excluding rural areas, increased half a per
cent, from 30,874 to 31,043 units.

But starts in Vancouver fell three per cent -- from 19,430 to 18,840 units --
with drops of almost 13 per cent in Victoria and seven per cent in Abbotsford.
The lower housing starts were offset by a 24-per-cent growth spurt in new houses
in Kelowna, and 11.5-per-cent growth in other urban centres within the province.

The move away from the Lower Mainland into the Interior reflects the growing
difficulty with building in Vancouver and Victoria and other major urban
centres, CMHC senior market analyst Cameron Muir said in an interview.

"The reason for the decline is not waning consumer demand," Muir said. "It's
really a function of [having] in those very active markets increasingly complex
building sites, rising construction costs and competition for skilled labour
[which] is putting a ceiling on the number of units builders can produce each
year."

Constrained land supply, which necessitates high-density housing, takes more
planning and more effort in site preparation, adding to the complexity of
development and slowing down starts, Muir said.

Multiple unit starts kept the province on its upward trend with an increase of
5.6 per cent in 2005 from 18,545 units to 19,589. At the same time, the number
of single starts fell 7.1 per cent, from 12,239 to 11,454.

The number of housing starts in 2005 was the highest B.C. has seen since 1994,
when a struggling Ontario was forcing workers to go West to find jobs, Muir
said.

In that year, B.C. had 40,000 net new residents. In 2006, between 7,000 and
10,000 people are expected to move to B.C. from elsewhere in Canada, Muir said.

CMHC predicts that housing starts will slacken slightly in 2006 in both
Vancouver and the province with Vancouver seeing about 18,000 to 18,500 starts,
and the province -- including rural starts which are not included into Tuesday's
statistics -- down to 31,600 units. The decline would be largely caused by
further constriction in the urban centres, Muir said.

Month over month, housing starts in B.C. were up almost six per cent in December
compared to November, fueled by a 9.4 per cent increase in multiple units and a
slight drop in single detached homes.

Across Canada, residential starts were down 4.1 per cent to 223,900 units, the
CMHC stated in a news release. That downward trend is expected to continue as
mortgage rates rise.

The slight decrease in housing starts in Vancouver in 2005 is "not a big deal,"
Peter Simpson, CEO of the Greater Vancouver Home Builders' Association, said in
an interview.

Simpson attributes much of the slowdown to the builders themselves who are
slowing their pace to ensure tradespeople are available when needed.

Simpson expects housing starts in Vancouver to continue to fall in 2006.

And as the cost of land and the cost of developing that land continue to go up,
so will housing prices, Simpson said.

fionaanderson@png.canwest.com

Housing starts: White-hot market loses some sizzle

2005 was a banner year for home construction in B.C., however, residential
building in Vancouver, Victoria and Abbotsford declined, prompting CMHC to say
the new home supply will decline in 2006.

Housing unit

starts, 2005 % change

Vancouver 18,840 -3%

Victoria 2,058 -12.9%

Abbotsford 1,012 -6.6%

Kelowna 2,755 +23.9%

Prince George 284 -8.1%

Other centres 6,094 +11.5%

Urban B.C. 31,043 +0.5%

Source: CMHC

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: Ian Smith, Vancouver Sun; Construction Worker

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business; Statistics

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2006 The Vancouver Sun, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             540 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                  The Observer

                                 March 10, 2002

UK housing crisis 'needs 4m homes '

BYLINE: Kamal Ahmed Political Editor

SECTION: Observer News Pages, Pg. 4

LENGTH: 513 words


MORE THAN four million homes will have to be built in Britain over the next 20
years - equivalent to a town the size of Reading every year - if Britain is to
tackle rampant house price inflation.

A major inquiry to be published this month will attack the Government for
failing to tackle a crisis which means many key workers, such as nurses and
teachers, cannot afford new homes.

The report, by the respected Joseph Rowntree Foundation, will come as another
blow for Stephen Byers, the Cabinet Minister with responsibility for housing.

It will say that housebuilding is at its lowest level since 1924 and the
Government has been too slow to put in place affordable housing policies.

Last week it was revealed that house prices in Britain are rising faster than at
any time since the 1980s' boom. First-time buyers are being forced to borrow so
much money that many economists fear another 'housing meltdown' with millions of
people being left with crippling negative equity and homes they can no longer
sell.

New figures reveal that the annual increase in house prices was 16.9 per cent
last month, raising the average price by nearly pounds 15,000 to pounds 101,980,
well out of the reach of many workers, particularly in the public sector. A
deposit of nearly pounds 15,000 is now required to get on the first rung of the
housing ladder.

The International Monetary Fund has also said the amount of debt being carried
by people in the form of mortgages and personal loans was in danger of becoming
unsustainable. Low interest rates meant that people were borrowing beyond their
means.

Lord Best, the Foundation's director, said Britain had to tackle its obsession
with protecting 'greenfield' sites which were often little more than 'drab land
on the edge of cities'. Although brownfield sites in cities could be used to
build some of the houses needed, country locations would also be required.

'The development of suburban England has been tremendously wasteful of land,' he
said. 'People seem to think it is their right to have a 60-foot garden despite
the huge effect this has on the lack of space for affordable housing.

The report highlights the growth of 'Poundbury syndrome', named after the town
backed by the Prince of Wales built on the outskirts of Dorchester in Dorset.

In an effort to get back to what critics say is an idealised version of rural
living, houses in Poundbury were built with large spaces in between and big
gardens. In many rural areas, residents balk at the notion of any more houses
being built near them.

The growth of single-person households, the increase in the number of divorced
couples and separated families and increasing affluence have all been blamed for
the chronic lack of housing in Britain, particularly in areas of rapid economic
growth such as London and the South East.

Housebuilding companies have also been attacked for concentrating their efforts
on constructing low-density executive homes, which can be sold for greater
profit than higher-density flats and maisonettes.


LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2002 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                             541 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            April 30, 2015 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

Saddling Homeowners With Risky Loans

BYLINE: By THE EDITORIAL BOARD

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Editorial Desk; EDITORIAL; Pg. 30

LENGTH: 477 words


House Republicans, with the help of several Democrats, recently passed two bills
to weaken new rules against predatory mortgage lending. Senate Republicans are
now trying to win support for the same measures, arguing that the rules would
impose ''regulatory burdens'' that unduly restrict credit.

That is way off base. The rules, called for in the Dodd-Frank financial reform
law of 2010, require that lenders provide borrowers of complex, high-cost loans
with written disclosure of the loan rate and maximum monthly payment as well as
the consequences of default. They also require lenders to give mortgage
applicants a list of counseling organizations that can educate them on risks,
rights and responsibilities.

The rules seek to curtail the use of the riskiest loan features, like balloon
payments, and to reduce conflicts of interest, like the use by lenders of
affiliates in insurance and other related fields, that can result in borrowers
being steered into overpriced loans.

The rules generally do not apply to loans with straightforward terms or prohibit
risky loans to qualified, well-informed borrowers. Their purpose is to help
prevent lenders from peddling deceptive and high-cost loans to unsuspecting
borrowers.

One such lender, according to a recent article by The Seattle Times and the
Center for Public Integrity, a nonprofit investigative group, is Clayton Homes,
headquartered in Maryville, Tenn. Clayton is the nation's biggest builder and
seller of manufactured homes -- basically mobile homes permanently affixed to
their sites. It is also the biggest lender to buyers of manufactured homes,
having increasingly dominated the industry since 2003, when it was acquired by
Berkshire Hathaway, the conglomerate led by Warren Buffett. The report, which
Clayton Homes claimed was misleading, said the company uses high-pressure sales
tactics, exorbitant fees and excessive interest rates to bolster profits on
loans that borrowers cannot afford for homes they often cannot sell or
refinance.

One of the two bills approved by the House would effectively exempt loans for
manufactured homes from the new anti-predation rules. The bill's architect was
Representative Stephen Fincher, a Republican from Clayton's home base in
Tennessee. Its potential victims are the kinds of consumers the law is meant to
protect -- the mostly older, lower-income buyers of manufactured homes in rural
areas where affordable housing is scarce.

The White House has said it would veto the bills if need be, though the
Republican tactic of passing piecemeal rollbacks to Dodd-Frank raises the
possibility that the bill could be added to a larger measure.

In the meantime, shareholders who gather this week for Berkshire Hathaway's
shareholder meeting could ask Mr. Buffett what it is about basic consumer
protection that Clayton Homes finds so threatening.




URL: http://www.nytimes.com/2015/04/30/opinion/saddling-homeowners-with-risky-
loans.html

LOAD-DATE: April 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 The New York Times Company


                             542 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                             March 8, 2001 Thursday
                                  Late Edition

Roll out the Bowral;
the market

BYLINE: Harvey Grennan

SECTION: DOMAIN; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 970 words


Get in fast if you want a property in the Southern Highlands.

Property prices are likely to soar in the Southern Highlands under a "low
growth" planning policy up for adoption by Wingecarribee Shire Council. Bowral
and its surrounding centres have been a weekend enclave for Sydney's
better-heeled citizens since the middle of last century. They are likely to
remain so. The current development at East Bowral, where the supply of vacant
land is dwindling, could be the last big tract to be released for residential
development.

The "sustainable low growth" strategic plan is aimed at protecting the
"landscape qualities, natural resources and quality of life" of the shire.
Another factor is the protection of the catchment for Sydney's drinking water,
which suffered giardia and cryptosporidium outbreaks in 1998.

Preservation of the area's rural character is a hot local issue. Five years ago
farmers lost their concession to carve off two-hectare blocks, which are highly
sought after. As supply has dried up, the price of these blocks has doubled.

More recently, the council has resolved to prevent homes being built on the top
of escarpments to preserve the landscape for tourists.

Only limited development is contemplated in the strategic plan, including 400
lots at Renwick near Mittagong and a parcel at Moss Vale. Subdivision potential
at Penrose and Wingello will be reviewed. There will be no extension to rural
small-holding areas and villages will not be permitted to expand into
surrounding rural lands.

Mayor Phil Yeo says the plan "allows room for growth without creating suburban
sprawl, which invariably occurs when town and village boundaries are lost".

The Southern Highlands Business Chamber says the plan will result in rapidly
escalating land values. "Are we to place signage at the entrances to the shire
saying 'house full' or 'no riffraff allowed'?" says president Garry Barnsley.
"It is a plan for the 'haves' at the expense of the 'have nots'. Council may try
to erect the palisades but we can't ignore four million people on our doorstep."

But Helen Chadwick, chair of the Southern Highlands Landcare Network, says the
plan reflects the wishes of the community. "We already have too much traffic
through Bowral due to the enormous growth allowed in the East Bowral
development," she said.

The newly formed Wingecarribee Committee for Managed Growth wants an economic
impact study and more time to study the plan.

AGENTS' RIGHTS - AND RESPONSIBILITES

The conscience of real estate

A real estate agents' guide to the Trade Practices Act, Fair and Square, is
available from the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission (level 5
Skygarden, 77 Castlereagh Street, 9230 9133) for $10. It spells out agents'
rights and responsibilities and covers the GST, unconscionable conduct,
franchising, agency services, land, pricing and more.

DELAYS IN HOME-LOAN APPROVALS

Long wait for big bucks

Major banks are taking up to two weeks to approve home loans instead of the
usual 48 hours. "The service level at the moment is just terrible," says a
leading mortgage broker, singling out Westpac and ANZ as the slowest. "It's just
not

good enough for people who are wanting to buy at auction."

Meanwhile non-bank lender to use brokers to sell its loans.

Chief executive Charles Weiser says RAMS has the margin to use brokers because,
unlike Aussie Home Loans and Wizard, it raises its own funds rather than
securitising funds from other lenders.

Brokers can access RAMS home loans at a new Internet site developed by Citibank.
The site also accesses loans from Citibank Mortgages and GE Mortgage Solutions.

WEB SITE COMPETITION

Click on this

Domain.com.au came in for a proper pasting from veteran agent Max Horne at Raine
and Horne's annual knees-up. Why did agents keep using it when they have their
own Web site in propertypage.com.au? Perhaps because they want to find
customers. Domain.com is No 2 and propertypage.com No 11 with real estate Web
users, according to Net-use monitor Hitwise. Top of the pops is
realestate.com.au which News Ltd recently rescued from the financial abyss. Now
another leading player, property.com.au, has changed hands with RP Data, a
earlier suitor for realestate.com.au, picking it up from PMP Communications for
$3 million.

MIDDLE-AGED FIRST-HOME BUYERS

Shattered stereotypes

The Government's $7,000 first-home buyers' grant has had an unintended
side-effect. The average age of first-home buyers has risen, particularly in
rural and regional areas, according to the Office of State Revenue and real
estate agents. The first-home buyer stereotype of a young couple is giving way
to people in their 30s, 40s and 50s who, before the grant, had resigned
themselves to renting for the rest of their lives. Leanne Pilkington of Laing +
Simmons attributes the age increase to rising property prices, the costs of
education and the trend for couples to marry later and delay having a family.

DILI DEVELOPMENT CONFERENCE

Brave new world

Three leading eco-architects have returned from East Timor where they attended
the fledgling nation's first sustainable development conference. Gareth Cole,
David Baggs and Tony Edye found urban architecture in Dili "totally
inappropriate" and promised to come up with practical ways to rebuild housing
and improve sustainability and living conditions.

JUST WILD ABOUT HARRY

Born free

Meriton's Harry Triguboff may not have cuddled a koala (Domain, February 22),
but he has found new homes for the odd bell frog and possum. Green and gold bell
frogs sitting in front of the dozers at a Meriton development at Rosebery looked
wistfully at Triguboff and ended up at a Taronga Zoo sex party (Triguboff calls
it a breeding program) before resettling in lovely ponds at Botany. More
recently he found some cosy bushland for possums nesting in an old substation in
St Leonards.

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: TWO ILLUS: Harry's practice: Meriton chief finds new homes for
displaced possums. Photo: Quentin Jones Timor team: Aussie architects have big
plans for improving Dili's urban architecture. Photo: Andrew Meares

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2001 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             543 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 3, 2014 Wednesday

Agriculture, Rural Housing Service: Loan Specialist (General) STHKY-2015-017

LENGTH: 2719  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of Personnel Management has issued the following job announcement:

Job Title:Loan Specialist (General)

Department:Department Of Agriculture

Agency:Agriculture, Rural Housing Service

Job Announcement Number:STHKY-2015-017
SALARY RANGE:
 $47,923.00 to $75,376.00 / Per Year
OPEN PERIOD:
 Tuesday, December 2, 2014 to Thursday, December 11, 2014
SERIES & GRADE:
 GS-1165-09/11
POSITION INFORMATION:
 Full-Time - Permanent
PROMOTION POTENTIAL:
11
DUTY LOCATIONS:
 1 vacancy - Madisonville, KY View Map
WHO MAY APPLY:
 Current permanent USDA Rural Development employees with competitive status, and
USDA CTAP eligibles within the local commuting area.
SECURITY CLEARANCE:
 Q - Nonsensitive
SUPERVISORY STATUS:
 No
JOB SUMMARY:

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural Development Agency serves rural
communities throughout the country by investing in their communities through
housing and utility infrastructure, by increasing economic opportunity, and by
improving the quality of life for all rural Americans.  Rural Development
provides over 40 loan and grant programs in the Rural Housing and Community
Facilities Services, Rural Business and Cooperative Services, and Rural
Utilities Service. Rural Development supports a positive work environment and
promotes diversity and inclusion for nearly 5,000 employees.

Rural Development is a dynamic organization recruiting for employees who possess
the energy, compassion, and commitment to serve those in rural communities and
will enjoy working in a fast paced and results driven organization.  Our
commitment is to expand economic opportunity and quality of life in all of rural
America by providing financial programs to support essential public facilities
and services such as water and sewer systems, housing, health clinics, emergency
service facilities and electric and telephone service.  Rural Development offers
a friendly and professional working environment and such excellent benefits as:
a generous salary, alternative work schedules, paid vacation and sick leave,
paid holidays, retirement and supplemental savings plan, a wide array of health,
dental, vision, and life insurance plans, flexible spending accounts, and
long-term care insurance.

This position is being concurrently announced under Delegated Examining
Procedures on announcement number DEU-KY-2015-0128 open to any US Citizen.
Current Federal employees may apply to both announcements, but should be sure to
apply to this announcement STHKY-2015-017 to maximize opportunities for
consideration since different referral criteria apply to each announcement type.

TRAVEL REQUIRED

25% or Greater
    Travel to perform Loan Specialist duties

RELOCATION AUTHORIZED

No

KEY REQUIREMENTS

US Citizenship is required.
    Selective Service Registration is required for males born after 12/31/1959.
    No Relocation expenses will be paid.
    Must submit a copy of your most performance appraisal (rating).
    Must submit a copy of your most recent (non-award) SF-50.

DUTIES:
Back to top

This position is located in a Area office in USDA/Rural Development (RD). The
incumbent has responsibility for making and servicing loans/grants for small
residential dwellings, and/or selected multi-family housing (MFH) projects,
and/or selected loans and grants for rural facilities, utilities, and/or
businesses.

The incumbent deals with loans either made or guaranteed by the government and
grants for small residential dwellings (e.g., four units or less), and/or MFH
projects and/or very small commercial loans and grants. Commercial and MFH loans
are prescreened by the supervisor to remove those with more difficult
problems/complexities. Credit and financial analysis are based on well-developed
facts which are readily evaluated under RD guidelines.


QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED:
Back to top

For the GS-09 level: Applicants must have 1 year of specialized experience
equivalent to at least the GS-07; or its non-Federal equivalent that
demonstrates: experience in performing loan making and/or loan servicing duties
such as regularly examining loan applications, supporting documents and credit
reports, and maintaining servicing activities of somewhat complex loans and/or
grants; assisting higher level loan specialists by performing assigned portions
of financial credit analysis in connection with more complex loans as a way of
acquiring training and competency for more difficult loan examining and
servicing assignments OR master's or equivalent graduate degree OR 2 full years
of progressively higher level graduate education leading to such a degree or
LL.B. or J.D., if related. Equivalent combination of education and experience
are qualifying for this grade level.

For GS-11: Applicants must have 1 year of specialized experience equivalent to
at least the GS-09; or its non-Federal equivalent that demonstrate thorough
knowledge and understanding of complex mortgage or commercial loan
making/servicing and credit principles and practices in order to assess the
fundamental soundness of business loans and loans to corporate and/or municipal
entities and to independently examine applications and corporate financial
documents, and maintain servicing activities on a variety of commercial loans.
Experience may have been gained in work equivalent to reviewing and passing upon
applications for a variety of commercial loans or by servicing a commercial loan
portfolio of a bank or other loan association; performing financial analysis of
commercial concerns for investment purposes; appraising real estate and business
property to determine property valuation; or similar work; OR Ph.D. or
equivalent doctoral degree OR 3 full years of progressively higher level
graduate education leading to such a degree or LL.M., if related OR a
combination of education as described and specialized experience.


o  Must possess and maintain a valid driver's license
o  Travel will be required.
o  Selectee must be able to obtain and maintain a security clearance. If
selected you may be subject to a National Agency Check and Inquiry (NACI) and a
credit report inquiry.
o  This position requires up to 25% travel.
HOW YOU WILL BE EVALUATED:

You will be evaluated based on your qualifications for this position as
evidenced by the education, experience, and training you described in your
application package, as well as the responses to the Occupational Questionnaire
to determine the degree to which you possess the knowledge, skills, abilities
and competencies listed below:

Knowledge of Housing Commercial and Community Programs loan and/or grant making
requirements.
        Knowledge of Housing, Commercial and Community Program servicing
requirements.
        Knowledge of Building Standards, Costs, Specifications and Contracts.
        Program Administration and Project Management.
        Oral Communication.
        Written Communication.
    We will review your application, including the online Occupational
Questionnaire, to ensure you meet the job requirements and assess your ability
to perform this job. Before any certificate can be issued to the selecting
official, the resume and supporting documents are reviewed by an HR Specialist
to ensure that (a) minimum qualification requirements are met and (b) the resume
supports the answers provided to the job-specific questions. Your answers will
be verified against information provided in your online resume and application.
Be sure that your resume clearly supports your responses to all the questions
addressing experience and education relevant to this position.
    Applicants who meet the basic minimum qualification requirements and are
determined to be among the best qualified candidates will be referred to the
hiring manager for consideration. Non-Competitive candidates need to meet
minimum qualification requirements to be referred.

Note: If, after reviewing your resume and / or supporting documentation, a
determination is made that you have inflated your qualifications and or
experience, your score can / will be lowered to more accurately reflect the
submitted documentation. Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or
omissions may affect your rating. Deliberate attempts to falsify information may
be grounds for not selecting you.

To view the application form, visit:
https://rhs.usda.ntis.gov/cp/?event=jobs.previewApplication&jobid=40aa1e96-8765-
44ce-8ff3-a3ea00bc9025

BENEFITS:
Back to top

You can review our benefits at:
http://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/healthcare/enrollment/new-federal-employ
ee-enrollment/
The Federal Government offers a comprehensive benefits package.  Explore the
major benefits offered to most Federal employees at:
http://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/healthcare/enrollment/new-federal-employ
ee-enrollment/

OTHER INFORMATION:
o  Obtain and use a Government-issued charge card for business-related travel.
o  Career Transition Assistance Plan(CTAP):   If you are claiming CTAP
eligibility, provide proof of eligibility to include your most recent
performance appraisal, SF-50, and proof of eligibility such as a RIF separation
notice or letter from OPM/your agency.  CTAP eligibles will be considered
well-qualified if achieving a rating of 88 or above.  Information about CTAP
eligibility is on OPM's Career Transition Resources website at
http://www.opm.gov/ctap/index.asp.
o If you are selected for a position with further promotion potential, you will
be placed under a career development plan, and may be non-competitively promoted
if you successfully complete the requirements and if recommended by management.
However, promotion is neither implied nor guaranteed.
o  Relocation expenses are not authorized.
o  This position is eligible for telework and other flexible work arrangements.
Employee participation is at the discretion of the supervisor.
HOW TO APPLY:
Back to top

Please read the entire announcement and all the instructions before you begin.
The following instructions outline our application process.

You must complete this application process and submit all required documents
electronically by 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time (ET) on the closing date of this
announcement.
    We are available to assist you during business hours (normally 8:00 a.m. -
4:00 p.m., Monday - Friday). Applying online is highly encouraged. If applying
online poses a hardship, please contact our office during business hours well
before the closing date for an alternate method. All hardship application
packages with supporting documents must be submitted no later than noon on the
closing date of the announcement in order to be entered into the system prior to
its closing.
    This agency provides reasonable accommodation to applicants with
disabilities on a case-by-case basis; contact us if you are requesting this.

Step 1: Create a USAJOBS account (if you do not have one) at www.usajobs.gov. It
is recommended that as part of your profile you set up automatic email
notification to be informed when the status of your application changes. If you
choose not to set up this automatic notification, then you will have to log into
your USAJOBS account to check on the status of your application.


Step 2: Create a resume with USAJOBS or upload a resume into your USAJOBS
account. Customize your resume to ensure it documents duties and accomplishments
you have gained that are directly related to this position in order to verify
that qualifications are met. Your resume must support your responses to the
online questionnaire (you may preview the online questionnaire by clicking on
the link at the end of the How You Will Be Evaluated section of the job
announcement).

Step 3: Click "Apply Online" and follow the prompts to complete the Occupational
Questionnaire and attach any additional documents that may be required.
You can update your application or documents anytime while the announcement is
open. Log into your USAJOBS account and click on "Application Status." Click on
the position title, and then select "Update Application" to continue.
NOTE: Verify that uploaded documents from USAJOBs transfer into the Agency's
staffing system. Once in the Agency's staffing system you will have the
opportunity to upload additional documents. Uploaded documents must be less than
3MB and in one of the following document formats: GIF, JPG, JPEG, PNG, RTF, PDF,
or Word (DOC or DOCX).


REQUIRED DOCUMENTS:

Please provide a copy of your College transcript(s) which support those
qualifications for which you wish to have considered.

A resume should be provided.  It should include relevant work experience
(start/end dates stated in month/year, description of duties and salary),
applicable education at a minimum, and your contact information.  For current
Federal employees, it should also include the pay plan, series and grade for
each work experience entry.
A copy of the latest (non-award) SF-50, Notification of Personnel Action must be
included.

A complete Application Package must be submitted and received prior to 11:59,
ET, on the closing date. The following documents are required for your
application package to be complete. Our office cannot be responsible for
incompatible software, illegible fax transmissions, delays in the mail service,
your system failure or downtime, etc. Failure to submit required, legible
documents may result in loss of consideration.

Resume that includes the following information: 1) personal information; 2)
education; 3) work experience including the work schedule and hours worked per
week as well as dates of employment; and title, series and grade if applicable;
4) supervisor's phone number and e-mail address for each work period listed and
whether or not we may contact them for reference checks; and, 5) other
qualifications.
    College Transcripts if education is required for meeting basic
qualifications and/or used as a substitute for specialized experience. An
unofficial copy is sufficient however, if selected; an official college
transcript will be required prior to entering on duty. Education must have been
successfully completed and obtained from an accredited school, college, or
university. Foreign education must be evaluated by an approved organization. For
additional information, refer to the U.S. Department of Education web site at
http://www.ed.gov. All transcripts must be in English or include an English
translation.

Other required documents as applicable:

Current Career/Career-Conditional: Most recent non-award Notification of
Personnel Action (SF-50 or equivalent) showing that you are in the competitive
service, highest grade (or promotion potential) held on a permanent basis,
federal status, position title, series and grade AND most recently completed
performance appraisal (dated within 18 months) showing the official rating of
record, signed by the supervisor, or a statement as to why the performance
appraisal is unavailable. Do not submit a performance plan.
    CTAP: Certification of Expected Separation, Reduction-In-Force Separation
Notice, Notice of Proposed Removal, or appropriate OPM/Agency certification; AND
most recent performance evaluation; AND SF-50 demonstrating your separation or
the position from which you will be separated.

AGENCY CONTACT INFO:
Cheri Gaudinier
Phone: 859-224-7313
Fax: 1-855-661-8334
Email: cheri.gaudinier@ky.usda.gov
Agency Information:
USDA Rural Development
771 Corporate Drive; Suite 200
Lexington, KY,
40503
US
Fax: 1-855-661-8334
WHAT TO EXPECT NEXT:
If you set up your USAJOBS account to send automatic email notifications, you
will receive an email acknowledging: 1) the submission of your online
Occupational Questionnaire and resume was successful,  2) if you were referred
to the selecting official for consideration, and  3) if you were selected or not
selected. If you choose not to set up automatic email notifications, you must
check your USAJOBS account for the latest status of your application. Your
application may be reviewed to verify that you meet the qualifications and
eligibility requirements for the position prior to issuing lists to a selecting
official. If further evaluation or interviews are required, you will be
contacted. Normally, a final job offer to the selected candidate is made within
30-60 days after the issuance of the certificate.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             544 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                August 24, 1998

Into the Economic Mainstream

BYLINE: BY JOHN D. HAWKE JR.; Under Secretary of the Treasury Mr. Hawke recently
addressed the National Association of Affordable Housing Lenders.  His excerpted
remarks are presented as our Open Forum.

SECTION: OPEN FORUM; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 828 words


A goal that I believe -- and that I know Treasury Secretary Rubin and President
Clinton believe -- is of immense importance to our society and our economy as we
approach the 21st century (is): Giving every American the opportunity to join
and succeed in the economic mainstream.

We can, and we must, do more to ensure that our economy works for all Americans.
The key is to identify strategies and replicate them on a national scale and on
a sustained basis.  Our strategy involves a three pronged approach:

The first is strengthening public safety.  In addition to the human costs, high
crime rates are a significant barrier to economic activity.

Second, is investing in people, through the Earned Income Tax Credit; through
education and training, from preschool to adult; and through improving the "job
readiness" of the least advantaged and connecting them to the workforce.

And third, which I will focus on today, is increasing access to private sector
capital and other measures to restore healthy market forces in the inner cities
and distressed rural areas.

At Treasury, we have been very focused on these problems.  We have enacted new
incentives for investments in the inner cities, from our brownfields tax
incentive to encourage the revitalization of environmentally contaminated
properties in distressed areas, to new rounds of Empowerment Zones, fostering
comprehensive approaches to a community's problems.  We have enacted incentives
to help firms hire low income workers who have a difficult time in the labor
markets.  And we have made permanent the low income housing tax credit, helping
to create 90,000 units of affordable housing every year.  This year, the
President has proposed expanding the credit by 40%, which would mean an
additional 180,000 units of affordable housing over the next five years alone.

I think one of the most significant things we've done is help make our financial
system work better for communities long left behind.  At the core of this
approach, we have strengthened the Community Reinvestment Act and launched the
Community Development Financial Institutions Fund.

Now in its 20th year, CRA, in my view, is working.  In 1996 alone, large
commercial banks made $ 18 billion in community development loans.  In the last
four years, national banks have invested four times as much in community
development as they did in the previous thirty years.

Moreover, Home Mortgage Disclosure Act data for 1996 show that since 1993,
private sector conventional home mortgage lending to African Americans has
increased by 67.2 percent, lending to Hispanics has risen 48.5 percent, and
lending in low and moderate income areas is up 37.9 percent.  All this, in a
period in which the market grew only 18 percent.  This data shows real progress,
but much work still needs to be done.

Going forward, nonprofit groups report that there have now been $ 397 billion in
loan pledges to low income areas since CRA was enacted 20 years ago.  Over the
past five years, loan pledges have totaled $ 355 billion, 89 percent of all loan
pledges made since 1977.

The goal of the CDFI Fund is to build a nationwide network of community
development financial institutions to expand access to credit and financial
services in lower income communities.  Often, CDFIs are the pioneers in their
marketplaces, making the leading edge investments based on superior local
knowledge, providing technical assistance to borrowers, and thereby
demonstrating to traditional lenders that these are viable markets.  Banks, in
turn, are looking for these opportunities, partly as a result of CRA.  Banks
have partnered with CDFIs, and once they become involved, many of these
mainstream institutions are staying at the table as they come to understand
these markets and see the available opportunities.

The CDFI Fund has two main programs: the CDFI program, which is designed to
assist specialized community development financial institutions, and the Bank
Enterprise Award program, which rewards financial institutions that are
increasing their lending and providing more financial services in distressed
communities.  Both programs pursue strategies designed to meet local needs to
help each community deal with its particular circumstances, whether it is
helping people buy a house, or start a business.

The Fund has awarded over $ 75 million to 80 CDFIs and intermediaries around the
country in its first two rounds of awards, and under the BEA program, 92 insured
depository institutions have received over $ 30 million in awards for their
activities.  This year, the third round of the BEA program will provide another
$ 25 million in incentives to banks and thrifts who increase their investments
in distressed communities and in CDFIs; 104 banks have applied, seeking $ 60
million in funding.

As a nation, we can never hope to reach our full economic potential unless we
succeed in bringing all Americans into the economic mainstream.

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture, no caption

                         Copyright 1998 Faulkner & Gray


                             545 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                August 24, 1998

Into the Economic Mainstream

BYLINE: BY JOHN D. HAWKE JR.; Under Secretary of the Treasury Mr. Hawke recently
addressed the National Association of Affordable Housing Lenders.  His excerpted
remarks are presented as our Open Forum.

SECTION: OPEN FORUM; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 829 words


A goal that I believe -- and that I know Treasury Secretary Rubin and President
Clinton believe -- is of immense importance to our society and our economy as we
approach the 21st century (is): Giving every American the opportunity to join
and succeed in the economic mainstream.

We can, and we must, do more to ensure that our economy works for all Americans.
The key is to identify strategies and replicate them on a national scale and on
a sustained basis.  Our strategy involves a three pronged approach:

The first is strengthening public safety.  In addition to the human costs, high
crime rates are a significant barrier to economic activity.

Second, is investing in people, through the Earned Income Tax Credit; through
education and training, from preschool to adult; and through improving the "job
readiness" of the least advantaged and connecting them to the workforce.

And third, which I will focus on today, is increasing access to private sector
capital and other measures to restore healthy market forces in the inner cities
and distressed rural areas.

At Treasury, we have been very focused on these problems.  We have enacted new
incentives for investments in the inner cities, from our brownfields tax
incentive to encourage the revitalization of environmentally contaminated
properties in distressed areas, to new rounds of Empowerment Zones, fostering
comprehensive approaches to a community's problems.  We have enacted incentives
to help firms hire low income workers who have a difficult time in the labor
markets.  And we have made permanent the low income housing tax credit, helping
to create 90,000 units of affordable housing every year.  This year, the
President has proposed expanding the credit by 40%, which would mean an
additional 180,000 units of affordable housing over the next five years alone.

I think one of the most significant things we've done is help make our financial
system work better for communities long left behind.  At the core of this
approach, we have strengthened the Community Reinvestment Act and launched the
Community Development Financial Institutions Fund.

Now in its 20th year, CRA, in my view, is working.  In 1996 alone, large
commercial banks made $ 18 billion in community development loans.  In the last
four years, national banks have invested four times as much in community
development as they did in the previous thirty years.

Moreover, Home Mortgage Disclosure Act data for 1996 show that since 1993,
private sector conventional home mortgage lending to African Americans has
increased by 67.2 percent, lending to Hispanics has risen 48.5 percent, and
lending in low and moderate income areas is up 37.9 percent.  All this, in a
period in which the market grew only 18 percent.  This data shows real progress,
but much work still needs to be done.

Going forward, nonprofit groups report that there have now been $ 397 billion in
loan pledges to low income areas since CRA was enacted 20 years ago.  Over the
past five years, loan pledges have totaled $ 355 billion, 89 percent of all loan
pledges made since 1977.

The goal of the CDFI Fund is to build a nationwide network of community
development financial institutions to expand access to credit and financial
services in lower income communities.  Often, CDFIs are the pioneers in their
marketplaces, making the leading edge investments based on superior local
knowledge, providing technical assistance to borrowers, and thereby
demonstrating to traditional lenders that these are viable markets.  Banks, in
turn, are looking for these opportunities, partly as a result of CRA.  Banks
have partnered with CDFIs, and once they become involved, many of these
mainstream institutions are staying at the table as they come to understand
these markets and see the available opportunities.

The CDFI Fund has two main programs: the CDFI program, which is designed to
assist specialized community development financial institutions, and the Bank
Enterprise Award program, which rewards financial institutions that are
increasing their lending and providing more financial services in distressed
communities.  Both programs pursue strategies designed to meet local needs to
help each community deal with its particular circumstances, whether it is
helping people buy a house, or start a business.

The Fund has awarded over $ 75 million to 80 CDFIs and intermediaries around the
country in its first two rounds of awards, and under the BEA program, 92 insured
depository institutions have received over $ 30 million in awards for their
activities.  This year, the third round of the BEA program will provide another
$ 25 million in incentives to banks and thrifts who increase their investments
in distressed communities and in CDFIs; 104 banks have applied, seeking $ 60
million in funding.

As a nation, we can never hope to reach our full economic potential unless we
succeed in bringing all Americans into the economic mainstream.

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture, no caption

                         Copyright 1998 Faulkner & Gray


                             546 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            August 4, 2007 Saturday
                                  All Editions

A HOME OF YOUR OWN;
Can you afford it?;
Experts say the area has affordable homes; potential buyers ask, 'Where?'

BYLINE: AIMEE DOLLOFF OF THE NEWS STAFF

SECTION: Pg. A1

LENGTH: 1365 words


Finding an affordable house in Greater Bangor is more difficult than some
prospective buyers originally anticipated, but housing officials say there are
affordable homes out there.

"The vast majority of houses I've seen need substantial work in the first few
years of owning them," Tanya Pereira, 30, of Holden, who is looking to buy a
home, said Thursday. "At this price range, there's very little that's ready to
go without some sort of investment."

A single mom, Pereira's looking for a two- or three-bedroom home in the $100,000
range for her and her 4-year-old daughter, Sophie, whose given name is Sophia.
Pereira said she has been renting a small house in Holden for the last two years
since her divorce, but hopes to purchase a home by the time her daughter starts
kindergarten about a year from now.

"I'm obsessed with having enough space for Sophie's swing set," Pereira said.

But there are some things she's willing to exchange for what's most important,
like a place for Sophie to play, good schools and a safe neighborhood.

"I really had to lower my expectations," Pereira said. "I've really had to look
at what I'm willing to sacrifice."

While there's no concrete definition of an affordable house, the general rule is
that buyers shouldn't spend more than 30 percent of their adjusted gross income
on their mortgage.

"In Greater Bangor or Penobscot County, there are homes available," Michael
Aube, Maine's U.S. Department of Agriculture rural development director, said
Wednesday.

"There seems to be an availability of both new construction as well as existing
homes that are affordable," he said.

That's a good sign for the economy as well, Aube said.

"One of the engines that drives the economy in Maine is not just the housing
industry, but the affordable housing industry," Stephen Mooers, director of
Penquis CAP housing services and housing development, said Wednesday. "People
like Cianbro and Hollywood Slots, they've got to have people to work."

Those people need places to live. While some don't want to make the potential
20- or 30-year commitment to purchase a home, the majority of people like to
own, Mooers said.

When developing new housing projects, Penquis CAP primarily focuses on rental
housing, such as that on Griffin Road in Bangor. But recently it completed a
single-family development in Searsport, and Mooers said he's always looking at
the market and possible housing options.

"The city of Bangor has about 35,000 people," he said. "It has the
infrastructure to sustain a population probably twice that size, but it doesn't
have the housing to accommodate it."

The main reason for that, is the lack and cost of land.

"Where are you going to put it?" Mooers asked.


What's available

The Web site www.Realtor.com is a popular site used by potential buyers. As of
Friday morning, there were 1,193 single family homes listed for Maine's northern
region 2, which runs from Dixmont to Bangor and north to Enfield.

But when the search criteria is set with $150,000 as a maximum, the listings
shrink to 421. For someone looking to spend $125,000 or less, there were 237
listings, and at $100,000 or less there were 130.

When the search is modified again to include properties within the Bangor zip
code, there were 562 available single family properties with 107 listed under
$150,000. That number dropped to 20 listings at $100,000 or less.

Most single family properties under $70,000 were camps or homes that need
extensive work with phrases in their descriptions such as "being sold as is" or
"handyman special." Descriptions of those in the $80,000 to $90,000 range begged
for some tender loving care or the properties were in more rural areas, such as
Dexter or Corinna.

That's not to say homes aren't selling. Based on their observations of the
market, Aube and Mooers noted that the real estate market is beginning to shift
and become a buyer's market.

"It's a buyer's market for the first time in a long time," Mooers said.

Penquis CAP, through its MaineStream Finance program, provided homebuyer
education to more than 300 individuals last year. In addition, the organization
assisted 20 families and individuals in purchasing a single family home,
according to Penquis CAP Community Relations Manager Jennifer Brooks.

Last year, Aube's office assisted about 111 people in finding a home they could
afford in Penobscot County.

"That's probably about an average [year]," he said.

Maine's home ownership rate is more than 76 percent, which is among the highest
in the country, according to Aube. The national ownership rate is about 69
percent.

It has been proven that there's a direct link between economic development and
home ownership, according to Aube and Mooers.


Mainers like to own

Mooers says Maine's home ownership rate also has a lot to do with New England
mentality.

"People in Maine like to own, they don't like to rent," Mooers said Wednesday.
"Poor people don't own anything traditionally, but they do here in Maine."

Many Mainers tend to follow the old adage that if you can't afford to pay cash,
don't buy it. That sometimes makes it difficult to build good credit, which is
what most lending institutions base their decisions on.

Maine residents whose incomes fall below the state's 2006 median income of
$44,488 also run into problems.

"The thing that's missing in the lives of most low-income people is equity,"
Mooers said.

The average family of four with both parents working minimum wage jobs brings in
about $25,000 per year, he said.

"They can't afford a typical home today without some subsidy," Mooers said.

The form of subsidy also has changed in recent years.

"The days of grants have sort of disappeared," Mooers said. "We're in a war
right now."

There are forgivable loans available, which are similar to grants, but most of
the assistance provided to buy comes in the form of low-interest loans and other
funds that have to be paid back.

Pereira said she's fortunate to work for the city of Brewer and have a
good-paying job, but that it's difficult to find something suitable with only
one income.

"Everything adds up so quickly," she said.

A good school system is very important, while Pereira considers a third bedroom
more of a luxury.

"It's not going to be my dream home, but it's going to be a great first step for
Sophie and I," Pereira said.


A home for $100,000?

Pereira's not alone in her search for a home in the $100,000 range.

"We get a lot of calls from people looking in that range," Pereira's realtor,
Tricia Largay of Realty of Maine, said.

Jonathan and Karen Prete of Bangor also are trying to find an affordable two- or
three-bedroom home with more than one bathroom.

"We're not looking for anything very elaborate, just a nice comfortable home,
and it's really hard to find," Karen Prete, 42, said Thursday. "The ones that we
have found, they have something wrong with them that would prevent us from
getting homeowners insurance or that would make us have to spend a fortune to
fix them after we purchase them."

The Pretes have seen rotted support beams, leaky roofs, faulty wiring, and bad
neighborhoods in their search for a home.

"I'm not so concerned with cosmetics or anything, because that's easy," Prete
said. "I just want a basic, sound house."

Pereira is looking for the same thing. The single mom said she's not very handy
when it comes to major repairs and has to consider what could go wrong down the
road when she looks at a house.

"If I get into a house, what's going to go wrong in the first five years?" she
asked. "The vast majority of houses I've seen need substantial work in the first
few years of owning them."

The quest became so frustrating for both families that each stopped looking for
a while and just recently started searching again.

"When we first started to look for a home we were very enthusiastic. The longer
the search continued, the more it seemed like a chore," Karen Prete stated in a
recent e-mail.

She estimates she and her husband have looked at more than 20 homes and still
haven't found anything they want to buy.

"It just got so frustrating. It just made me so angry and frustrated just
looking and looking and looking," Prete said. "Maybe we are just destined to be
in an apartment for the rest of our lives."

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2007 Bangor Daily News


                             547 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                  Western Mail

                            January 25, 2001, Friday

HALF A HOUSE GUARANTEES A HOME FOR COUNTRY VILLAGERS.

BYLINE: Clive Betts

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 438 words


VILLAGERS were yesterday thrown a life-line to enable them to stay in their own
communities and overcome competition from second-home buyers and commuters.

The National Assembly announced a Wales-only initiative to make it cheaper for
local people to buy homes in rural areas: they would buy only half a house.

Edwina Hart, minister for finance, local government and communities, said, "This
is another little building block in preserving our rural communities,
particularly the smallest villages which are most threatened."

Mortgages will attract increased subsidies under the new scheme. This will be
funded by the Assembly giving housing associations more money from the social
housing grant.

The result is that would-be homeowners will be able to buy only half a house,
with the other half held by the housing association. In addition, the mortgage
would be interest-free.

The scheme is aimed at families who would normally rent social housing. The
scheme currently in operation - originated by the old Tai Cymru quango - demands
that the buyer take out a mortgage for 70pc of the property.

John Bader, appointed yesterday to the new post of director of housing for the
Assembly, said, "The new rules can mean a difference of pounds 80 a month in
repayments for a family."

Mr Bader said the scheme should prove a major help in the smallest communities,
where the problem seems to be worst. The first mortgages will be available from
the new financial year, and officials believe that well over 100 families will
quickly be given help.

Saving villages for the locals is proving a major problem for the Assembly:
officials admit that schemes introduced from Westminster in recent years,
enabling the building of cheap homes on village edges, have proved difficult to
implement because of problems in finding sites, plus local opposition.

Officials can see this scheme enabling a couple of families in each small
community to buy their homes. The subsidy will be high enough, it is hoped, to
overcome the twin problems of low incomes among local people, and high house
prices.

Mrs Hart said, "We are all aware of the problems facing some of our rural
communities, and it is vital that we take all possible steps to assist them.

"As people, and particularly younger people, are priced out of the market, there
is a danger that these communities will lose their futures and will lose what
these people have to offer them."

Mrs Hart's move is made only 24 hours before former Plaid Cymru leader Dafydd
Wigley opens a short debate during today's plenary on housing in rural Wales.

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2001 Western Mail and Echo Ltd


                             548 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                    Lyon County Reporter (Rock Rapids, Iowa)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               December 18, 2013

USDA Rural Development invests $498 million in rural Iowa in 2013

BYLINE: Lyon County Reporter staff

LENGTH: 966  words


Funding helps create or retain 1,000 jobs, assist 2,600 families purchase homes
and support 60 communities with improvements to facilities, services and
infrastructure

DES MOINES, Iowa-During the past year a relatively small mission area within the
U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) has assisted thousands of rural lowans by
helping bring nearly half a billion dollars to rural Iowa to support community
and economic development projects throughout the state.

USDA Rural Development invested $498 million into rural Iowa in 2013 to develop
home ownership opportunities, as well as wide variety of job-creation and
community-improvement projects and activities.

For instance, USDA Rural Development funds were used to build a road in Warren
County to support an expanding small business, helped the City of Corwith plan
for a new fire station, developed an indoor farmers' market facility in Ot-tumwa
and will assist with the upcoming remodeling and expansion at Floyd Valley
Hospital in Le Mars.

"Our focus is on the viability of rural communities which are so vital to our
state and nation," said Bill Menner, USDA Rural Development State Director in
Iowa. "These are the places that help support American agriculture and foster an
ethic that impacts our workforce, our military and our economy. We are working
with communities to create jobs, expand opportunity, encourage innovation and
build a strong foundation for the future."

In 2013, USDA Rural Development funding, through 40 direct loan, guaranteed loan
and grant programs, helped 2,600 rural Iowa families purchase homes, created or
retained more than 1,000 jobs, and assisted 60 communities with improvements to
facilities, services and infrastructure.

This fall a groundbreaking ceremony was held at the future home of C& L
Companies' new warehouse and distribution and testing facility in rural Warren
County. USDA Rural Development provided a $1 million rural economic development
loan to assist with the expansion project.

Additionally, a $280,000 rural economic development grant helped make upgrades
to the roadway near the warehouse and distribution facility. C&L Companies is a
manufacturer of after-market motorcycle component parts. The project is
estimated to create 14 new jobs.

Access Energy Cooperative used nearly $800,000 in USDA rural economic
development grants and loans (REDLG) in 2013 to create a revolving loan fund
that the Henry County Health Center used to purchase health information
technology (HIT) equipment for the surgical and outpatient departments.

Many recipients of USDA Rural Development's 2013 rural business enterprise
grants (RBEG) are supporting local foods efforts. Cass County used an $11,554
technical assistance grant to help develop sustainable and economically
successful local foods systems that support farm-based businesses and
entrepreneurs in the county.

Ottumwa Progress Inc. received a $62,676 grant to assist with construction
costs, as well as the purchase of equipment for an educational and commercial
kitchen area in an indoor farmers' market facility helping small and emerging
businesses. Winneshiek County Agricultural Extension District received a $48,000
grant to help purchase a refrigerated delivery truck and provide technical
assistance to northeast Iowa food producers and processors through a food hub
delivery and marketing service.

In addition to generating jobs, USDA Rural Development investments are also
creating ongoing economic opportunities in rural America that will pay benefits
for years to come.

The City of Bloomfield received $2 million in loan and grant funds to help
establish an emergency connection to Rathbun Regional Water Association's newly
completed water treatment plant in case the city would need to access additional
water in the future. The plant was supported by $20 million in USDA Rural
Development loan funds and can treat six million gallons of water per day.

"We are very happy to be a partner with all the communities we serve as they
work hard to make investments thatwill impact many future generations," Menner
added. "We also enjoy working with communities on much smaller projects that
provide an outstanding opportunity for residents to work together and experience
success. Many times, this success leads to bigger community-improvement
initiatives."

This year USDA Rural Development awarded grants of $50,000 or less to 29
communities including the City of Blockton to help purchase a fire truck, the
City of Floris to assist with upgrades at their fire station and to Wayne County
Hospital to purchase a 3-D ultrasound machine and viewing station.

Since 2009, USDA Rural Development has invested nearly $3 billion in rural Iowa
on essential public facilities, small and emerging businesses, water and sewer
systems and housing opportunities for Iowa families.

Further information on programs available through USDA Rural Development is
available by calling (515) 284-4663 or by visiting the agency's web site at
www.rurdev.usda.gov/ia.

USDA Rural Development has 11 offices across the state to serve the 1.7 million
lowans living in rural communities and areas. Office locations include a State
Office in Des Moines, along with Area Offices in Albia, Atlantic, Humboldt,
Indi-anola, Iowa Falls, Le Mars, Mount Pleasant, Storm Lake, Tipton and Waverly.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities. USDA's
investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that stands as
the backbone of our American values.

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LYC

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2013 Lyon County Reporter


                             549 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                           November 09, 1999, Tuesday

Federal program to target area complex

BYLINE: AMYLIA WIMMER

SECTION: CITRUS TIMES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 386 words



The Atlantis Arms-Greenleaf Forest apartments will get an anti-drug program in
the wake of a government review of the complex.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture plans to initiate an anti-drug program at a
troubled low-income apartment complex in Crystal River and may send a team from
its national office to check on the management of the apartments.

U.S. Rep. Karen Thurman, D-Dunnellon, met last week with Jill Long Thompson, the
undersecretary for rural development at the U.S. Department of Agriculture. At
Thurman's request, the Office of Rural Development, an arm of the USDA, recently
completed a review of the Atlantis Arms-Greenleaf Forest apartments.

Although Rural Development's state office found that Jotar Management, the
Gainesville-based management company that runs the complex, does a poor job
maintaining good management at the complex, the office did not support other
allegations made against the company.

Steven and Jessica Taylor, former on-site managers at the apartments, have
accused the company of incorrectly reporting how many tenants it has to the
federal government. They also say that Jotar treats residents at Atlantis
Arms-Greenleaf Forest apartments unfairly by evicting them illegally and using
unfair reasons when refusing to admit tenants.

Residents of the apartments have made similar allegations.

Thurman pushed for the USDA to loan Jotar $ 1.4-million to fix up the apartments
and improve quality of life for the residents there. According to a news
release, Long Thompson told Thurman she will continue to keep an eye on the
complex.

"I'll send down a team from our national office to make sure that things are
being carried out properly because of the concerns raised by Rep. Karen
Thurman," Long Thompson said in a news release. "We'll also explore ways to
initiate an anti-drug program in the complex to reduce crime and other
problems."

Thurman said she was encouraged by the meeting with Long Thompson.

"Undersecretary Long Thompson assured me the inspection team will keep a close
eye on the bookkeeping procedures followed by the management company at the
facility," Thurman said in prepared remarks. "It is my hope that the inspection
and financial review will help to answer questions about the overall financial
management of the facility."


LOAD-DATE: November 9, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: CITRUS TIMES; HERNANDO TIMES

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO; U.S. Rep. Karen Thurman

                    Copyright 1999 Times Publishing Company


                             550 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Western Morning News (Plymouth, UK)

                            November 4, 2008 Tuesday

Laying the foundations of affordable housing for all;
The overall aim of housing policy can be simply stated as an aspiration "to
provide a decent home for everyone at a price that they can afford", but it is
much harder to achieve in practice.

SECTION: Pg. 22

LENGTH: 951 words


In many ways it is even harder in rural areas due to a combination of high house
prices and low incomes, but even more important if villages are going to
continue as sustainable communities.

Affordable housing does not just mean social rented housing with low rents, but
a wide range of other tenures as well; shared ownership, shared equity, low cost
home ownership, sub-market rent and others. In practice it means close
coordination between the providers of finance, the Housing Corporation, housing
and planning sections of a local authority and providers and managers - mainly
housing associations and local authorities, but not exclusively.

An active local authority, like North Cornwall, uses every avenue to seek to
maximise the number of affordable dwellings that are provided.

In 2006/07 nearly 150 new affordable homes were built in North Cornwall. A
little more than 50 per cent were put up for rent by housing associations with
finance provided either by the Housing Corporation or through second homes
council tax, an extremely important source of funding. The remaining proportions
were dwellings for owner-occupation by three routes.

Firstly outright sale, with the prices fixed by the local authority. The re-sale
price is restricted by covenants to ensure that they remain affordable in
perpetuity, and the providers are private sector developers.

Secondly, shared ownership provided by housing associations, where the initial
occupiers buy a minimum 25 per cent share of the equity (but usually more) and
pay rent on the remaining proportion.

Thirdly - and uniquely - via a Community Land Trust (CLT) where a local
community provides owner occupied housing for local people where again the sale
price is restricted and remains affordable in perpetuity by covenants. CLTs
either need a grant or access to loan finance in the initial stage, in our case
provided by an interest free loan from the local authority to help the community
in St Minver. Another source of affordable housing is where local youngsters get
planning permission to build a dwelling for their own occupation on exception
sites on the edges of villages, usually on land that they or their relatives
own.

This form of provision indicates the importance of close cooperation between the
housing and planning departments of the local authority.

North Cornwall places development boundaries around all of its major villages
and many of its minor ones, giving opportunities for development of affordable
housing on exception sites adjacent to, but outside, the development boundary.
The landowner can expect to receive a price significantly above agricultural
value, but much less than open market value.

Another important source of sites is local authorities where the land is usually
transferred at minimal value, commonly £1, and is effectively donated free to
the affordable housing provider. The local authority has to show in its accounts
the real value of the land transferred and thus the assistance that they have
given.

District councils have become increasingly sophisticated and innovative in the
ways that they assist the provision of more affordable housing and it is very
important that this expertise is transferred to the forthcoming Unitary Council
in Cornwall.

There is an overall shortage of dwellings in the UK, including Cornwall, and we
must not forget that one of the most important ways to access affordable housing
is by the first time buyer. A combination of irresponsible lending by financiers
and a shortage of supply has driven prices to unsustainable levels.

When prices stabilise and the lenders have confidence to lend and the buyers to
buy, first time buyers will again become important. However unless we can
increase the supply, the same scenario is likely to repeat itself.

At a recent meeting of the South West Regional Assembly authorities of all
political colours firmly stuck their heads in the sand and refused to recognise
the importance of increasing supply. This makes it almost inevitable that higher
levels of future residential development will be imposed by the Government.

Although buy-to-let may have provided some additional private rented
accommodation it was, in my view, a largely negative development. Irresponsible
lending seems to have been particularly concentrated in this area, to purchasers
who were often naive, and believed that house prices would rise forever. It had
a particularly negative impact on first time buyers.

As we face responding to the greatest financial cataclysm since 1929, there are
bound to be negative short term impacts on affordable housing. Shared ownership
and low cost housing is proving very difficult to sell, so provision of more
rented housing becomes more important.

The Government has greatly increased the resources available to the Housing
Corporation for new schemes, and close cooperation between local authorities and
housing associations, often very good already, is key, particularly in obtaining
planning approvals for development.

Finally, we must not forget that affordable housing issues are exacerbated by
low average wages. The South West is unique in being the only English region
with above average house prices and below average wages.

The provision of good housing for all is an immensely important social objective
giving foundations to successful families and sustainable communities, and it is
an objective that many of us in public life seek to achieve.

Graham Facks-Martin has specialised in housing issues for more than 40 years. A
retired farmer, he is a member of a number of housing associations and currently
is the chair of Tor Homes, chair of the Cornwall Community Land Trust and chair
of North Cornwall District Council.

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 83


                 Copyright 2008 Western Morning News (Plymouth)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             551 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Western Morning News (Plymouth, UK)

                            November 4, 2008 Tuesday

Laying the foundations of affordable housing for all;
The overall aim of housing policy can be simply stated as an aspiration "to
provide a decent home for everyone at a price that they can afford", but it is
much harder to achieve in practice.

SECTION: Pg. 22

LENGTH: 951 words


In many ways it is even harder in rural areas due to a combination of high house
prices and low incomes, but even more important if villages are going to
continue as sustainable communities.

Affordable housing does not just mean social rented housing with low rents, but
a wide range of other tenures as well; shared ownership, shared equity, low cost
home ownership, sub-market rent and others. In practice it means close
coordination between the providers of finance, the Housing Corporation, housing
and planning sections of a local authority and providers and managers - mainly
housing associations and local authorities, but not exclusively.

An active local authority, like North Cornwall, uses every avenue to seek to
maximise the number of affordable dwellings that are provided.

In 2006/07 nearly 150 new affordable homes were built in North Cornwall. A
little more than 50 per cent were put up for rent by housing associations with
finance provided either by the Housing Corporation or through second homes
council tax, an extremely important source of funding. The remaining proportions
were dwellings for owner-occupation by three routes.

Firstly outright sale, with the prices fixed by the local authority. The re-sale
price is restricted by covenants to ensure that they remain affordable in
perpetuity, and the providers are private sector developers.

Secondly, shared ownership provided by housing associations, where the initial
occupiers buy a minimum 25 per cent share of the equity (but usually more) and
pay rent on the remaining proportion.

Thirdly - and uniquely - via a Community Land Trust (CLT) where a local
community provides owner occupied housing for local people where again the sale
price is restricted and remains affordable in perpetuity by covenants. CLTs
either need a grant or access to loan finance in the initial stage, in our case
provided by an interest free loan from the local authority to help the community
in St Minver. Another source of affordable housing is where local youngsters get
planning permission to build a dwelling for their own occupation on exception
sites on the edges of villages, usually on land that they or their relatives
own.

This form of provision indicates the importance of close cooperation between the
housing and planning departments of the local authority.

North Cornwall places development boundaries around all of its major villages
and many of its minor ones, giving opportunities for development of affordable
housing on exception sites adjacent to, but outside, the development boundary.
The landowner can expect to receive a price significantly above agricultural
value, but much less than open market value.

Another important source of sites is local authorities where the land is usually
transferred at minimal value, commonly £1, and is effectively donated free to
the affordable housing provider. The local authority has to show in its accounts
the real value of the land transferred and thus the assistance that they have
given.

District councils have become increasingly sophisticated and innovative in the
ways that they assist the provision of more affordable housing and it is very
important that this expertise is transferred to the forthcoming Unitary Council
in Cornwall.

There is an overall shortage of dwellings in the UK, including Cornwall, and we
must not forget that one of the most important ways to access affordable housing
is by the first time buyer. A combination of irresponsible lending by financiers
and a shortage of supply has driven prices to unsustainable levels.

When prices stabilise and the lenders have confidence to lend and the buyers to
buy, first time buyers will again become important. However unless we can
increase the supply, the same scenario is likely to repeat itself.

At a recent meeting of the South West Regional Assembly authorities of all
political colours firmly stuck their heads in the sand and refused to recognise
the importance of increasing supply. This makes it almost inevitable that higher
levels of future residential development will be imposed by the Government.

Although buy-to-let may have provided some additional private rented
accommodation it was, in my view, a largely negative development. Irresponsible
lending seems to have been particularly concentrated in this area, to purchasers
who were often naive, and believed that house prices would rise forever. It had
a particularly negative impact on first time buyers.

As we face responding to the greatest financial cataclysm since 1929, there are
bound to be negative short term impacts on affordable housing. Shared ownership
and low cost housing is proving very difficult to sell, so provision of more
rented housing becomes more important.

The Government has greatly increased the resources available to the Housing
Corporation for new schemes, and close cooperation between local authorities and
housing associations, often very good already, is key, particularly in obtaining
planning approvals for development.

Finally, we must not forget that affordable housing issues are exacerbated by
low average wages. The South West is unique in being the only English region
with above average house prices and below average wages.

The provision of good housing for all is an immensely important social objective
giving foundations to successful families and sustainable communities, and it is
an objective that many of us in public life seek to achieve.

Graham Facks-Martin has specialised in housing issues for more than 40 years. A
retired farmer, he is a member of a number of housing associations and currently
is the chair of Tor Homes, chair of the Cornwall Community Land Trust and chair
of North Cornwall District Council.

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 83


                 Copyright 2008 Western Morning News (Plymouth)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             552 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 2, 2014 Thursday

Agriculture, Rural Housing Service: SFH Technician IN-2015-001

LENGTH: 2987  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of Personnel Management has issued the following job announcement:

Job Title:SFH Technician

Department:Department Of Agriculture

Agency:Agriculture, Rural Housing Service

Job Announcement Number:IN-2015-001
SALARY RANGE:
 $35,417.00 to $46,037.00 / Per Year
OPEN PERIOD:
 Thursday, October 2, 2014 to Tuesday, October 14, 2014
SERIES & GRADE:
 GS-1101-06
POSITION INFORMATION:
 Full-Time - Permanent
PROMOTION POTENTIAL:
06
DUTY LOCATIONS:
 2 vacancies in the following location(s):
Columbia City, IN View Map
North Vernon, IN View Map
WHO MAY APPLY:


Current permanent Indiana Rural Development employees with competitive status,
reinstatement eligibles, persons with disabilities, VEOA/VRA eligibles, certain
military spouses, 30% or more disabled veterans, former Peace Corps or VISTA
volunteers, CTAP/ICTAP eligibles, Special Hiring Authorities.
SECURITY CLEARANCE:
 Q - Nonsensitive
SUPERVISORY STATUS:
 No
JOB SUMMARY:

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural Development Agency serves rural
communities throughout the country by investing in their communities through
housing and utility infrastructure, by increasing economic opportunity, and by
improving the quality of life for all rural Americans.  Rural Development
provides over 40 loan and grant programs in the Rural Housing and Community
Facilities Services, Rural Business and Cooperative Services, and Rural
Utilities Service. Rural Development supports a positive work environment and
promotes diversity and inclusion for nearly 5,000 employees.

Rural Development is a dynamic organization recruiting for employees who possess
the energy, compassion, and commitment to serve those in rural communities and
will enjoy working in a fast paced and results driven organization.  Our
commitment is to expand economic opportunity and quality of life in all of rural
America by providing financial programs to support essential public facilities
and services such as water and sewer systems, housing, health clinics, emergency
service facilities and electric and telephone service.  Rural Development offers
a friendly and professional working environment and such excellent benefits as:
a generous salary, alternative work schedules, paid vacation and sick leave,
paid holidays, retirement and supplemental savings plan, a wide array of health,
dental, vision, and life insurance plans, flexible spending accounts, and
long-term care insurance.

This position is being concurrently announced under Delegated Examining
Procedures on announcement number DEU-IN-2015-5258 which is open to any US
Citizen. Current and former Federal employees may apply to both announcements,
but should be sure to apply to this announcement to maximize opportunities for
consideration since different referral criteria apply to each announcement type.

This announcement will be used to fill one vacancy in each of the following
locations:  Columbia City, IN and North Vernon, IN.

The incumbent of this position is a member of AFGE #622.
TRAVEL REQUIRED

Not Required

RELOCATION AUTHORIZED

No

KEY REQUIREMENTS

US Citizenship is required.
    Selective Service Registration is required for males born after 12/31/1959.
    A 1-year probationary period is required.

DUTIES:
Back to top

The incumbent is responsible for providing a comprehensive range and variety of
technical and administrative loan assistance duties and responsibilities
associated with the Single Family Housing loan and grant functions.

As a technical resources, the incumbent functions in a technical and
administrative support capacity and, as such, is assigned duties that involve
technical and administrative functions associated with the SFH loan portfolio.
In the conduct of these functions, the incumbent may perform one or more of the
following agency regulatory functions, practices and activities as may be
required by the assigned portfolio:

Loan and Grant Processing
    Loan and Grant Servicing
    Outreach and Public Information
    General Office Administration

QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED:
Back to top

Applicants must meet all qualifications and eligibility requirements by the
closing date of the announcement including the following specialized experience
and/or education, as identified by grade level.

For GS-06: Applicants must have 1 year of specialized experience equivalent to
at least the GS-05; or its non-Federal equivalent that demonstrates: experience
providing assistance in processing loans; providing basic information on loan
programs; accepting, verifying, screening loan applications; preparing
correspondence and memos on routine loan matters; maintaining various program
reports of loan/grant activity; and ensuring current information is included in
the resource data base, etc. There is no substitution of education for
experience at the GS-06 level.

Specialized experience is any experience that equipped the applicant with the
particular competencies to perform successfully the duties of the position, and
that is typically in or related to the work of the position to be filled.


Time in Grade must be met by the closing of this announcement.

o To be eligible for appointment to this position, the new hire must be cleared
to come on board once the results of the fingerprint check, review of the
OF-306, Declaration for Federal Employment, and the candidate's Electronic
Questionnaires for Investigations Processing (eQIP) entries have been reviewed
and determined to be satisfactory. This position requires a favorable credit
check as part of the background investigation.
o Selectee must be able to obtain and maintain a security clearance. If selected
you may be subject to a National Agency Check and Inquiry (NACI) and a credit
report inquiry.
o May be subject to satisfactory completion of one year probationary or trial
period.

HOW YOU WILL BE EVALUATED:

You will be evaluated based on your qualifications for this position as
evidenced by the education, experience, and training you described in your
application package, as well as the responses to the Occupational Questionnaire
to determine the degree to which you possess the knowledge, skills, abilities
and competencies listed below:

Knowledge of loan and/or grant making and servicing policies and procedures.
        Skill in planning, scheduling, and organizing work.
        Knowledge of computer applications.
        Oral Communication.
        Written Communication.
        Office Skills.

We will review your application, including the online Occupational
Questionnaire, to ensure you meet the job requirements and assess your ability
to perform this job. Before any certificate can be issued to the selecting
official, the resume and supporting documents are reviewed by an HR Specialist
to ensure that (a) minimum qualification requirements are met and (b) the resume
supports the answers provided to the job-specific questions. Your answers will
be verified against information provided in your online resume and application.
Be sure that your resume clearly supports your responses to all the questions
addressing experience and education relevant to this position.
    Applicants who meet the basic minimum qualification requirements and are
determined to be among the best qualified candidates will be referred to the
hiring manager for consideration. Non-Competitive candidates need to meet
minimum qualification requirements to be referred.

Note: If, after reviewing your resume and / or supporting documentation, a
determination is made that you have inflated your qualifications and or
experience, your score can / will be lowered to more accurately reflect the
submitted documentation. Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or
omissions may affect your rating. Deliberate attempts to falsify information may
be grounds for not selecting you.

To view the application form, visit:
https://rhs.usda.ntis.gov/cp/?event=jobs.previewApplication&jobid=809ab5bf-3a7b-
4563-8aac-a3a400e5a013

BENEFITS:
Back to top

You can review our benefits at:
http://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/healthcare/enrollment/new-federal-employ
ee-enrollment/
The Federal Government offers a comprehensive benefits package.  Explore the
major benefits offered to most Federal employees at:
http://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/healthcare/enrollment/new-federal-employ
ee-enrollment/

OTHER INFORMATION:
o  If you are a male applicant born after December 31, 1959, certify that you
have registered with the Selective Service System or are exempt from having to
do so.
o  Career Transition Assistance Plan(CTAP) or Interagency Career Transition
Assistance Plan (ICTAP):   If you are claiming CTAP/ICTAP eligibility, provide
proof of eligibility to include your most recent performance appraisal, SF-50,
and proof of eligibility such as a RIF separation notice or letter from OPM/your
agency.  CTAP/ICTAP eligibles will be considered well-qualified if achieving a
rating of 88 or above.  Information about CTAP/ICTAP eligibility is on OPM's
Career Transition Resources website at http://www.opm.gov/ctap/index.asp.
o  BACKGROUND INVESTIGATION AND FINGERPRINT CHECK:  Selection and retention in
this position is contingent on a successfully adjudicated FBI National Criminal
History Check (fingerprint check) and a background investigation.
HOW TO APPLY:
Back to top

Please read the entire announcement and all the instructions before you begin.
The following instructions outline our application process.

You must complete this application process and submit all required documents
electronically by 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time (ET) on the closing date of this
announcement.
    We are available to assist you during business hours (normally 8:00 a.m. -
4:00 p.m., Monday - Friday). Applying online is highly encouraged. If applying
online poses a hardship, please contact our office during business hours well
before the closing date for an alternate method. All hardship application
packages with supporting documents must be submitted no later than noon on the
closing date of the announcement in order to be entered into the system prior to
its closing.
    This agency provides reasonable accommodation to applicants with
disabilities on a case-by-case basis; contact us if you are requesting this.

Step 1: Create a USAJOBS account (if you do not have one) at www.usajobs.gov. It
is recommended that as part of your profile you set up automatic email
notification to be informed when the status of your application changes. If you
choose not to set up this automatic notification, then you will have to log into
your USAJOBS account to check on the status of your application.


Step 2: Create a resume with USAJOBS or upload a resume into your USAJOBS
account. Customize your resume to ensure it documents duties and accomplishments
you have gained that are directly related to this position in order to verify
that qualifications are met. Your resume must support your responses to the
online questionnaire (you may preview the online questionnaire by clicking on
the link at the end of the How You Will Be Evaluated section of the job
announcement).

Step 3: Click "Apply Online" and follow the prompts to complete the Occupational
Questionnaire and attach any additional documents that may be required.
You can update your application or documents anytime while the announcement is
open. Log into your USAJOBS account and click on "Application Status." Click on
the position title, and then select "Update Application" to continue.
NOTE: Verify that uploaded documents from USAJOBs transfer into the Agency's
staffing system. Once in the Agency's staffing system you will have the
opportunity to upload additional documents. Uploaded documents must be less than
3MB and in one of the following document formats: GIF, JPG, JPEG, PNG, RTF, PDF,
or Word (DOC or DOCX).


REQUIRED DOCUMENTS:

A complete Application Package must be submitted and received prior to 11:59,
ET, on the closing date. The following documents are required for your
application package to be complete. Our office cannot be responsible for
incompatible software, illegible fax transmissions, delays in the mail service,
your system failure or downtime, etc. Failure to submit required, legible
documents may result in loss of consideration.

Resume that includes the following information: 1) personal information; 2)
education; 3) work experience including the work schedule and hours worked per
week as well as dates of employment; and title, series and grade if applicable;
4) supervisor's phone number and e-mail address for each work period listed and
whether or not we may contact them for reference checks; and, 5) other
qualifications.
    College Transcripts if education is required for meeting basic
qualifications and/or used as a substitute for specialized experience. An
unofficial copy is sufficient however, if selected; an official college
transcript will be required prior to entering on duty. Education must have been
successfully completed and obtained from an accredited school, college, or
university. Foreign education must be evaluated by an approved organization. For
additional information, refer to the U.S. Department of Education web site at
http://www.ed.gov. All transcripts must be in English or include an English
translation.

Other required documents as applicable:

Current/Former Career/Career-Conditional: Most recent non-award Notification of
Personnel Action (SF-50 or equivalent) showing that you are/were in the
competitive service, highest grade (or promotion potential) held on a permanent
basis, federal status, position title, series and grade AND most recently
completed performance appraisal (dated within 18 months) showing the official
rating of record, signed by the supervisor, or a statement as to why the
performance appraisal is unavailable. Do not submit a performance plan.
    Veteran Hiring Authorities: (VEOA, VRA, and 30% Disabled Veterans): DD-214
(Member 4 Copy). Disabled veterans must include your VA letter & SF-15 if
claiming 10 pt. preference. Current active duty members must submit a
certification that they are expected to be discharged or released from active
duty under honorable conditions not later than 120 days after the date the
certification is submitted.
    Schedule A, Persons with Disabilities: Schedule A letter from a physician,
local, state or federal rehabilitation office citing eligibility under 5 CFR
213.3102 (u).
    Certain Military Spouses under E.O. 13473: Verification of the marriage to
the service member (i.e., a marriage license or other legal documentation
verifying marriage), plus Permanent Change of Station: PCS orders issued within
the last 2 years, that: lists you as authorized to accompany the military member
to the new duty permanent station; the specific location; and the effective date
of the PCS OR Military disability of 100%: verification of the member's release
or discharge due to 100% disability (DD-214 and VA Letter) OR Death while
serving on active duty: 1) Verification of release or discharge due to death
(DD-214). 2) Verification of the member's death (DD-1300 and Death Certificate.
3) Statement certifying they are un-remarried widow or widower of the service
member.
    Foreign Service: Most recent Foreign Service Notification of Personnel
Action, showing that you were/are serving under an unlimited, career-type
appointment AND have completed at least 1 year of continuous service without a
break of a workday under one or more nontemporary Foreign Service appointments.

    CTAP/ICTAP: Certification of Expected Separation, Reduction-In-Force
Separation Notice, Notice of Proposed Removal, or appropriate OPM/Agency
certification; AND most recent performance evaluation; AND SF-50 demonstrating
your separation or the position from which you will be separated.
    Peace Corps/VISTA Volunteers: Documentation of no less than 24 months (Peace
Corps) or 1 year (VISTA) of continuous service and separated within 1 year of
completing the qualifying service.
    Peace Corps Staff: Documentation of no less than 36 months of continuous
service without a break in service of 3 days or more and separated within the 3
years of completing the qualifying service.
    Certain Family Members under E.O. 12721: Most recent non-award SF-50 and
performance appraisal.
    Interchange Agreement with Other Merit Systems: Documentation of eligibility
as listed in interchange agreement.
    Miscellaneous Authorities Not Regulated by the Office of Personnel
Management: (Postal Career Service Employees, Postal Service Commission
Employees, GAO, US Courts, etc.), Current Notification of Personnel Action (or
equivalent) that reflects your eligibility.
    Other Special Hiring Authorities: If you are claiming eligibility under a
Special Hiring Authority, you must submit supporting documents.

AGENCY CONTACT INFO:
Cheri Allen
Phone: 317-295-5763
Fax: 855-541-9018
Email: cheri.allen@in.usda.gov
Agency Information:
USDA, Rural Development
5975 Lakeside Boulevard
Indianapolis, Indiana,
46278
United States
Fax: 855-541-9018
WHAT TO EXPECT NEXT:
If you set up your USAJOBS account to send automatic email notifications, you
will receive an email acknowledging: 1) the submission of your online
Occupational Questionnaire and resume was successful,  2) if you were referred
to the selecting official for consideration, and  3) if you were selected or not
selected. If you choose not to set up automatic email notifications, you must
check your USAJOBS account for the latest status of your application. Your
application may be reviewed to verify that you meet the qualifications and
eligibility requirements for the position prior to issuing lists to a selecting
official. If further evaluation or interviews are required, you will be
contacted. Normally, a final job offer to the selected candidate is made within
30-60 days after the issuance of the certificate.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             553 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 7, 2014 Thursday

Rural Utility Service: Loan and Grant Technician DC-2014-0043

LENGTH: 3384  words

DATELINE: Washington


The United States Office of Personnel Management has issued the following job
announcement:

Job Title:Loan and Grant Technician

Department:Department Of Agriculture

Agency:Rural Utility Service

Job Announcement Number:DC-2014-0043
SALARY RANGE:
 $42,631.00 to $61,377.00 / Per Year
OPEN PERIOD:
 Wednesday, August 6, 2014 to Friday, August 15, 2014
SERIES & GRADE:
 GS-1101-07/08
POSITION INFORMATION:
 Full-Time - Permanent
PROMOTION POTENTIAL:
08
DUTY LOCATIONS:
 2 vacancies - Washington DC, DC View Map
WHO MAY APPLY:


Current permanent Federal employees with competitive status, reinstatement
eligibles, persons with disabilities, VEOA/VRA eligibles, certain military
spouses, 30% or more disabled veterans, former Peace Corps or VISTA volunteers,
CTAP/ICTAP eligibles, Farm Service Agency permanent county employees and those
eligible for other Special Hiring Authorities.
SECURITY CLEARANCE:
 Q - Nonsensitive
SUPERVISORY STATUS:
 No
JOB SUMMARY:

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural Development Agency serves rural
communities throughout the country by investing in their communities through
housing and utility infrastructure, by increasing economic opportunity, and by
improving the quality of life for all rural Americans.  Rural Development
provides over 40 loan and grant programs in the Rural Housing and Community
Facilities Services, Rural Business and Cooperative Services, and Rural
Utilities Service. Rural Development supports a positive work environment and
promotes diversity and inclusion for nearly 5,000 employees.

Rural Development is a dynamic organization recruiting for employees who possess
the energy, compassion, and commitment to serve those in rural communities and
will enjoy working in a fast paced and results driven organization.  Our
commitment is to expand economic opportunity and quality of life in all of rural
America by providing financial programs to support essential public facilities
and services such as water and sewer systems, housing, health clinics, emergency
service facilities and electric and telephone service.  Rural Development offers
a friendly and professional working environment and such excellent benefits as:
a generous salary, alternative work schedules, paid vacation and sick leave,
paid holidays, retirement and supplemental savings plan, a wide array of health,
dental, vision, and life insurance plans, flexible spending accounts, and
long-term care insurance.

This position is located in the Northern Engineering Branch, Assistant
Administrator-Telecommunications, Rural Utilities Service (RUS).  You will be
responsible for providing technical support to the processing of loans and
grants administered by the Rural Utilities Service.

This announcement may be used to fill additional or subsequent vacancies that
are identified by the organization.

TRAVEL REQUIRED

Not Required

RELOCATION AUTHORIZED

No

KEY REQUIREMENTS

US Citizenship is required.
    Selective Service Registration is required for males born after 12/31/1959.

DUTIES:
Back to top

Participates in coordinating workflow to prevent backlogs in the review and
approval of requests for loan fund advances, approval of contracts, amendments,
and force account proposals.
    Reviews and performs analysis of loan recommendations for special conditions
and provisions, as basis for control of loan funds.
    Reviews, analyzes, and processes claims for advances related to Grant and
Loan Programs.
    Ensures correct allocation of Federal and Grantees' matching shares of
expenditures.
    Identifies problems and prepares recommendations for corrective action, and,
when necessary, contacts borrower or grantee to take corrective action.
    Prepares and processes required documentation authorizing Loan and Grant
fund advances for Branch Chief's signature.
    Reviews, analyzes, and processes financial requirement statements,
closeouts, contracts, amendments, work orders, and statements of force account
construction.
    Reviews audit reports and reports of borrowers' expenditures to reconcile
budgeted amounts, advances, and expenditures with various contract documents,
identifies discrepancies, and recommends corrective action.
    Prepares correspondence to borrowers explaining complex budget adjustments.

QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED:
Back to top

Applicants must meet all requirements by the closing date of the announcement,
including time-in-grade and demonstrated specialized experience.

Time-in-Grade:  Applicants must meet one year at the next lower grade to be
considered for the next higher grade.  (e.g. one year at the GS-06 grade level
for consideration for the GS-07 grade level and one year at the GS-07 grade
level for consideration for the GS-08 grade level).

SPECIALIZED EXPERIENCE GS-07 level: Applicants must possess one year of
specialized experience at the GS-6 grade level or its non-federal equivalent and
must be directly related to the work of the position to be filled.  Examples of
specialized experience may include:  providing information on loan and/or
grants; accepting and verifying loan and/or grant matters; maintain various
program reports of loan and/or grant activities; loan and/or grant processing
experience such as receiving, screening, reviewing, and verifying documents;
maintaining records; providing readily available information orally or by
written correspondence; furnishing information and responding to general
questions from internal and external customers; experience in the use of various
computer programs to include lending, document, and spreadsheet type programs;
utilization of a variety of communication devices to include email (preferably
outlook), fax, and telephone; creating, reviewing, editing and distributing all
forms of correspondence; establishing, reviewing and closing loan documents and
files.

There is no education substitution for this grade level.

SPECIALIZED EXPERIENCE GS-08 level: Applicants must possess one year of
specialized experience at the GS-7 grade level or its non-federal equivalent and
must be directly related to the work of the position to be filled.  Examples of
specialized experience may include:  providing technical support on loan and/or
grant programs; accepting and verifying loan and/or grant matters; maintain
various program reports of loan and/or grant program activities; reviewing and
performing analysis of loan recommendations for special conditions and
provisions; loan and/or grant processing experience such as receiving,
screening, reviewing, and verifying documents; maintaining records; compiling
information; providing readily available information orally or by written
correspondence; and applying guidelines; furnishing information and responding
to non-routine or technical questions from internal and external customers;
experience in the use of various computer programs to include lending, document,
and spreadsheet type programs; experience creating, reviewing, editing and
distributing all forms of correspondence; establishing, reviewing, and closing
loan and/or grant documents and files.

NOTE: To be considered for this position, you must meet all qualification and
eligibility requirements for the GS-1101 series set forth in the Office of
Personnel Management Qualifications Standards by the closing date of the
announcement. A copy is available at:
http://www.opm.gov/qualifications/index.asp.


o  Have your salary sent to a financial institution of your choice by Direct
Deposit/Electronic Funds Transfer.
o  If you are newly hired, the documentation you present for purposes of
completing the Department Homeland Security (DHS) Form I-9 on your entry-on-duty
date will be verified through the DHS "E-VERIFY" system. Federal law requires
the use of E-VERIFY to confirm the employment eligibility of all new hires.
Under this system, the new hire is required to resolve any identified
discrepancies as a condition of continued employment.

o  Selectee must be able to obtain and maintain a security clearance. If
selected you may be subject to a National Agency Check and Inquiry (NACI) and a
credit report inquiry.
HOW YOU WILL BE EVALUATED:

You will be evaluated based on your qualifications for this position as
evidenced by the education, experience, and training you described in your
application package, as well as the responses to the Occupational Questionnaire
to determine the degree to which you possess the knowledge, skills, abilities
and competencies listed below:

Loan and Grant funds processing
        Contract Processing
        Budget and Financials
        Oral Communication
        Written Communication

We will review your application, including the online Occupational
Questionnaire, to ensure you meet the job requirements and assess your ability
to perform this job. Before any certificate can be issued to the selecting
official, the resume and supporting documents are reviewed by an HR Specialist
to ensure that (a) minimum qualification requirements are met and (b) the resume
supports the answers provided to the job-specific questions. Your answers will
be verified against information provided in your online resume and application.
Be sure that your resume clearly supports your responses to all the questions
addressing experience and education relevant to this position.
    Applicants who meet the basic minimum qualification requirements and are
determined to be among the best qualified candidates will be referred to the
hiring manager for consideration. Non-Competitive candidates need to meet
minimum qualification requirements to be referred.

Note: If, after reviewing your resume and / or supporting documentation, a
determination is made that you have inflated your qualifications and or
experience, your score can / will be lowered to more accurately reflect the
submitted documentation. Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or
omissions may affect your rating. Deliberate attempts to falsify information may
be grounds for not selecting you.

To view the application form, visit:
https://rus.usda.ntis.gov/cp/?event=jobs.previewApplication&jobid=7c19fd53-def6-
47b7-9709-a31c00df8e74

BENEFITS:
Back to top

You can review our benefits at:
http://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/healthcare/enrollment/new-federal-employ
ee-enrollment/


OTHER INFORMATION:
o  BACKGROUND INVESTIGATION AND FINGERPRINT CHECK:  Selection and retention in
this position is contingent on a successfully adjudicated FBI National Criminal
History Check (fingerprint check) and a background investigation.

o  Career Transition Assistance Plan(CTAP) or Interagency Career Transition
Assistance Plan (ICTAP):   If you are claiming CTAP/ICTAP eligibility, provide
proof of eligibility to include your most recent performance appraisal, SF-50,
and proof of eligibility such as a RIF separation notice or letter from OPM/your
agency.  CTAP/ICTAP eligibles will be considered well-qualified if achieving a
rating of 85 or above.  Information about CTAP/ICTAP eligibility is on OPM's
Career Transition Resources website at http://www.opm.gov/ctap/index.asp.

o  If you are selected for a position with further promotion potential, you will
be placed under a career development plan, and may be non-competitively promoted
if you successfully complete the requirements and if recommended by management.
However, promotion is neither implied nor guaranteed.

o  This position is eligible for telework and other flexible work arrangements.
Employee participation is at the discretion of the supervisor.

o  Persons with disabilities who require alternative means for communication of
program information (Braille, large print, audiotape, etc) should contact:
USDA's TARGET Center at 202-720-2600 (voice and TDD).
HOW TO APPLY:
Back to top

Please read the entire announcement and all the instructions before you begin.
The following instructions outline our application process.

You must complete this application process and submit all required documents
electronically by 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time (ET) on the closing date of this
announcement.
    We are available to assist you during business hours normally (8:00 a.m. -
4:00 p.m., Monday - Friday). Applying online is highly encouraged. If applying
online poses a hardship, please contact our office during business hours well
before the closing date for an alternate method. All hardship application
packages with supporting documents must be submitted no later than noon on the
closing date of the announcement in order to be entered into the system prior to
its closing.
    This agency provides reasonable accommodation to applicants with
disabilities on a case-by-case basis; contact us if you are requesting this.

Step 1: Create a USAJOBS account (if you do not have one) at www.usajobs.gov. It
is recommended that as part of your profile you set up automatic email
notification to be informed when the status of your application changes. If you
choose not to set up this automatic notification, then you will have to log into
your USAJOBS account to check on the status of your application.


Step 2: Create a resume with USAJOBS or upload a resume into your USAJOBS
account. Customize your resume to ensure it documents duties and accomplishments
you have gained that are directly related to this position in order to verify
that qualifications are met. Your resume must support your responses to the
online questionnaire (you may preview the online questionnaire by clicking on
the link at the end of the How You Will Be Evaluated section of the job
announcement).

Step 3: Click "Apply Online" and follow the prompts to complete the Occupational
Questionnaire and attach any additional documents that may be required.
You can update your application or documents anytime while the announcement is
open. Log into your USAJOBS account and click on "Application Status." Click on
the position title, and then select "Update Application" to continue.
NOTE: Verify that uploaded documents from USAJOBs transfer into the Agency's
staffing system. Once in the Agency's staffing system you will have the
opportunity to upload additional documents. Uploaded documents must be less than
3MB and in one of the following document formats: GIF, JPG, JPEG, PNG, RTF, PDF,
or Word (DOC or DOCX).


REQUIRED DOCUMENTS:

A complete Application Package must be submitted and received prior to 11:59,
ET, on the closing date. The following documents are required for your
application package to be complete. Our office cannot be responsible for
incompatible software, illegible fax transmissions, delays in the mail service,
your system failure or downtime, etc. Failure to submit required, legible
documents may result in loss of consideration.

Resume that includes the following information: 1) personal information; 2)
education; 3) work experience including the work schedule and hours worked per
week as well as dates of employment; and title, series and grade if applicable;
4) supervisor's phone number and e-mail address for each work period listed and
whether or not we may contact them for reference checks; and, 5) other
qualifications.
    College Transcripts if education is required for meeting basic
qualifications and/or used as a substitute for specialized experience. An
unofficial copy is sufficient however, if selected; an official college
transcript will be required prior to entering on duty. Education must have been
successfully completed and obtained from an accredited school, college, or
university. Foreign education must be evaluated by an approved organization. For
additional information, refer to the U.S. Department of Education web site at
http://www.ed.gov. All transcripts must be in English or include an English
translation.

Other required documents as applicable:

Current/Former Career/Career-Conditional: Most recent non-award Notification of
Personnel Action (SF-50 or equivalent) showing that you are/were in the
competitive service, highest grade (or promotion potential) held on a permanent
basis, federal status, position title, series and grade AND most recently
completed performance appraisal (dated within 18 months) showing the official
rating of record, signed by the supervisor, or a statement as to why the
performance appraisal is unavailable. Do not submit a performance plan.
    Veteran Hiring Authorities: (VEOA, VRA, and 30% Disabled Veterans): DD-214
(Member 4 Copy). Disabled veterans must include your VA letter & SF-15 if
claiming 10 pt. preference. Current active duty members must submit a
certification that they are expected to be discharged or released from active
duty under honorable conditions not later than 120 days after the date the
certification is submitted.
    Schedule A, Persons with Disabilities: Schedule A letter from a physician,
local, state or federal rehabilitation office citing eligibility under 5 CFR
213.3102 (u).
    Certain Military Spouses under E.O. 13473: Verification of the marriage to
the service member (i.e., a marriage license or other legal documentation
verifying marriage), plus Permanent Change of Station: PCS orders issued within
the last 2 years, that: lists you as authorized to accompany the military member
to the new duty permanent station; the specific location; and the effective date
of the PCS OR Military disability of 100%: verification of the member's release
or discharge due to 100% disability (DD-214 and VA Letter) OR Death while
serving on active duty: 1) Verification of release or discharge due to death
(DD-214). 2) Verification of the member's death (DD-1300 and Death Certificate.
3) Statement certifying they are un-remarried widow or widower of the service
member.
    Foreign Service: Most recent Foreign Service Notification of Personnel
Action, showing that you were/are serving under an unlimited, career-type
appointment AND have completed at least 1 year of continuous service without a
break of a workday under one or more nontemporary Foreign Service appointments.

    CTAP/ICTAP: Certification of Expected Separation, Reduction-In-Force
Separation Notice, Notice of Proposed Removal, or appropriate OPM/Agency
certification; AND most recent performance evaluation; AND SF-50 demonstrating
your separation or the position from which you will be separated.
    Peace Corps/VISTA Volunteers: Documentation of no less than 24 months (Peace
Corps) or 1 year (VISTA) of continuous service and separated within 1 year of
completing the qualifying service.
    Peace Corps Staff: Documentation of no less than 36 months of continuous
service without a break in service of 3 days or more and separated within the 3
years of completing the qualifying service.
    Certain Family Members under E.O. 12721: Most recent non-award SF-50 and
performance appraisal.
    Interchange Agreement with Other Merit Systems: Documentation of eligibility
as listed in interchange agreement.
    Miscellaneous Authorities Not Regulated by the Office of Personnel
Management: (Postal Career Service Employees, Postal Service Commission
Employees, GAO, US Courts, etc.), Current Notification of Personnel Action (or
equivalent) that reflects your eligibility.
    Other Special Hiring Authorities: If you are claiming eligibility under a
Special Hiring Authority, you must submit supporting documents.

AGENCY CONTACT INFO:
Chris Tart
Phone: 202-692-0192
Fax: 202-692-0182
Email: prentice.tart@wdc.usda.gov
Agency Information:
HR/OHR/HQPSB
1400 Independence Ave, SW
Washington, DC,
20250
USA
Fax: 202-692-0182
WHAT TO EXPECT NEXT:
If you set up your USAJOBS account to send automatic email notifications, you
will receive an email acknowledging: 1) the submission of your online
Occupational Questionnaire and resume was successful,  2) if you were referred
to the selecting official for consideration, and  3) if you were selected or not
selected. If you choose not to set up automatic email notifications, you must
check your USAJOBS account for the latest status of your application. Your
application may be reviewed to verify that you meet the qualifications and
eligibility requirements for the position prior to issuing lists to a selecting
official. If further evaluation or interviews are required, you will be
contacted. Normally, a final job offer to the selected candidate is made within
30-60 days after the issuance of the certificate.

For more information please visit: https://www.usajobs.gov

LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             554 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                            August 22, 1994, Monday

THE GREAT FLOOD OF '94 Newton feels recovery is 'in slow motion' Code problems
complicate aid

BYLINE: By Ellen Whitford STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; Section A; Page 6

LENGTH: 758 words


Newton - The stench is gone, but the muck remains, and everywhere in this Flint
River town are muddy houses with blank windows and the forlorn look of
abandonment.

Newton, a town of 900 and the metropolis of rural Baker County in southwest
Georgia, has never had much glamour. But since July's flood engulfed its tiny
business district and swamped hundreds of its homes, sorrow has hung heavy in
the air.

"It's a gloomy feeling, " said Mamie Lenier, who runs one of Newton's two
grocery stores. "People want to be optimistic, but it's awful hard."

People are confused and frustrated by requirements for federal and state aid,
and the city's lax code enforcement has further complicated applications.

Newton's water supply was contaminated, and people still can't drink the tap
water.

And because neither the County Commission nor the City Council was willing to
make a plot of land available, the Federal Emergency Management Agency couldn't
loan mobile homes to flood victims who needed housing. Instead, FEMA gave them
travel trailers - about half the size of mobile homes, small enough to be placed
next to damaged houses.

"I'm telling you, we're in a mess," said Councilman Jack Henderson. "Tempers are
running high. People are pretty disgusted."

About 165 families were displaced by the flood; 40 homes were destroyed. Like
the majority of Newton's residents, most victims are poor or elderly. None has
been able to return home.

Everywhere that people gather here, their worried talk turns to federal aid,
conflicting information, eligibility requirements.

Rumors are rampant, misinformation abundant.

The tangle of rules, many residents say, doesn't live up to the early promises
of help or take into account individual needs.

"I don't want a 30-year loan," said Ann Bush, whose 65-year-old house flooded to
the attic.

"I'm 55. My husband's 70. How can we handle a 30-year loan?"

The confusion and barriers to assistance have been compounded further by the
town's distaste for outside interference and a history of doing things its own
way.

Newton has never enforced state building codes. But without those codes, the
town cannot participate in the federal program that allows residents to buy
flood insurance. Homeowners, in turn, cannot get low- interest disaster loans to
make repairs unless they buy federal flood insurance, according to FEMA
regulations.

Another complication: Federal regulations require that houses be built at least
a foot above the 100-year flood plain. But the city has no map showing elevation
points and the plain.

That map is being drawn by the Army Corps of Engineers, and two weeks ago, an
inspector was hired to issue permits and advise residents about building codes -
which the city has agreed to enforce.

Still, even state officials concede that an already arduous process has been
slowed down.

"It's been a little like a circus," said Deral Duke, a coordinator with the
Georgia Emergency Management Agency who is working in Newton. "Folks are
frustrated. I get cussed out several times a day."

"Everyone feels like we're moving in slow motion," said Bush, who is the county
tax commissioner. "There are a lot of 'ifs' and a lot of questions that nobody
knows the answers to."

One thing, however, is fairly certain: Newton will never be quite the same.

City officials have discussed applying for federal aid to rebuild the downtown
business district - about half a dozen businesses and city and county offices -
on higher ground.

If that happens, the town's old county courthouse, a turn-of-the- century red
brick building and historic landmark, would be abandoned. County commissioners
have said they do not plan to restore it.

In the meantime, residents are battling a lingering sense of disbelief. And
depression.

"I can't eat and I can't sleep," said Lenier, whose 100-year-old home was
flooded to the eaves. She and her husband, Michael, spent 26 years restoring it.

"Twenty-six years of my life just went down the river," she said.

Bush, who lives across the street with her husband, George, knows the feeling.
She wanders through their flood-damaged home every afternoon and cries.

On the land behind their house are vacant apartments. The couple had been
renovating them to rent.

"We were looking to our 'golden years,' " Bush said. "Thinking about retirement
and having a little extra income." She sighs. The apartments, like their home,
were engulfed in the flood.

"I know there are worse situations, and I thank God I've never been in one. This
is bad enough."

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH942360219

GRAPHIC: Color Photo: A government-provided travel trailer has been home for
G.C. Kennington of Newton and his wife, Rita, since floodwaters moved their
house and damaged it beyond repair. / Jean Shifrin / Staff Chart: After the
flood Baker County -$ 77,000 in disaster checks received. -$ 250,000 in
flood-related expenses predicted for Newton and Baker County. -165 families
displaced. -About 45 travel trailers brought in for temporary shelter. -City and
county offices and all four downtown businesses in Newton were flooded.
Government offices have moved; businesses have not reopened. -Tap water is
undrinkable. One filtering system has been installed on one of two city wells,
with a second filtering system to be installed later. Bibb County About 150,000
Macon residents were without fresh drinking water or sewer service up to 22
days.  150 businesses were damaged. Almost all have reopened.  About 250 homes
in Macon and around Lake Tobesofkee were damaged.  Two county roads still are
being repaired. Two bridges on Echeconnee Creek are still out, on U.S. 41/GA 49
and SR 247. Decatur County -500 acres of crops, mainly cotton and peanuts, were
destroyed. -150 homes destroyed or damaged. -The Elberta Crate Company,
employing some 300 workers, reopened earlier this month. -Opening day for
Decatur County schools was delayed one week to Aug. 29 to move back furniture
and materials that had been removed in advance of the floods. Dougherty County
-5,450 homes were destroyed. -More than 9,300 families and individuals have
sought emergency housing aid. -1,309 families or individuals qualify for
long-term emergency housing in mobile homes. -98 mobile homes and 57 campers
have been installed for temporary shelter. -About 2,000 of the county's 18,500
students were displaced and it's uncertain when four severely damaged schools
will reopen. Macon County -67 businesses in Montezuma were seriously damaged, at
a loss of about $ 10 million. Twelve have reopened. -300 people lost their jobs
in Montezuma businesses. -$ 2 million damage to city-owned buildings and
infrastructure. -$ 6 million damage in additional damage in Macon County. -$ 4
million in damage to roads and bridges. -75 county maintained roads remain
closed. -$ 2 million damage to White Water Park, where a dam breached and the
park is under water. Pulaski County -The Ocmulgee River flooded about 30 homes,
a downtown seafood market and Hawkinsville's water and sewage treatment plant,
forcing shutdowns in service to about 4,000 people. Water has been restored,
most residents are back in their homes and D&D Seafood is back in business. -The
bodies of six people whose coffins floated up in the city cemetery have b een
identified. -Downriver in Wilcox County, eight families are still displaced.
-All major bridges on the Ocmulgee have reopened. -In neighboring Telfair
County, 32 dwellings flooded and most victims remain displaced. Sumter County
-Five bridges and two roads remain closed and a short stretch of Ga. 49 only
recently reopened. (Between 40 and 60 roads were closed during the flood.) -500
homes were damaged or destroyed, displacing 1,000. Map: 52 counties declared
federal disaster areas Compiled by staff writers Jingle Davis, Joe Earle,
Sherrell Evans, Dennis McCafferty, Bill Osinski, Hollis Towns and Ellen
Whitford.  Chart and map: Bad water Up to 17,000 families in South Georgia are
being asked to boil their water before they use it for as long as a year,
because the flood has contaminated their water source, the Floridian aquifer.
The Division of Public Health and the Department of Natural Resources already
have tested about 7,000 individual wells, and discovered that the aquifer - the
source of water for numerous counties - is contaminated with coliform, state
Public Health Director Dr. Patrick J. Meehan said.  The presence of coliform, a
bacteria found in the gastrointestinal tract, is a marker for other possible
contaminants as well. "We conservatively estimate there are another 10,000
[wells that draw water from the aquifer], and we will be testing those as well,"
Meehan said.  Chart: Statewide Infrastructure Damage estimates as of Aug. 16.
Total....$ 202.5 million Public utilities: $ 75 million Public buildings: $ 50
million Roads & bridges: $ 35 million Protective measures: $ 20 million Debris
removal: $ 10 million Water control: $ 10 million Other: $ 2.5 million Of 295
interruptions on the state highway systmes - including lane, road and bridge
closings - ar the height of the flood, only 13 remain. Eleven are damaged
bridges. There are still 216 intrruptions on county and city roads. Note: These
figures reflect estimated costs of repair and restoration of infrastructure
eligible for Federal Disaster Program funding to date.  Commerce Small Business
Administration assistance, as of Aug. 16 Businesses seeking low interest loans.
.......4,740 Number of loans approved so far..............2,197 Total value of
approved loans......... $ 95,227,400 Human needs Assistance disbursed as of Aug.
16. Total: $ 42,938,605 Disaster housing: $ 15,697,861 Food stamps: $ 15,973,650
Individual and family grants: $ 6,178,273 Small Business Administration: $
4,812,100 Disaster unemployment assistance: $ 276,731 Housing assistance has
been provided to 973,650 people Pie graph: Human needs 38% had home with minimal
damage 36% swere found rental property 21% owned rental property 4% were
transient 1% were housed in mobile homes.  1,164,776 Red Cross meals served to
flood victims, through Aug. 16.  426 trailers for temporary housing have been
ordered and received; 117 have been installed on site; and 91 are occupied, as
of Aug. 13.  753 campers have been ordered; 150 have been received; 129 are on
site; 33 are occupied.  15 disaster application centers were opened in
flood-striken areas, but only two remain open, in Macon and Albany. Farms 10,000
acres of peanuts destroyed, out of 675,000 acres to be harvested. 10,000 acres
of soybeans destroyed, out of 500,000 acre to be harvested. 10,000 acres of
cotton destroyed, out of 850,000 acres to be harvested.  Sources: Georgia
Emergency Management Agency, Georgia Department of Agriculture.

                    Copyright 1994 The Atlanta Constitution


                             555 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                December 7, 1998

Sweet Harvest

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 1065 words


Franklin, La., 125 miles west of New Orleans, is cane country.  The sugar cane
grows in waving stalks of green, higher than corn rows.  Late fall is harvest
time in cane country, and you can pass the stubble fields where it's been cut
down, see the big trucks bearing it away to be processed, smell the smoke from
where they're burning the leavings.  It's a sweet harvest, sugar cane.  And
there's another crop that's been planted out in cane country, a tender human
one, that's coming to fruition as well.

Franklin, a small town in St. Mary Parish in south central Louisiana, is just
about surrounded by cane.  At this time of year it's even in the highways, as it
blows out the top of the open trucks.  You can't do it any more, but people like
Almetra J. Franklin and Jeffrey Beverly are old enough to remember when you
could eat sugar cane.  It was a special variety, reddish-purple, called Two
Ninety (over the years the name got garbled into "Tu Niney").  Eating cane is
what the people called it, so sweet and tender that you could peel it with a
knife and chew on it right from the stalk.  But Tu Niney didn't process into
refined sugar as well as other varieties, so over the years it has gone out of
cultivation.

Well, maybe not quite.  Mrs. Franklin and Mr. Beverly are cultivating something
sweet in the rural reaches of St. Mary Parish.  Their crop is safe, decent,
affordable houses, and there's a harvest of successful, happier lives coming in
among the sweet fields of sugar cane.

Translate "Tu Niney" into two hundred-ninety dollars and you'll be in the range
that St. Mary Community Action Agency charges the residents of its Sparrow
Gardens project in nearby Centerville.  The 30 neat town houses there represent
the first completed housing development St. Mary CAA has done, although a
15-unit single-family project has been started and several more are on their
way.

Mrs. Franklin, the executive director of St. Mary, said that although the CAA
has been in business for 30 years, it wasn't until Hurricane Andrew blew through
the 58,000 population parish five years ago that the agency got into the housing
business.  The many displaced people made Mrs. Franklin and Mr. Beverly, the
housing development director at St. Mary, realize there was a great need for
affordable housing in the parish.  All around, but especially in the nearby
community of Garden City, they found very substandard housing, places with no
electricity or indoor plumbing.

So they got busy, getting designated the first community housing development
organization (CHDO) in the state (Mrs. Franklin is now state CHDO president) in
order to get funding for low income housing.  Then they put together the usual
multiplicity of funding sources it takes to make a big multifamily project work
in rural America.  A permanent loan of $ 144,000 was obtained from a local
lender, Whitney Bank.  Boston Capital syndicated $ 600,000 in Low Income Housing
Tax Credits.  The Department of Housing and Urban Development's HOME program
came up with another $ 700,000, making the total financing around $ 1.4 million.

The units range from two to four bedrooms, and the tenants pay between $ 245 and
$ 380 a month in rent.  At dusk, the development is quiet and peaceful, and
visits to two of the tenants reinforce the feeling that Sparrow Gardens is a
sweet place to live.

Brenda Cage has lived in her two-bedroom 1,000 square-foot unit for a year, and
she loves it there.  Now an associate at WalMart, she is a graduate of the St.
Mary CAA Head Start program.  Her boys, Aaron, 7, and Gavin, 6, are pleasant
young men who attend Centerville High (a 12-year school) and eagerly rattle off
a list of television programs and movies they like.

One of their neighbors, Anna Hamilton, is a teacher in the Head Start program.
The mother of seven and grandmother of ten, Ms. Hamilton calls the development a
beautiful program.  Her well-kept home is decorated by numerous photos of her
children and grandchildren, including one charming young lady who already is a
beauty queen.

Sparrow Gardens is just the first in a series of developments that have taken
St. Mary CAA forward from its original housing role as provider of housing
education, rehab and weatherization expertise.  Currently underway is Faith
Place, a 15-unit single-family project in Patterson, La.  Three of the units are
under construction now, using construction money from Hibernia Bank.  The
Federal Home Loan Bank of Dallas has provided a $ 225,000 Affordable Housing
Program grant, and the Louisiana Housing Finance Agency is down for $ 900,000 in
mortgage money through a revenue bond program.  The USDA Rural Development
program will be involved, as well.

Mortgages will be for approximately $ 47,000, and monthly payments will range
from $ 235, to $ 320.  The units feature lots of 72' by 125' and are being built
in different styles to resemble the range of models that would be found in a
suburban neighborhood.

In development now is Isaiah's House, a project planned to rehab six units in
Franklin for senior citizens.  Funding in the works includes rehab money from
the McAuley Institute, a no-interest loan from the St. Mary parish council, and
a grant from the city of Franklin.  Other possibilities include the Norwest
Foundation and the Whitney Bank Community Development Corp.

A unique project underway is Hope House, a housing lab donated by the city of
Franklin.  The house now sits on the CAA grounds, where the city brought it
after taking it off its foundation, and when it gets fixed up it will serve as a
hands-on homeowner education lab.  Potential owners will be saving up for their
downpayments through Individual Development Accounts, and the CAA will look for
a grant which will allow them to earn matching funds.  In the hopper?  A
self-help building project Mrs. Franklin is in the process of applying for.

Although it had gotten too dark to see anything very clearly, Mrs. Franklin and
Mr.  Beverly wanted to show off Faith Place to a visitor on his way back to New
Orleans.  While there, one of the potential new homeowners drove by the site,
just making sure everything was still okay.  He didn't have to, but he was
checking on the growth, on the day's progress, watching over his new home like a
farmer might eye his fields of sugar cane, thinking about the sweet harvest
about to come in.

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture 1, Almetra Franklin, executive director of St. Mary CAA, with
Jeffrey Beverly, housing development director.  A respected figure in the area,
Mrs.  Franklin had just received an award for outstanding achievement from her
local community; Picture 2, Anna Franklin sits surrounded by photos of her
children and grandchildren in her townhome in Sparrow Gardens, Centerville, La.;
Picture 3, Aaron Cage, left, with brother Gavin and mother, Brenda Cage, likes
their unit in Sparrow Gardens.

                         Copyright 1998 Faulkner & Gray


                             556 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                American Banker

                           September 15, 2008 Monday

Few Taking Advantage of SBA Program

BYLINE: Emily Flitter

SECTION: COMMUNITY BANKING; Pg. 1 Vol. 173 No. 178

LENGTH: 981  words


After a slow start, the Small Business Administration is trying to gin up demand
for its Small/Rural Lender Advantage program.

The agency launched the program in January hoping to combat a wider drop-off in
SBA lending by offering bankers and borrowers streamlined loan applications and
quick decisions on loan approvals. But so far demand has not met expectations;
to date the SBA has approved fewer than 200 loans through the program.

Charlie Thomas, the SBA's director of program development, said the initial
response has been soft because many of the targeted lenders have not worked with
the agency for years and "it's taken a while to train lenders and educate them
and regenerate interest in SBA loans."

But banking officials say interest has been tepid because the SBA has mainly
marketed the program in rural areas, and there are simply more businesses - and
eligible borrowers - in more developed markets.

"They haven't hit the sweet spot in terms of where the small businesses are
located," said Bob Siewert, the head of the American Bankers Association's
Center for Commercial Lending and a senior vice president at the trade group.

The sluggish economy could be a factor as well. Overall SBA 7(a) loan volume is
down significantly compared with years past as loan demand has weakened and some
lenders have focused on working out troubled loans rather than originating new
ones.

Championed by former SBA administrator Steven Preston, now the secretary of
Housing and Urban Development, the Small/Rural Lender Advantage program was
established to win back the hundreds of community banks that stopped originating
7(a) loans after the agency abolished a streamlined application program called,
Low Doc, in 2005. Many community banks that do not make large volumes of SBA
loans say the application process is too cumbersome.

The Small/Rural Lender Advantage program targets lenders that have made no more
than 20 SBA loans in the last three years. The application is a single,
two-sided page for loans of $350,000 or less, and decisions are rendered in
three to five business days.

Mr. Thomas said he is confident the program will catch on once lenders and
borrowers become more aware of it.

The agency rolled the program out in New York, New Jersey, and the
MiddleAtlantic states in early September, and when it is launched in California
today it will be availablein every state.

Mr. Thomas said that with the new fiscal year set to begin Oct. 1, its 10
district offices have been instructed to step up their marketing.

The offices will be distributing more marketing materials, hosting more
introductory sessions, and offering more lender training. The SBA is also
"working on incentives that would encourage our district offices and encourage
these small lenders and get them more involved with SBA lending," Mr. Thomas
said.

Mr. Siewert said the reduced paperwork alone could eventually encourage more
lenders to give Small/Rural Lender Advantage a try as word spreads.

But he said he believesthe agencyneeds to publicize it better.

"If you go onto the SBA's Web site and go under the 7(a) loan program, it's not
even mentioned. You have to go to a Google search under 'small/rural lender
advantage' to even know about it," he said.

Emphasizing "rural" in the name could confuse potential borrowers and lenders,
Mr. Siewert said.

"When people talk about the program they don't even use the word 'small'; they
just say 'rural lender,'" he said. "There are more small businesses in urban
areas and more community banks to serve them."

Still, it is in rural regions where the program has been most successful.

Interest has been particularly high in the SBA's Region VIII, which covers
states in the upper Midwest and Rocky Mountains. Fifteen percent of the 7(a)
loans in Wyoming and 25% in South Dakota are being made through the program,
according to the SBA.

Dennis Melton, the district director for the agency's St. Louis office, said the
program is likely to have more economic impact in rural markets.

"A $250,000 loan in a very rural county is equal to a million-dollar loan in a
larger area," he said.

In more urban markets, Mr. Melton said, many lenders would not qualify to make
loans through the Small/Rural Advantage program because they make too many SBA
loans each year. In fact, Mr. Thomas said some banks asking to participate in
the program have been turned away.

Another explanation for the low volume of loans made through the program is the
overall decline in SBA lending.

The agency is on pace to approve roughly 70,000 7(a) loans this fiscal year,
which ends Sept. 30, down from nearly 100,000 last fiscal year.

The dollar volume of approved SBA loans is on pace to fall below $12 billion for
the first time since 2003, according to the agency's data.

Steve Fitzgerald, a principal at Acquisition Services Group, a small-business
brokerage in La Jolla, Calif., said he is brokering fewer deals this year
because businesses that would typically use SBA loans to finance acquisitions
cannot get them.

Local banks have scaled back their SBA operations and the SBA itself has gotten
more cautious in its approvals with the economy slumping, he said.

"For businesses that we sell for less than $2 million it is having an effect
because basically to get the seller cashed out, the SBA's the only player in
town," Mr. Fitzgerald said.

Some banks in Southern California have stopped originating 7(a) loans entirely,
and Mr. Fitzgerald said those still making them are requiring more than the
usual proof of cash flow.

"If you look at what the rules the SBA has, there's not a very high bar to get
over," he explained. Borrowers "have to have a good credit score and a 20%
deposit, and the business has to have cash flow sufficient to support the loan.
But what we're seeing now is, unless you come to the table basically with enough
collateral to back up the loan, they're just not interested."

URL: http://www.americanbanker.com/

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AB


                        Copyright 2008 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             557 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


             Journal Record Legislative Report (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             May 15, 2008 Thursday

Oklahoma lawmaker's plans for future involve farm, cattle

BYLINE: Taylor McCord

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 599  words


After 12 years of faithful service in the Oklahoma Legislature, state Rep. Dale
Turner, D-Holdenville, plans to return home to his farm and tend to his
"long-neglected" cattle.

Representing Hughes District since 1997, Turner has produced significant change
for Oklahomans in both rural and urban areas.

One of Turner's defining accomplishments involves the creation and passage of a
bill that requires registration of violent offenders. Since its instatement on
Nov. 1, 2004, Oklahomans have been able to check a database that lists the names
and addresses of citizens who have been convicted of violent crimes.

House Bill 1853, which is better known as the "Mary Rippy Violent Crime
Offenders Registration Act," was passed by the Legislature and signed by Gov.
Brad Henry in 2004 mandating the creation of a violent offender registry that is
similar to the registry on which sex offenders are listed.

The title of the bill was intended as a memorial to a woman who was murdered in
Turner's district. Mary Rippy was a Wewoka resident who was strangled with a
telephone cord by her neighbor, Tommy Standerfer, in September 2003. Standerfer
had a criminal past - which Rippy and her neighbors did not know before her
death.

Turner saw the desperate need for legislation to protect unaware citizens from
offenders living around them. In response to that need, he authored HB 1853 and
saw it through.

"I'd say that's one of the best things that I've done here," stated Turner.

It was not an easy fight. It came down to the wire in committee and the chairman
made the deciding vote in Turner's favor.

According to Turner, the effectiveness of the bill has been obvious and great
since its passage in 2004.

Another momentous fight in Turner's career includes the issue of rural housing -
or rather the severe lack of it. Having experience with the Hughes County Wes
Walkins Technology Center and local ecological development, Turner took it upon
himself to create incentives for contractors to build in those areas. Teaming up
with then-State Treasurer Robert Butkin, Turner authored the Rural Housing
Linked Deposit Act and proposed it in early 2001.

Since the installment of House Bill 1218, qualified developers can borrow up to
$2 million to finance land acquisition, site development and construction of
single-family or multi-family housing units in rural areas. Loans will be made
for two years with an option, at the discretion of the Office of State
Treasurer, of a one-year extension.

The program offers interest rate discounts by providing lending capital in the
form of certificates of deposit to banks at a reduced interest rate. The banks,
in turn, pass along the savings to the borrower.

The rural housing program is the third linked deposit program operated by the
treasurer. Link programs also exist for small businesses and family farmers.

Turner's impact on his constituents as well as countless other Oklahomans will
continue even after approaching end of his stay at the Capitol.

"I plan to go out to my farm, find a shade tree to sit under, and count my
cattle," answered Turner when asked about his future plans.

Turner said many of his constituents easily identify with that simple pleasure.
He also has a real estate auction company that may receive some of his time
sooner or later.

As to his leaving the Capitol behind, Turner said, "I've enjoyed being up here.

  I didn't know I'd be here this long, but they just keep sending me back. "

Turner said that he has made lasting friendships, both within the Capitol walls
and across the state, that he will always hold in the highest respect.

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             558 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                           December 14, 2014, Sunday

Making Almost Heaven a reality

BYLINE: John David

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. P1C

LENGTH: 891 words


Nancy and Cecil (Cork) Labus decided 19 years ago to return home to West
Virginia and looked for a rural inexpensive house near where Cork had family.
They found an old place that had been unoccupied for a decade near Hico.

Fayette County is "at risk as defined by the Appalachian Regional Commission.
Recently, USDA-Rural Development added the county to its "Strikeforce category
citing pervasive poverty and related socio-economic factors. People who once
worked hard in coal mining and resource-based industries are struggling to
survive and many, such as Nancy and Cork, had health issues.

The house was actually a three-wall log cabin structure with an "add on on the
fourth side. The roof consisted of trusses and rafters made from tree limbs. The
house was heated by a "wood burner and wires dangled dangerously inside and out.
Needless to say, the rehabilitation of this house presented a unique challenge
and creative effort by those in the YouthBuild, AmeriCorps, and volunteer
programs with the Southern Appalachian Labor School (SALS).

Vickie Smith, who has been for 20 years the SALS Construction Manager and
licensed contractor, had never seen anything like this. At first, she expressed
dismay that the home was on the "to do list. But Nancy, who had heard about the
SALS program in a newspaper feature article, was tenacious. She called SALS over
and over for at least a year and finally prevailed. SALS engaged in the tedious
process of cobbling together funds from the Pittsburgh Federal Home Loan
Bank/United Bank's Affordable Housing Program, USDA-Rural Development's Housing
Preservation Grant program, "left-overs from other projects, and tax-credit
donations through the West Virginia Neighborhood Investment Program to assemble
a "Force To Make A Difference for the Labus family. The "job was turned over to
Dave Shaver, a seasoned SALS site supervisor who had experience with almost
impossible situations.

The situation was helped considerably by the grateful attitude exhibited by
Nancy and Cork. While they had no children together, Nancy had several by a
previous marriage, and her son, with Cork, worked on the roof as "self-help
sweat-equity . Nancy provided holiday presents and cooked for the crew, which
was highly appreciated since the place was a long ways from anywhere. Crew
members even helped cook and Nancy now jokes that the nearly two-year project
took longer than needed because nobody wanted to leave. Daniel David, a crew
member from "Day One, recalls that the house was tough but the family's support
made everyone more than willing to go the extra mile.

The energy audit conducted by SALS on the house was off the chart. The logs had
to be sheeted inside and out due to cracks. Skeletons of "critters in the attic
had to be removed. The tree branches supporting the roof had to be reinforced.
Windows that were popping out had to be custom made, Energy Star rated, and
re-fitted. The back entrance with steps had to be totally re-built since access
was impossible. The entire house had to be insulated. The "wood burner and pipe
had to be replaced with an Energy Star HVAC (heat/AC) system. All new wiring had
to be installed. Thanks to a new regional rural water system, the old well with
brown iron-water had to be disconnected and new plumbing installed.

Floors had to be leveled and fixed, since the additional rooms and porches now
included as part of the basic home had various levels, support structures, and
underpinning. Fascia installation, painting, and much other work occurred. Nancy
recalls a situation where it took three hours and a smoking drill to install a
light due to the logs and hard wood used throughout the house.

Nancy recalls her excitement about the work being done. She kept telling crew
members "Thank you! Thank you! and says she cried a lot with happiness. She now
says she is "real proud of her home. It keeps her rheumatoid arthritis at bay,
as she pointed to a folded unused wheelchair on the porch, and the house is, as
she puts it, "no longer an eyesore along the highway . But her special moments
were being around the crew who contributed so much love, sweat, and tears for
her "Home Sweet Home in Almost Heaven West Virginia.

The house was completed nearly five years ago. Then, just last year on December
19, 2013, after over 30 years of marriage, Cork suddenly died. In remembrance of
him and the memories of all that happened, Nancy wears a heart-shaped pendant
containing some of his ashes. She said the welfare department (state Department
of Health and Human Services) offered to pay $1,250 for his arrangements...but
wanted to put a repayment lien on the house. Proudly, thanks to having the house
done by SALS at no cost, Nancy said she turned down the offer. She told us that
she wanted to be "debt-free at last.

As Vickie and I concluded our visit, Nancy hugged us and cried. But the day was
not over. The home health nurse was knocking on the front door. It was time to
keep hope alive.

Homeowner Nancy Labus (left) and Vickie Smith, of the Southern Appalachian Labor
School, visit at Labus' rebuilt home near Hico.

Photo courtesy of John David

John David is director of the Southern Appalachian Labor School and a Gazette
contributing columnist. Hewrote this story for Rural Voices, a magazine of the
Housing Assistance Council. It is reprinted with permission.

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 Charleston Newspapers


                             559 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Daily Mirror (Sri Lanka)

                             March 16, 2009 Monday

HNB partners, LFSUS and Women's Bank to make low income settlers bankable in
Kuruniyawatta

LENGTH: 531  words

DATELINE: Colombo


Colombo, March 16 -- HNB signed a loan agreement with the Sri Lanka Women's
Development Services Cooperative Society (Women's Bank) Ltd to assist in the
upgrading of housing improvements, housing infrastructure and community
infrastructure of the Kuruniyawatta community of Kolonnawa. The Kuruniyawatta
Project is an onsite upgrading project supported by the UN-HABITAT'S Slum
Upgrading Facility (SUF).

The project is designed to assist Governments to lead and coordinate technical
cooperation and seed capital initiatives to develop bankable projects that
promote affordable housing for low- income households. SUF is being piloted in
four countries in Asia and Africa with Sri Lanka being one of these four
countries. Initiating the second SUF project in Sri Lanka, the project finance
advisor for SUF Ms. Angela Mwai expressed her view by stating, "In developing
countries urban slums have been a developing problem. If we think about the
urban slums around the world, they are mainly located in central parts of the
major cities. Therefore, for the urban development upgrading urban slums becomes
crucial. The economic factor becomes a barrier in upgrading slums around the
world. However, LFSUS was established in order to facilitate the financial issue
with the participation of public and private stakeholders". The central
objective of SUF is to assist developing countries to attract domestic capital
for their slum upgrading and related infrastructure activities. Dr. P Ramanujam,
Secretary of Ministry of Urban Development & Sacred Area Development, expressed
his gratitude to HNB for the willingness to grant loans to this project jointly
with UN-HABITAT, LFSUS & Sri Lanka Women's Development Services Cooperative
Society (WOMEN'S BANK) and also he wished to thank Mr. Chandula P Abeywickrema ,
Deputy General Manager of HNB and Chairman of LFSUS who has been the " Leading
Light " in the HNB Banking Sector for inaugurating this venture to serve the
community of our country. The main purpose of this project is to help the people
specially in urban rural areas to open up a new perspective in their lives, by
way of providing opportunities to develop their business, jobs and also to
assist in obtaining housing loans etc. We need institutes like these in Sri
Lanka which can contribute to and stimulate its national growth in the country.
The Kuruniyawatta project is located in the outskirts of the Shell-Gas Road off
Kolonnawa main junction within Kolonnawa MC. The total population of the entire
settlement is 235 and their livelihood options comprise of working as Municipal
Council labourers, three-wheeler drivers, and other small scale, low-income
business men. It is a multi ethnic community inclusive of Sinhalese, Sri Lankan
Tamils, Indian Tamils, Sri Lankan Muslims, Malays and other ethnic minorities.
The proposed development of the Kuruniyawatta settlement will take place on site
as the same land will be utilized for the development process. Since most of the
infrastructure is available within the settlement, the project will upgrade the
existing houses within the limited area space.Published by HT Syndication with
permission from Daily Mirror Sri Lanka.

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                      Copyright 2009 Wijeya Newspaper Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             560 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       Telegram & Gazette (Massachusetts)

                       May 14, 1999 Friday, ALL EDITIONS

Digest

SECTION: BUSINESS; DIGEST; Pg. E2

LENGTH: 592 words



American Superconductor loss laid to research costs

WESTBORO American Superconductor Corp. reported a net loss of $15.3 million, or
$1.01 per share, for the fiscal year 1999 ended March 31. In fiscal 1998 the net
loss was $12.4 million, or $1.06 per share.

The company said revenues for fiscal 1999 were $11.3 million compared with $15.1
million for fiscal 1998.

The company's cash, cash equivalents and long-term investments stood at $31.6
million as of March 31 compared to $8 million at the end of the previous fiscal
year.

American Superconductor President and Chief Executive Officer Gregory J. Yurek
said the losses reflected planned investments primarily in research and
development expenses related to the company's goal of commercializing
high-temperature superconductors for electric power applications. Yurek said the
reported losses were also caused by increased losses in the company's
superconducting magnetic energy storage business unit.

Revenues from the SMES unit were $1.5 million during the year compared with $3.5
million in fiscal 1998. Yurek said American Superconductor currently has an
order backlog of seven SMES units, a strong start toward the company's goal of
receiving orders for more than 30 SMES units in the current fiscal year.

If that goal is achieved, American Superconductor should be in a position to
generate profits in its SMES business unit in the first quarter of its next
fiscal year, Yurek said.

American Superconductor stock closed yesterday at $23.35, up $1.25.

Flagship Bank, MHFA offering new financing plan

WORCESTER Flagship Bank and Trust Co. in Worcester and the Massachusetts Housing
Finance Agency will participate in a statewide affordable housing program to
help families with enough income to make mortgage payments but not enough for a
down payment, closing costs and escrow expenses.

The program, named FreshRate, allows home buyers to apply up to 4 percent of a
loan amount to down payment and closing costs on the purchase of a
one-to-four-family home. The program, which is not restricted to first-time home
buyers, offers 30-year fixed-rate loans at Federal Housing Administration,
Veterans Administration and Rural Housing Services maximum mortgage limits.

The program is open in the Boston area to one- and two-person households with
incomes no higher than $75,000, and to households of three or more persons with
incomes no higher than $86,000. Outside the Boston area, the income limits are
$65,000 for a one- or two-person household and $74,000 for households of three
or more.

Information on FreshRate and other MHFA homeownership programs may be obtained
by calling the agency at (617) 854-1020 or accessing its Web site at  mhfa.com

Harrity's foresees business increase in new quarters

WORCESTER Harrity Appliance Service Co. has moved to 332 West Boylston St. in
the city's Greendale section. Harrity's was formerly at 77 Webster St.

Company President John M. Harrity said Harrity's does not need as much space
because a new computer system that links the company directly with its suppliers
means less inventory has to be kept on hand.

Harrity also said the move will provide more visibility and allow the company to
take advantage of walk-in and drive-by traffic. The new building has off-street
parking, a lobby, parts counter and a parts storage section.

Harrity's services and provides parts for all brands of major appliances,
televisions, VCRs and audio-video equipment.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1999 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.


                             561 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              North Devon Journal

                            March 20, 2008 Thursday

MPs to examine housing success

BYLINE:  Kathryn Fell

SECTION: Pg. 11

LENGTH: 385 words


Top-level talks are to take place in Westminster about the success of a
community housing project.

Holsworthy Community Property Trust has achieved huge success in building cheap
homes for local people over the past couple of years, and is planning to expand
the scheme to neighbouring parishes.

The ultimate aim is to see the scheme replicated in Torridge and the rest of the
country.

The trustees have been   invited to the capital in May to discuss the scheme
"at much higher levels" with Lib Dem MP Matthew Taylor.

HCPT trustee David Smith said: "Affordable housing is   going from strength to
strength in Holsworthy.

"The current DIY scheme, using money [given by property developers] from the old
primary school site, is oversubscribed and another two homes are due to complete
this month."

HCPT is investing £164,000 in a shared equity scheme, which was granted to the
town in lieu of affordable housing by Highfield Homes as part of a   development
in Holsworthy.

The cash, which was held by Torridge District Council,   enabled the trust to
buy three properties for cheap housing in the town.

The district council said candidates who were successful will be asked to find a
property they would like to own, and apply for financial support to pay the
deposit.

Local people interested in the scheme have to meet three criteria to prove their
eligibility: they must be unable to afford a home on the open market, apply for
a suitably-sized home, and be able get a mortgage for their share of the
property. Once successful, they work with HCPT to buy their new home.

HCPT enjoyed huge success in 2007 with its Whitlock Court development in the
town centre, and was mentioned in a Government Green Paper, Homes for the
Future: More   Affordable, More Sustainable.

Mr Smith said: "We are   delighted with the scheme. We are looking to source
more money and are in talks with Torridge District Council about exception sites
in rural areas."

Holsworthy Community Property Trust was set up following a market and coastal
towns survey after the 2001 outbreak of foot and mouth disease. Top of the
priority list in the Holsworthy area was   affordable housing, and in April 2006
the trust was registered as a charitable company.

Trustees  plan to host a conference in September to raise awareness of what the
scheme has achieved.

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 North Devon Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                             562 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Birmingham Post

                           September 5, 2013 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Brownfield homes could save green belt, claim campaigners;
EXCLUSIVE

BYLINE: NEIL ELKES

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 956 words


Almost 17,000 homes are waiting to be built on brownfield sites in Birmingham -
even as officials push forward with a scheme to construct 10,000 dwellings in
the green belt.

A major housing shortage has been used to drive through the rural expansion
despite there being thousands of properties with full or outline planning
permission ready to be built within the city boundary.

The news has been greeted with astonishment by green belt campaigners battling
the development of 10,000 homes near Sutton Coldfield.

Local MP Andrew Mitchell said the planning permissions proved there was
sufficient capacity within existing builtup areas.

He said: "This underlines the point that there is no current requirement to
build on Sutton Coldfield's green belt.

"There is a substantial stock of brownfield sites across the West Midlands.
"Everyone can accept that we need to build more homes but brownfield sites and
existing permissions already granted should bear the brunt of that."

Birmingham City Council has 30,000 on its housing waiting list and estimates a
total of 80,000 new homes are needed for the city and surrounding areas by 2031.
Around 600 council houses and 11,000 private homes in the city already stand
empty.

But council bosses are angry that Local Government Secretary Eric Pickles blamed
red tape and restrictive planning departments for holding back developers.

He described council planning departments as "the last bastion of communism and
sheer bloody mindedness". However, the Local Government Association (LGA) has
hit back, saying there are 440,000 homes waiting to be built across England -
including the 17,000 in Birmingham. It has also seen a marked reduction in new
planning applications. It blamed a lack of funding, either to help developers
meet the upfront costs of house building or for mortgage lenders.

Now the LGA is calling on the Government to lift caps on council housing
investment saying they could get 60,000 homes built in the next five years.

In an interview with the Birmingham Post, Prime Minister David Cameron said that
while he would consider allowing Birmingham City Council to borrow to build,
lending was the problem.

He said: "I will happily look at all options.

The reason why builders haven't been building is because companies haven't been
able to borrow.

"We have not only changed the planning rules and encouraged new building
provision but we are getting to the heart of the problem with the Help To Buy
scheme, helping people to get a mortgage.

"That will unlock the desire among housebuilders to build. I am confident that
we are correcting this. If you look at mortgages and new house starts then they
are all going up."

A Birmingham planning department spokesman said: "There are a number of reasons
for delays in development, including the viability of sites when prices get
deflated, and the lack of mortgage provision for first-time buyers.

"However, here in Birmingham we have managed to sustain levels of house building
and are working innovatively with construction partners through the Birmingham
Municipal Housing Trust.

"The traditional model of working with developers is time-consuming, with the
developer getting no financial returns until the point of sale, which is not
realistic in the current economic climate if we want to get houses built."

The spokesman said that developers, as well as banks and other property
investors are risk-averse in the current climate and council investment could
offer them incentives to get building - as well as ensure the developments are
high quality.

Neil Nickolds from protest group Sutton Coldfield Rural said: "It seems crazy
that with so many planning applications approved that we are even considering
building on the green belt.

"There are also all these empty homes across the city. There are a lot of
alternatives to building here.

"It's a lovely part of Birmingham and once you build houses there that's it.
It's gone forever."

Chairman of the LGA's housing board Coun Mike Jones said the backlog of unbuilt
homes and drop in planning applications last year was a worrying sign the
housing market was not yet on the road to long-term recovery.

He added: "These figures conclusively show that it is not the planning system
holding back the building of muchneeded new homes."

But housing minister Mark Prisk disputed the LGA's figures calling them
'misleading'.

He said: "Actually only around 60,000 houses with planning permission are
currently stalled. We've just reformed the way the system [council borrowing for
housing] works.

"I'm always open to bright ideas. We are working with housing associations and
the private sector to solve the problem."

Developer Richborough Estates wants to build 2,000 homes within Sutton
Coldfield's green belt scheme.

Planning manager Robert Mitchell said: "The city currently has the capacity for
only around 45,000 homes, including approximately 17,000 which already have
planning permission. "Even if all of these were built, there would still be a
need to find around 35,000 elsewhere, whether within the city's boundary or
beyond in the adjoining authorities of the West Midlands urban area.

"It is widely anticipated that the city council will have to accommodate some of
these homes within its own boundaries and several locations to the east and
north-east of Sutton Coldfield are under consideration as part of the
consultation exercise.

"Richborough Estates, as well as other landowners and developers, have put
forward the case that some development in the green belt is both inevitable and
can be made acceptable."

David Cameron in city: Page 9

We need to build more homes but brownfield sites and existing permissions
already granted should bear '' the brunt of that Sutton Coldfield MP Andrew
Mitchell

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Birmingham wants to build on green belt near Sutton Coldfield but plans
exist to build 17,000 homes on brownfield sites. Above, Local Government
Secretary Eric Pickles

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BMP


               Copyright 2013 Midland Independent Newspapers plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             563 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 8, 2014 Wednesday

Utah: Colorado Fresh Food Financing Fund (CO4F)

LENGTH: 343  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Colorado Housing and Finance Authority
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Erica Heller
Phone: 303.628.5592
Email: CO4F@pumaworldhq.com
Purpose

The Colorado Fresh Food Financing Fund (CO4F) provides loans and grants to
support activities and businesses that improve access to healthy food retail and
remove barriers that prevent Colorado's underserved populations from obtaining
healthy food. Funds can be used for construction, expansion, and renovation of
grocery stores and supermarkets in underserved areas.

Although priority will be given to supermarkets, grocery stores, and food
delivery systems, innovative methods of delivering healthy food may also be
considered. Examples include:

Farmers markets
    Farm stands
    Mobile processing and delivery units
    Co-ops
    Buying clubs
    Convenience stores and food kiosks
    Other food delivery systems

Eligibility

Applicant must be a private or public entity or individual with the ability to
incur debt, who can demonstrate at least three years of retail grocery business
experience or other applicable business experience, or can otherwise demonstrate
experience and capacity to successfully implement and carry out a viable
business enterprise.

Eligible projects must be located in an underserved area that primarily serves a
low-to-moderate-income (LMI) community.
Geographic
coverage  Colorado
Amount of
funding

Grants: Limited grants are available in amounts up to $100,000 per project.

Loans: Minimum loan is $100,000. Maximum is $1,500,000. Loans will be made in
instances where conventional financial institutions either do not offer
financing, or the conventional financing offered is insufficient or on terms
that are a detriment to the feasibility of the project/business. Business
operators and site developers will be required to have cash equity at risk in
addition to the financing offered in this program.

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             564 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             January 6, 2014 Monday

Utah: Colorado Fresh Food Financing Fund (CO4F)

LENGTH: 386  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Colorado Housing and Finance Authority
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Erica Heller
Phone: 303.628.5592
Email: CO4F@pumaworldhq.com
Purpose

The Colorado Fresh Food Financing Fund (CO4F) provides loans and grants to
support activities and businesses that improve access to healthy food retail and
remove barriers that prevent Colorado's underserved populations from obtaining
healthy food. Funds can be used for construction, expansion, and renovation of
grocery stores and supermarkets in underserved areas.

Although priority will be given to supermarkets, grocery stores, and food
delivery systems, innovative methods of delivering healthy food may also be
considered. Examples include:

Farmers markets
    Farm stands
    Mobile processing and delivery units
    Co-ops
    Buying clubs
    Convenience stores and food kiosks
    Other food delivery systems

Eligibility

Applicant must be a private or public entity or individual with the ability to
incur debt, who can demonstrate at least three years of retail grocery business
experience or other applicable business experience, or can otherwise demonstrate
experience and capacity to successfully implement and carry out a viable
business enterprise.

Eligible projects must be located in an underserved area that primarily serves a
low-to-moderate-income (LMI) community.
Geographic
coverage  Colorado
Amount of
funding

Grants: Limited grants are available in amounts up to $100,000 per project.

Loans: Minimum loan is $100,000. Maximum is $1,500,000. Loans will be made in
instances where conventional financial institutions either do not offer
financing, or the conventional financing offered is insufficient or on terms
that are a detriment to the feasibility of the project/business. Business
operators and site developers will be required to have cash equity at risk in
addition to the financing offered in this program.
Application
process

A link to the pre-application form is available on the program website.

Completed pre-applications should be emailed to CO4F@pumaworldhq.com
Tagged as  Capital funding, Community development, Economic development, Food
and hunger, Colorado

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             565 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 2, 2014 Thursday

Utah: Colorado Fresh Food Financing Fund (CO4F)

LENGTH: 343  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Colorado Housing and Finance Authority
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Erica Heller
Phone: 303.628.5592
Email: CO4F@pumaworldhq.com
Purpose

The Colorado Fresh Food Financing Fund (CO4F) provides loans and grants to
support activities and businesses that improve access to healthy food retail and
remove barriers that prevent Colorado's underserved populations from obtaining
healthy food. Funds can be used for construction, expansion, and renovation of
grocery stores and supermarkets in underserved areas.

Although priority will be given to supermarkets, grocery stores, and food
delivery systems, innovative methods of delivering healthy food may also be
considered. Examples include:

Farmers markets
    Farm stands
    Mobile processing and delivery units
    Co-ops
    Buying clubs
    Convenience stores and food kiosks
    Other food delivery systems

Eligibility

Applicant must be a private or public entity or individual with the ability to
incur debt, who can demonstrate at least three years of retail grocery business
experience or other applicable business experience, or can otherwise demonstrate
experience and capacity to successfully implement and carry out a viable
business enterprise.

Eligible projects must be located in an underserved area that primarily serves a
low-to-moderate-income (LMI) community.
Geographic
coverage  Colorado
Amount of
funding

Grants: Limited grants are available in amounts up to $100,000 per project.

Loans: Minimum loan is $100,000. Maximum is $1,500,000. Loans will be made in
instances where conventional financial institutions either do not offer
financing, or the conventional financing offered is insufficient or on terms
that are a detriment to the feasibility of the project/business. Business
operators and site developers will be required to have cash equity at risk in
addition to the financing offered in this program.

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             566 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 25, 2013 Wednesday

Utah: Colorado Fresh Food Financing Fund (CO4F)

LENGTH: 386  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Colorado Housing and Finance Authority
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Erica Heller
Phone: 303.628.5592
Email: CO4F@pumaworldhq.com
Purpose

The Colorado Fresh Food Financing Fund (CO4F) provides loans and grants to
support activities and businesses that improve access to healthy food retail and
remove barriers that prevent Colorado's underserved populations from obtaining
healthy food. Funds can be used for construction, expansion, and renovation of
grocery stores and supermarkets in underserved areas.

Although priority will be given to supermarkets, grocery stores, and food
delivery systems, innovative methods of delivering healthy food may also be
considered. Examples include:

Farmers markets
    Farm stands
    Mobile processing and delivery units
    Co-ops
    Buying clubs
    Convenience stores and food kiosks
    Other food delivery systems

Eligibility

Applicant must be a private or public entity or individual with the ability to
incur debt, who can demonstrate at least three years of retail grocery business
experience or other applicable business experience, or can otherwise demonstrate
experience and capacity to successfully implement and carry out a viable
business enterprise.

Eligible projects must be located in an underserved area that primarily serves a
low-to-moderate-income (LMI) community.
Geographic
coverage  Colorado
Amount of
funding

Grants: Limited grants are available in amounts up to $100,000 per project.

Loans: Minimum loan is $100,000. Maximum is $1,500,000. Loans will be made in
instances where conventional financial institutions either do not offer
financing, or the conventional financing offered is insufficient or on terms
that are a detriment to the feasibility of the project/business. Business
operators and site developers will be required to have cash equity at risk in
addition to the financing offered in this program.
Application
process

A link to the pre-application form is available on the program website.

Completed pre-applications should be emailed to CO4F@pumaworldhq.com
Tagged as  Capital funding, Community development, Economic development, Food
and hunger, Colorado

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: December 26, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             567 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 23, 2013 Monday

Utah: Colorado Fresh Food Financing Fund (CO4F)

LENGTH: 343  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Colorado Housing and Finance Authority
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Erica Heller
Phone: 303.628.5592
Email: CO4F@pumaworldhq.com
Purpose

The Colorado Fresh Food Financing Fund (CO4F) provides loans and grants to
support activities and businesses that improve access to healthy food retail and
remove barriers that prevent Colorado's underserved populations from obtaining
healthy food. Funds can be used for construction, expansion, and renovation of
grocery stores and supermarkets in underserved areas.

Although priority will be given to supermarkets, grocery stores, and food
delivery systems, innovative methods of delivering healthy food may also be
considered. Examples include:

Farmers markets
    Farm stands
    Mobile processing and delivery units
    Co-ops
    Buying clubs
    Convenience stores and food kiosks
    Other food delivery systems

Eligibility

Applicant must be a private or public entity or individual with the ability to
incur debt, who can demonstrate at least three years of retail grocery business
experience or other applicable business experience, or can otherwise demonstrate
experience and capacity to successfully implement and carry out a viable
business enterprise.

Eligible projects must be located in an underserved area that primarily serves a
low-to-moderate-income (LMI) community.
Geographic
coverage  Colorado
Amount of
funding

Grants: Limited grants are available in amounts up to $100,000 per project.

Loans: Minimum loan is $100,000. Maximum is $1,500,000. Loans will be made in
instances where conventional financial institutions either do not offer
financing, or the conventional financing offered is insufficient or on terms
that are a detriment to the feasibility of the project/business. Business
operators and site developers will be required to have cash equity at risk in
addition to the financing offered in this program.

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             568 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 20, 2013 Friday

Utah: Colorado Fresh Food Financing Fund (CO4F)

LENGTH: 386  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Colorado Housing and Finance Authority
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Erica Heller
Phone: 303.628.5592
Email: CO4F@pumaworldhq.com
Purpose

The Colorado Fresh Food Financing Fund (CO4F) provides loans and grants to
support activities and businesses that improve access to healthy food retail and
remove barriers that prevent Colorado's underserved populations from obtaining
healthy food. Funds can be used for construction, expansion, and renovation of
grocery stores and supermarkets in underserved areas.

Although priority will be given to supermarkets, grocery stores, and food
delivery systems, innovative methods of delivering healthy food may also be
considered. Examples include:

Farmers markets
    Farm stands
    Mobile processing and delivery units
    Co-ops
    Buying clubs
    Convenience stores and food kiosks
    Other food delivery systems

Eligibility

Applicant must be a private or public entity or individual with the ability to
incur debt, who can demonstrate at least three years of retail grocery business
experience or other applicable business experience, or can otherwise demonstrate
experience and capacity to successfully implement and carry out a viable
business enterprise.

Eligible projects must be located in an underserved area that primarily serves a
low-to-moderate-income (LMI) community.
Geographic
coverage  Colorado
Amount of
funding

Grants: Limited grants are available in amounts up to $100,000 per project.

Loans: Minimum loan is $100,000. Maximum is $1,500,000. Loans will be made in
instances where conventional financial institutions either do not offer
financing, or the conventional financing offered is insufficient or on terms
that are a detriment to the feasibility of the project/business. Business
operators and site developers will be required to have cash equity at risk in
addition to the financing offered in this program.
Application
process

A link to the pre-application form is available on the program website.

Completed pre-applications should be emailed to CO4F@pumaworldhq.com
Tagged as  Capital funding, Community development, Economic development, Food
and hunger, Colorado

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             569 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 18, 2013 Wednesday

Utah: Colorado Fresh Food Financing Fund (CO4F)

LENGTH: 386  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Colorado Housing and Finance Authority
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Erica Heller
Phone: 303.628.5592
Email: CO4F@pumaworldhq.com
Purpose

The Colorado Fresh Food Financing Fund (CO4F) provides loans and grants to
support activities and businesses that improve access to healthy food retail and
remove barriers that prevent Colorado's underserved populations from obtaining
healthy food. Funds can be used for construction, expansion, and renovation of
grocery stores and supermarkets in underserved areas.

Although priority will be given to supermarkets, grocery stores, and food
delivery systems, innovative methods of delivering healthy food may also be
considered. Examples include:

Farmers markets
    Farm stands
    Mobile processing and delivery units
    Co-ops
    Buying clubs
    Convenience stores and food kiosks
    Other food delivery systems

Eligibility

Applicant must be a private or public entity or individual with the ability to
incur debt, who can demonstrate at least three years of retail grocery business
experience or other applicable business experience, or can otherwise demonstrate
experience and capacity to successfully implement and carry out a viable
business enterprise.

Eligible projects must be located in an underserved area that primarily serves a
low-to-moderate-income (LMI) community.
Geographic
coverage  Colorado
Amount of
funding

Grants: Limited grants are available in amounts up to $100,000 per project.

Loans: Minimum loan is $100,000. Maximum is $1,500,000. Loans will be made in
instances where conventional financial institutions either do not offer
financing, or the conventional financing offered is insufficient or on terms
that are a detriment to the feasibility of the project/business. Business
operators and site developers will be required to have cash equity at risk in
addition to the financing offered in this program.
Application
process

A link to the pre-application form is available on the program website.

Completed pre-applications should be emailed to CO4F@pumaworldhq.com
Tagged as  Capital funding, Community development, Economic development, Food
and hunger, Colorado

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             570 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 16, 2013 Monday

Utah: Colorado Fresh Food Financing Fund (CO4F)

LENGTH: 343  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Colorado Housing and Finance Authority
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Erica Heller
Phone: 303.628.5592
Email: CO4F@pumaworldhq.com
Purpose

The Colorado Fresh Food Financing Fund (CO4F) provides loans and grants to
support activities and businesses that improve access to healthy food retail and
remove barriers that prevent Colorado's underserved populations from obtaining
healthy food. Funds can be used for construction, expansion, and renovation of
grocery stores and supermarkets in underserved areas.

Although priority will be given to supermarkets, grocery stores, and food
delivery systems, innovative methods of delivering healthy food may also be
considered. Examples include:

Farmers markets
    Farm stands
    Mobile processing and delivery units
    Co-ops
    Buying clubs
    Convenience stores and food kiosks
    Other food delivery systems

Eligibility

Applicant must be a private or public entity or individual with the ability to
incur debt, who can demonstrate at least three years of retail grocery business
experience or other applicable business experience, or can otherwise demonstrate
experience and capacity to successfully implement and carry out a viable
business enterprise.

Eligible projects must be located in an underserved area that primarily serves a
low-to-moderate-income (LMI) community.
Geographic
coverage  Colorado
Amount of
funding

Grants: Limited grants are available in amounts up to $100,000 per project.

Loans: Minimum loan is $100,000. Maximum is $1,500,000. Loans will be made in
instances where conventional financial institutions either do not offer
financing, or the conventional financing offered is insufficient or on terms
that are a detriment to the feasibility of the project/business. Business
operators and site developers will be required to have cash equity at risk in
addition to the financing offered in this program.

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             571 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 11, 2013 Wednesday

Utah: Colorado Fresh Food Financing Fund (CO4F)

LENGTH: 343  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Colorado Housing and Finance Authority
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Erica Heller
Phone: 303.628.5592
Email: CO4F@pumaworldhq.com
Purpose

The Colorado Fresh Food Financing Fund (CO4F) provides loans and grants to
support activities and businesses that improve access to healthy food retail and
remove barriers that prevent Colorado's underserved populations from obtaining
healthy food. Funds can be used for construction, expansion, and renovation of
grocery stores and supermarkets in underserved areas.

Although priority will be given to supermarkets, grocery stores, and food
delivery systems, innovative methods of delivering healthy food may also be
considered. Examples include:

Farmers markets
    Farm stands
    Mobile processing and delivery units
    Co-ops
    Buying clubs
    Convenience stores and food kiosks
    Other food delivery systems

Eligibility

Applicant must be a private or public entity or individual with the ability to
incur debt, who can demonstrate at least three years of retail grocery business
experience or other applicable business experience, or can otherwise demonstrate
experience and capacity to successfully implement and carry out a viable
business enterprise.

Eligible projects must be located in an underserved area that primarily serves a
low-to-moderate-income (LMI) community.
Geographic
coverage  Colorado
Amount of
funding

Grants: Limited grants are available in amounts up to $100,000 per project.

Loans: Minimum loan is $100,000. Maximum is $1,500,000. Loans will be made in
instances where conventional financial institutions either do not offer
financing, or the conventional financing offered is insufficient or on terms
that are a detriment to the feasibility of the project/business. Business
operators and site developers will be required to have cash equity at risk in
addition to the financing offered in this program.

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             572 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                            Lowell Sun (Lowell, MA)

                            April 6, 2005 Wednesday

Meehan helps steer $2.5 million in federal loans to Boott Mills

BYLINE: MICHAEL LAFLEUR, Sun Staff

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 293 words

DATELINE: LOWELL


http://extras.mnginteractive.com

U.S. Rep. Marty Meehan has helped steer $2.5 million in federal, low-interest
loans to the Boott Cotton Mills for use in turning the complex's West Mill into
a mix of condominiums and commercial office space.

Ed Barry, managing partner in the Boott Cotton Mills LLC, could not be reached
for comment yesterday. But he told city councilors in February that his
partnership plans to develop the so-called West Mill -- two buildings measuring
about 200,000 square feet -- into 108 loft-style condominiums and 63,000 square
feet of commercial office space.

A total project price tag was unavailable yesterday.

The money for yesterday's loan announcement comes from the Section 108 loan
program, administered by the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development.

Meehan, in a statement, said the commercial space is expected to add 130 jobs to
Lowell once it's fully occupied.

The project also will mark the final renovation component of the long-running
effort to redevelop the 600,000-square-foot, historic Boott Cotton Mills
complex.

The complex consists of the West Mill, East Mill, South Mill and the Lowell
National Historical Park's Tsongas Industrial History Center, which form a
quandrangle around an interior courtyard.

At around 90,000 square feet, the South Mill has already been totally renovated
as commercial office space.

Barry's partnership sold the 224,000-square-foot East Mill to Boston-based Winn
Development in 2004, and Winn is nearly finished with a $28 million effort to
turn the buildings into 154 apartments, 32 of which will be "affordable."

About 7 percent of the West Mill already had been renovated.

Michael Lafleur's e-mail address is mlafleur@lowellsun.com.

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Lowell's Boott Mill is being converted into office space, condominiums
and apartments. SUN FILE PHOTO

                      Copyright 2005 MediaNews Group, Inc.


                             573 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                     January 19, 1996, Friday, ALL EDITIONS

BUSINESS REPORT;
ON RESIDENTIAL REAL ESTATE;
Mortgage rates lowest since '93

BYLINE: Mickey Higginbotham; STAFF WRITER

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 02B

LENGTH: 660 words


Mortgage rates dropped to their lowest point since October 1993 this week,
according to a Thursday survey of local lenders by Bank Rate Monitor.

The rate on a 30-year mortgage fell from 6.90 percent to 6.68 percent. The rate
on a 15-year mortgage dipped from 6.41 percent to 6.23 percent, and the initial
rate on an adjustable-rate mortgage inched down from 4.98 percent to 4.95
percent.

The rates are based on 0.94 discount point for the 30-year loan, 0.71 point for
the 15-year loan, and 0.39 point for the ARM. A discount point, a fee charged by
the lender, is 1 percent of the loan amount.

VA loan-closing delay

The federal budget stalemate could cause delays of up to four weeks for
Atlantans with VA loans in the works.

The three-week partial government shutdown, followed by three days of snow
closings in Washington, has created a backlog in processing federal loan
applications. This comes at a time when volume is high because of low interest
rates, said Patrick S. Flood, president of Homebanc Mortgage Corp., Atlanta's
largest mortgage lender. About 30 percent of Homebanc's mortgages are VA and FHA
loans.

Loans for veterans already faced backlogs because Congress did not renew
legislation simplifying the VA loan application procedure. Until the legislation
is reauthorized, lenders must use an older, more cumbersome application process
that doesn't allow veterans to negotiate interest rates.

Homebanc is telling customers with government-backed loans that closings could
be delayed two to four weeks because of the problems.

"We would rather tell people to plan and buffer themselves than assume
everything's going to be fine," Flood said.

Although FHA loans appear to be back on track now that federal employees have
returned to work, there could be delays if the budget impasse leads to another
shutdown, he said.

Loan limit raised

Buyers of higher-priced homes can get larger mortgages this year without paying
premium rates.

The Federal National Mortgage Association, known as Fannie Mae, last week raised
its single-family loan limit to $ 207,000 from $ 203,150, matching its main
competitor. The Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp., known as Freddie Mac, had
raised its rate at the beginning of the year.

Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae purchase mortgages from financial institutions and
then package them as securities for investors. Mortgages that fall within their
purchase limits generally carry lower rates because banks and thrifts can more
easily market them to investors.

Mortgages above the $ 207,000 limit typically have higher rates.
Apartment update

- NationsBank Community Development Corp. has purchased Biscayne Apartments, a
370-unit complex on Old National Highway in College Park, for $ 7 million.

The 24-year-old complex was 95 percent occupied at the time of the sale. LEDIC
Management Group will supervise a $ 1 million renovation project, and then
manage the apartments, which will be offered as affordable housing. The
renovation includes the addition of controlled- access gates, repairs to the
pool and playground, landscaping and exterior upgrades. Current monthly rents
run from $ 310 for efficiencies to $ 628 for three-bedroom units.

-First Union Mortgage Corp. has arranged a $ 13.3 million loan for Highland
Square Apartments, being developed by Julian LeCraw & Co. Inc. and Billy Small.

The 14-acre project, on the site of the former Fountainview Convalescent Center
at 1500 Briarcliff Road, will include 244 luxury apartments. Construction is
under way, and the first units should be finished by early summer.

Worth noting

- Betty George is the new president of the DeKalb Board of Realtors. George is
an associate broker and owner/partner of Re/Max Metro Atlanta in the Toco Hills
shopping center.

-Skip Fay is the new vice president of Torrey Homes' Georgia division. Fay
previously was with Morrison Homes and Aston Woods Homes in Atlanta.

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1996 The Atlanta Constitution


                             574 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                      IPR

                       April 13, 2012 Friday 7:29 PM  EST

ENABLING AFFORDABLE HOUSING FOR ALL - ISSUES & CHALLENGES

LENGTH: 6443 words


UMBAI, India, April 13 -- Reserve Bank of India issued the following speech:

1. It is a pleasure to address such a distinguished gathering of delegates at
the international conference and the well-known experts from the sector who have
assembled here. It is my pleasure to be here not only as a representative of the
Reserve Bank of India but also as a member of the Board of the National Housing
Bank (NHB). Over the years, the Reserve Bank and the NHB have committed to the
cause of improving the condition of the Indian housing sector considering that
housing constitutes one of the four basic requirements for human survival roti
(food), kapada (clothing), makan (housing) and izzat (dignity). Our experience
shows that housing tends to serve as a catalyst for a change in socio-cultural
milieu and also aids in economic development. More importantly, housing lays the
foundation for a life of dignity. By investing in homes, people, in particular,
the low-income groups, accumulate equity that can then be used as collateral,
making them more credit-worthy for accessing finance through formal channels and
also for generating income. Against this background, addressing housing shortage
and improving affordability remains an integral part of our national policy
towards poverty alleviation.

DILEMMAS FOR THE POLICY MAKERS

2. The recent housing bubble in the US which in many ways contributed to global
financial market crisis is still fresh in the minds of all the stakeholders in
the financial markets. The housing crisis in the US has yet again proved that
the mission of social objectives, if not driven with regulatory caution, can
lead to financial instability. Such events not only cause severe structural
damages to the financial system but also lead to further intensification of the
problem that the mission originally was seeking to overcome. Therefore, dilemma
for policy makers is to choose either a policy which aims at affordable houses
for all without compromising the stability of the financial sector or a policy
which enables all to afford houses with focus on inclusive growth for the people
at large.

3. The mandate of Reserve Bank of India, whether stated explicitly or otherwise,
is for promotion of inclusive growth without undermining financial stability.
The dilemma is all the more significant in the context of housing sector
initiatives as they involve framing policies on affordability of housing and
also harnessing and promoting markets so as to serve the entire spectrum of
customers, irrespective of their levels of income and the phase of business
cycle.

THE EXTENT OF PROBLEM

4. Housing shortage has always been a major problem over the years in our
country since independence. Such shortage estimated as excess households over
houses including houseless households, congestion (number of married couples
requiring separate house), and replacement/ up-gradation of kutcha/
unserviceable kutcha houses and obsolescence/ replacement of old houses, etc.
had grown over the decades.

5. The Working Group on Rural Housing for the Eleventh Five Year Plan (2007-
12), has estimated the total housing shortage in rural areas at 47.43 million
units at the end of 2012. As per Government estimates, the total housing
shortage in the urban areas, at the beginning of the 11th Plan period was around
24.71 million units and is likely to go up to 26.53 million units by 2012. The
urban situation is equally appalling with 99 per cent of the housing shortage
pertaining to the Economically Weaker Section (EWS) and Low Income Group (LIG)
categories. It is also of major concern that 90 percent of the rural housing
shortage (approximately, 42.69 million units) are in respect of Below the
Poverty Line (BPL) categories.

6. According to a report of ICRA*, housing loans as a percentage of GDP have
remained at around 7 per cent, significantly lower than the levels achieved in
most of the developed countries. It indicates the extent of opportunity for
deeper penetration of such market. With improving demographics and economies of
scale, the mortgage to GDP ratio is likely to increase. The stakeholders,
however, need to reckon with problems and impediments in the process which may
arise from changes in the economic cycle, uncertainties surrounding land
acquisition policies, changes in the policy framework and systemic risk that
could arise out of rapid credit expansion with lax due diligence standards.

CONCEPT OF AFFORDABILITY

7. "Affordability" as a concept is very generic and could have different
meanings for different people based on differences in income levels. Different
countries have defined affordable housing to present the economic potential of
an individual buying a house. In developed countries like the US and Canada, a
commonly accepted guideline for affordable housing is that the cost of housing
should not exceed 30 percent of the gross income of the household. Affordable
housing and low-cost housing are often interchangeably used but are quite
different from each other. Low-cost housing is generally meant for the
Economically Weaker Sections (EWS) categories and comprises bare minimum housing
facilities while affordable housing is mostly meant for the Low Income Groups
(LIG) and the Middle Income Groups (MIG).

8. Defining affordable housing in India is a difficult task given that for every
square kilometer of the country the dynamics of the market are different.
Keeping in mind that the housing shortages affect mostly the EWS and LIG, and
the younger group of urban-urban migrants changing cities in search of better
prospects, affordable houses, for the purpose of such schemes, are taken as
houses ranging from about 300 square feet (super built up area) for EWS, 500
square feet for LIG and 600 to 1200 square feet for MIG, at costs that permit
repayment of home loans in monthly installments not exceeding 30 percent to 40
percent of the monthly income of the buyer.

9. A major issue involving the affordable low cost housing is the quality of
housing. As per the 2001 census data, only 51.62 percent of Indian households
stay in pucca (concrete) houses. As on end-June 2009, 55 percent of the rural
households and 92 percent of the urban households lived in pucca structures
(Table I).

Omitted Table I (the document can be viewed at URL:
http://www.rbi.org.in/scripts/BS_SpeechesView.aspx?Id=688)

THE CHALLENGES IN INDIA - REASONS FOR LOW AFFORDABILITY

10. Although India has been registering a fast paced growth during the first
decade of the 21st century there is still a significant population below the
poverty line (BPL), irrespective of the parameters defining the line. This
requires economic and social support to get above the poverty line. The levels
of unemployment also remain significantly high, thereby rendering housing
unaffordable to many. It is also important to reckon the fact that even today
there is a large population which remains financially excluded from the formal
banking/ financial systems and, in the process, is deprived of access to housing
finance.

RURAL HOUSING

11. The vulnerabilities to the rural housing sector are often thought to be
limited to the delivery system for housing materials, services and finance. The
sector, however, is deeply affected by infrastructure deficit-roads, electricity
supply, drinking water and sanitation. The housing finance which played a key
role in the urban housing revolution, if I may say so, is rather conspicuous by
its absence in the rural setting. To aggravate the situation further, there is a
real paucity of common or non-agricultural land for meeting the housing needs of
the poor; whatever little is available is pre empted by the demands from other
sectors. The lack of vibrancy in the market for village properties and the
marked volatility in agricultural incomes combine to dampen the prospects of
this nebulous sector.

CHALLENGES FROM URBAN MIGRATION

12. The other challenge emanates from the economic condition of our rural areas
which leads to migration of population. The number of people in urban cities and
towns has gone up substantially primarily as a by-product of demographic
explosion and poverty induced rural-urban migration. This situation has resulted
in tremendous pressure on urban infrastructure and consequent increase in the
number of homeless people living on the streets. As per the 2001 census, the
total urban homeless population was 0.78 million, which would be much more
currently given the inadequate availability of affordable/ low cost housing. As
per the 2001 census, the country's urban land mass (2.4 percent of total land
mass) housed approximately 28 percent of the population, excluding people who
live on the streets (Chart I).

Omitted Chart I (the document can be viewed at URL:
http://www.rbi.org.in/scripts/BS_SpeechesView.aspx?Id=688)

13. If we look deeper into the extent of availability of basic amenities, the
position is all the more disturbing. As per the Report of Housing Condition &
Amenities in India (2009), 65 per cent of rural and 11 per cent of urban
households do not have adequate sanitation facilities. 34 percent of the rural
and 4 per cent of the urban households did not have the facility of electricity.
Only 18 percent of the rural households had all the three facilities (drinking
water within premises, sanitation & electricity) whereas in urban areas, all the
three facilities were available to 68 percent households.

CONSTRAINTS TO HOUSING SECTOR

14. Any sector is likely to be influenced by both demand and supply constraints.
On the demand side, mainly income levels of the people, overall cyclical
condition of the economy and affordability of housing play the most important
role and availability of land, finance at reasonable price, infrastructure,
legal and regulatory framework are some of the major constraints from the supply
side.

CONSTRAINTS OF LAND AVAILABILITY

15. Amongst the four constraints, land bears particular relevance in the Indian
context. The continuous tussle between agriculture and industry in a country
with a vast segment employed in agriculture and with a policy attempting to
boost the manufacturing sector has its undesired effects on sectors like
housing. But the required policy support to the housing sector cannot be ignored
since construction has direct linkages with the manufacturing sector and any
boost in this sector is likely to boost the manufacturing sector as well. On the
other hand, with growth in the rural sector, demand for low-cost and affordable
housing is expected to increase. The recent bill on Land Acquisition and
Rehabilitation & Resettlement has proposed to fix the compensation for rural and
urban land at four and two times the market value respectively. It also
stipulates a specified period for the completion of projects. Many feel that the
law is likely to increase prices of land and property and also further constrain
land availability. If this happens, it may increase the proportion of land cost
in the total cost.

16. As mentioned earlier, urban land mass is under severe constraint to meet the
housing requirement of the country's urban population which is growing rapidly.
This implies that the vision of "Affordable Housing for All" will require
acquisition/ supply of large land parcels on a regular basis. At the same time,
we need to ensure proper development of the housing sector; otherwise we may be
seeing increasing number of slums and unauthorised settlements.

FINANCIAL CONSTRAINTS

17. Another important constraint that has been existent all along for the
housing sector is finance for the developers as well as finance for the
households, particularly for the low cost/ affordable housing category. The
current financing mechanism prevalent in the country mostly targets middle and
high income sections of the society while the households falling under low
income and economically weaker sections category find it difficult to secure
formal housing finance. Commercial banks and traditional means of housing
finance typically do not serve low-income groups, whose income may vary with
crop seasons or is below the 'viable' threshold to ensure repayment or those who
cannot provide collateral for loans. In India, as mentioned earlier, the
mortgage to GDP ratio is estimated at around 7 percent. This contrasts with
mortgage to GDP ratio of over 51 percent in USA. However, even if one were to
benchmark with more comparable counterparts, the ratio ranges between 15 and 20
percent for South East Asian countries. The penetration level of mortgages is
miniscule when compared with the shortage of housing units. This problem is more
acute for low income families seeking affordable houses.

NEED FOR LONG-TERM DEBT MARKET

18. Housing constitutes a long term asset for a large segment of population in
rural and urban areas. As debt markets are not very deep, access to long-term
funding for housing finance institutions is difficult. Most banks use their
shortterm funds from deposits and deploy these funds in long-term housing loans,
thereby creating an asset liability mismatch. Reserve Bank of India has
cautioned banks of the dangers of borrowing short and lending long. To mitigate
such problem, in some countries, banks have been permitted to float long-term
mortgage bonds to match their mortgage assets. To tackle the interest rate
risks, most assets and liabilities are on a floating rate basis. In India, there
has been a long-standing demand to allow pension and provident funds to invest
in housing finance. These funds are suppliers of long-term capital. They
typically have a low risk tolerance but do crave for diversification. The
mutuality of interest is strong between homeowners and long-term institutional
investors. Going forward, to tide over the paucity of funds, it is imperative to
develop the secondary mortgage market. Securitisation ensures recycling of
funds. While some countries in South Asia have issued mortgage-backed
securities, most transactions are sporadic and ad-hoc. Rigidities in the legal
framework, high stamp duties and lack of uniformity in underwriting norms are
recognized as some of the hindrances in the development of mortgage market. Of
course, regulatory concerns for unbridled securitization and massive growth in
home loan portfolio with very lax underwriting standards which caused
considerable damage to the financial markets, particularly in the context of the
advance economies like the US, have to be kept in view. Drawing upon the lessons
from imprudent securitization of mortgages which contributed to a larger extent
to the recent global financial crisis, Reserve Bank of India is reviewing the
regulatory framework for securitization in India. It is expected that the market
for residential mortgage backed securities (RMBS) will develop on safe and sound
lines under the new regulatory framework.

LOAN PRODUCTS

19. A housing loan is inherently different from any other retail loan. This is
because a house is probably the single largest investment a person makes in
his/her lifetime. It has been noticed that a customer seeking a housing loan
does not just require finance-they may also need ancillary services like loan
counselling or legal advice to ensure the title of the property is clear or
technical advice to ensure that the structural aspects of the property are in
order. It is these add-on services that distinguish the good quality of services
from not so good. The typical mortgage borrower of South Asian countries,
including India belongs to the upper or middle class, is of an average age of
35-40 years, usually a first time home buyer and by and large a salaried
employee.

20. Most loan products are fairly standardised-plain vanilla home loan products,
loans for home improvement and extension, land loans, loans for non-residential
premises and the newer breed of loans include home equity and topup/ personal
loans. Against the backdrop of lower interest rates seen across the region, most
home loans are on floating rate loans. In India, the floating rate of some banks
and housing finance institutions is benchmarked to prime lending rate. It has
been noticed that several customers opt for floating rate loans without
understanding the inherent risks involved. Even most of the existing fixed rate
loans have been converted into floating rates. To tide over the dilemma of
whether to opt for a fixed or floating rate loan, blended options are being
offered wherein the customer can hedge part of the interest rate risk by opting
for a combination of fixed and floating rates. The major issue, however, is that
most individual borrowers find it difficult to manage the interest rate risk
under pure or semi floating interest rate regime. Hence, there is greater need
for fixed interest rate loan products for individual borrowers. Coming to
currency risk, fortunately, home loan borrowers in the Asia-Pacific region and
India, in particular, are not exposed to exchange rate risks as borrowings are
in domestic currency. Another area of product innovation could be deposit linked
home loan products. This would be very useful for low income groups as they can
build equity and establish payment capability track record for availing of home
loans.

LEGAL CONSTRAINTS

21. A major feature of the Indian urbanization process is its non-uniform
geographical spread. While smaller cities and towns are fast emerging as centre
of demand, the pressure on existing four metros remains enormous. A crucial
factor behind this tendency is the barrier for major players in real estate in
tapping the vast land potential in rural areas reinforced by poor enforcement of
laws against encroachment of public lands as well as lack of clear titles to
private lands causing an artificial scarcity of land in rural areas. Another
major issue is absence of large scale digitization of land records and the easy
access to such records for checking titles/ encumbrances.

22. The dynamics between rural and urban housing demand is also different with
housing in rural India still largely for own use rather than for sale and
resale. A possible reason for this, among other things, could be the problem of
transferring ownership rights. As we reach limits to urbanization in metros,
rural areas should increasingly come under the focus of real estate development
and we would require strong legal framework to prevent the bottlenecks.

ROLE AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF STAKEHOLDERS

23. Given the dimensions of the problem and various constraints that affect a
viable and sustainable solution, well-coordinated and concerted effort on the
part of all the stakeholders, including the private sector, is required. This
will ensure that all segments of the population genuinely aspiring to own a
house are effectively catered to without of course compromising on financial
stability and ecological balance. Efforts of regulators and government/
government bodies to tackle this colossal housing shortage will have limited
impact until and unless the private sector joins hands to meet the challenge.

COMMERCIAL BANKS AND HFCS

24. The Indian banking sector has an expansive reach and is well geared to serve
all segments of the society, including the underprivileged. The banking sector
has been actively involved in lending to the housing sector with an outstanding
of Rs. 3786 billion as on December 30, 2011, which is an increase of Rs. 410.10
billion (12.10 percent) over the previous corresponding year. The housing loan
portfolios of HFCs registered a growth of 21.71 percent during 2010-11. This was
comparatively higher than 15 percent growth reported by commercial banks (Tables
II & III).

Omitted Tables II & III (the document can be viewed at URL:
http://www.rbi.org.in/scripts/BS_SpeechesView.aspx?Id=688)

25. The housing loan portfolio of any financial institution is a product of two
variables-number of accounts and loan outstanding per borrower. It has been
observed that there has been a noticeable slowdown in the growth of the
portfolio (Tables IV& V). One plausible reason is that post-crisis, banks have
realised that while the demand for housing loans is tremendous, there is no
substitute for prudent lending policies. This probably explains the slowdown in
the growth rate of number of accounts. Another reason which has affected the
demand has been the rising prices of property and prevalence of relatively high
rate of interest in the context of high inflation rates.

Omitted Tables IV & V (the document can be viewed at URL:
http://www.rbi.org.in/scripts/BS_SpeechesView.aspx?Id=688)

26. It is encouraging to note that the share of HFCs in the Indian housing
market has been exhibiting a rising trend. Looking ahead, HFCs are likely to
gain sufficient experience in the sector and would be able to maintain their
market share on the strength of their focused approach, targeting of special
customer segments and relatively superior customer service. This in a way would
pave for constructive competitive environment as traditional lenders like banks
would need to tap their extensive network and broad customer base more
effectively and at the same time maintain the priority sector lending targets.

27. In order to remain competitive, both commercial banks and the HFCs need to
realize that a customer seeking a housing loan does not just require finance -
they also need ancillary services and hand-holding like loan counseling, legal
advice, etc. Selling a loan product is a small step in the process of making
affordability of housing a reality; bigger leaps by way of encouraging deeper
financial inclusion coupled with financial literacy is the need of the hour.

28. Re-engineering of the existing business models is extremely essential given
the fact that a large number of the targeted and potential customers are
possibly financially excluded. Assessment of the customers and their credit
requirement can be achieved more effectively by adopting a field based approach,
such as, using surrogates, triangulation and building up knowledge about the
customer. Banks and HFCs have to provide innovative products to the sector and
work in close collaboration with the other stakeholders in the industry. They
also need to adopt different appraisal and risk management methods for low
ticket housing loans.

MICRO FINANCE INSTITUTIONS (MFIS)

29. In the wake of micro-finance revolution in India, housing micro-finance has
assumed a lot of importance and has potential of having notable impact on the
stakeholders engaged in the mission for affordable housing. Microfinance has the
potential to enable small borrowers to start planning for a house and arranging
requisite resource for it. At the same time, these institutions can have an
impact on the household decision making, portfolio diversification of lenders,
expansion of housing sector and growth of the local economy as a whole.

30. Microfinance for housing is believed to progressively upgrade poor families'
homes. Such upgradation would include improving existing rooms, adding a room,
or installing water or electricity. Based on their credit history microfinance
for housing should be designed for the low-income households who wish to expand
or improve their dwellings or build a home in incremental steps, relying on
small loans raised over a period of time. It has to be a sustainable approach
suited to the needs of the low-income market.

31. MFIs are considered to be the next best alternative for financing the EWS
and LIG category. MFIs, however, face challenges which prevent them from
extending housing loans. The challenges are primarily due to the longer period
of housing loans (typically between five to seven years minimum, if not more) as
against usual micro loans of one to two years duration and due to the larger
amount of loan compared to usual micro loans extended by MFIs. Typically, a
house, particularly in the urban areas, will be about '1 lakh, whereas when MFIs
extend livelihood finance, between ' 10,000 to ' 35,000. If they have to lend to
a significant number of people, the amount to be loaned has to increase
substantially. This can lead to problem for MFIs. Another problem with the MFIs
is of availability of finance and ensuring regular collection of larger
installments from the borrowers. Recognising the importance of community-based
financial institutions as delivery mechanisms for housing finance to the
financially excluded, the NHB has initiated a housing microfinance programme by
way of financial assistance to the MFIs. The programme is based on an integrated
habitat and partnership approach with customised product intervention aimed at
supplementing various other financial sector interventions.

PRIVATE SECTOR STAKEHOLDERS

32. Today, technological innovations have transformed the conventional style of
trade and commerce. There are numerous examples which reflect that with adoption
of technology, the end-product can be highly improvised and made affordable to
all segments of customers. Some of the best examples would be the rapid
technological innovation in the mobile telephone industry, marketing innovation
in consumer non-durable sector, etc. It is high time that the real estate sector
also invests resources for more research and development to enable construction
of environment friendly, low cost houses. It is important to realize that the
terrain of our country, climatic conditions of regions, economic conditions of
people and the intensity of the problem changes as we traverse across the
country. A search for one technology fits all would not be viable and
practically feasible.

33. One model which could be considered and developed is the hub and spoke model
for enhancing rural housing construction. The 'hub' of the service could be
located in a district/ taluka headquarters and the services into rural/interior
areas are provided by local rural centres i.e. the 'spokes'. The hubs will be
the centre, say, for pre-fabrication of semi-finished structures for housing and
skilled labour and will provide men & material to the spokes. This will ensure
scale of economies in technologically innovative and homogenous low cost housing
to the rural centres.

NATIONAL HOUSING BANK (NHB)

34. NHB was setup with an objective of channelizing long-term finance to
individual households, thereby proving the much needed impetus to the housing
sector. NHB acts as a principal agency to promote housing finance institutions
both at local and regional levels and also provides financial and other support
to such institutions. The year 2010-11 has been an important year for the NHB as
it had crossed Rs. 120 billion loan disbursements, of which approximately 50
percent was for rural housing, during the financial year. Since inception, NHB
has been supporting the housing finance companies and during the year 2010-11,
over 50 such companies had a portfolio of over Rs. 1100 billion**. One of its
flagship projects is the Golden Jubilee Rural Housing Finance Scheme which aims
at the rural households. The scheme offers a platform for easier access to
housing finance to enable an individual in the rural area to either build a
house or improve the existing house**. The initial success of the scheme can be
gauged from the fact that over 3 million dwelling units have been financed.

35. NHB is also playing a significant role in creating market infrastructure for
housing finance and has made efforts in plugging the demand supply gaps,
particularly for the low and moderate income households in urban and rural
areas. It had led initiative in developing the secondary mortgage market and the
standards for securitisation market in the country. The Bank is also leading the
initiative for setting up a Government-sponsored Credit Guarantee Trust Fund for
low income housing in close collaboration with the Ministry of Housing, Govt of
India, and for setting up a Mortgage Guarantee Company in partnership with other
Internatial Financial Institutions.

GOVERNMENT/ GOVERNMENT BODIES

36. The Government policies have remained geared towards alleviating poverty
with a host of direct intervention programmes. The early eighties was the period
of shift in the policy orientation from the exclusive focus on nutrition based
approach towards poverty to cover broader perspectives of providing affordable
housing to all. The Scheme of Affordable Housing in Partnership promotes various
types of public-private partnerships-of the government sector with the private
sector, the cooperative sector, the financial services sector, the state
para-statals, urban local bodies, etc. It has the potential to provide a major
stimulus to economic activities through affordable housing for creation of
employment, especially for the construction workers and other urban poor who are
likely to be amongst the most vulnerable groups in during the economic
downturns.

37. Government bodies can consider single window clearance mechanism for the
purpose of further simplifying the approval processes for low cost affordable
housing alongwith reconsideration of the taxation policies. The public agencies
and the state and local governments should work to bring efficiency in land
market, approval processes, provision of efficient infrastructure and
egovernance viz. introducing electronic record for land and bringing in more
transparency in the record of land and houses, etc. It will add good value if
the financing agencies can also connect into these developments and together
drive the reforms at the state and local levels. In order to meet the enormous
needs of the housing sector, short cuts through the subsidy approach are no
longer sustainable over the long period. As subsidy based approach cannot be
stretched beyond a point, a more viable and sustainable strategy has to be
evolved. There is, therefore, a need for having a market oriented mechanism to
meet the challenge of the affordable housing sector.

STATE GOVERNMENTS

38. In the entire process for creating an enabling environment for affordable
housing, the role of State Government is extremely critical. State Governments
may contemplate forging Public-Private Partnerships to ensure a fair return on
investment to the private land owners/ developers through guided development and
availability of serviced sites for allotment to low income families at
affordable prices. Incentives and provision of infrastructure can induce private
sector entrepreneurs to invest in housing including that for the poor. It can
consider measures to control the spiralling increase of land prices and curb
speculative activities for developing land and also check unregulated and
environmentally damaging land development activities. Another aspect which may
be considered is the promotion of high density housing in selected areas in
cities through appropriate amendments to zoning and land use regulations. This
may obviate the necessity of costly land acquisition and avoid high
infrastructure costs. State Governments may also revisit the current provision
of tenancy rights and promote rental housing by creating a balance between the
interests of the landowner and the tenant. This will pave the way for supply of
rental housing at affordable rents and act as an incentive for people to build
houses for themselves and for others.

RESERVE BANK OF INDIA

39. The supportive policy of the Reserve Bank of India and enabling fiscal
regime has together contributed to the growth and expansion in the housing
market. As regulators of the banking system, it is, however, important for the
Reserve Bank of India to remain cautious against imprudent practices for short
term gains. The current focus of its regulations is to ensure orderly growth of
housing loan portfolios of banks. The policy orientation of the Reserve Bank,
simply put, is to ensure and promote inclusive growth without adversely
impacting the equilibrium of financial stability. Reserve Bank remains
supportive of initiatives of the stakeholders as long as the programmes of
affordable houses for all do not lead to structural damages to the financial
eco-system.

40. Alongwith the Government, SEBI, Reserve Bank's endeavors have been to
develop a deep and vibrant debt market including for mortgage securities in a
calibrated manner so as to ease financing pressures on the banks and also to
provide an alternate avenue for raising long term resources. Reserve Bank has
permitted investments by banks in mortgage backed securities subject to certain
conditions. We are also constantly reviewing existing policy framework including
those governing the priority sector lending to ensure that the bank credit to
these sectors remain growing, smooth and uninterrupted.

41. Reserve Bank has been using pre-emptive countercyclical provisioning and
differential risk weights-supplemented by varying loan to value (LTV) ratios -
to contain excessive credit growth to sectors which show signs of risk build-up.
In order to prevent excessive leveraging, the Reserve Bank had advised banks in
December 2010 that the LTV ratio should not exceed 80 percent in respect of
housing loans. However, for small value housing loans, i.e., housing loans up to
'2 million LTV ratio was prescribed at a higher maximum level of 90 percent.
Further, the risk weight for residential housing loans of higher amounts, i.e.
'7.50 million and above, irrespective of the LTV ratio, has been prescribed at
125 percent to prevent excessive speculation in the high value housing segment.

42. In the recent past, it was observed that some banks were following the
practice of sanctioning housing loans at teaser rates, i.e., at comparatively
lower rates of interest in the first few years, after which rates are reset at
higher rates. This practice raised concern as some borrowers may find it
difficult to service the loans once the normal interest rate, which is higher
than the rate applicable in the initial years, becomes effective. It was also
observed that many banks, at the time of initial loan appraisal, were not taking
into account the repaying capacity of the borrower at normal lending rates.
Therefore, in view of the higher risk associated with such loans, the standard
asset provisioning on the outstanding amount had been increased from 0.40
percent to 2.00 percent with effect from December 23, 2010. The provisioning on
these assets would revert to 0.40 percent after one year from the date on which
the rates are reset at higher rates if the accounts remain 'standard'. Since
restructuring of an account is normally indicative of some problem in the
account, it was decided in November 2008 that restructured housing loans should
be risk weighted with an additional risk weight i.e. 25 percentage points over
the risk weights normally applicable to the account.

43. Although some of these prudential norms appear to be restrictive for growth
of the housing finance sector, it needs to be kept in view that they are
essential for sustainable and orderly development of the sector as they are
meant to address macro-prudential concerns of financial stability.

WAY FORWARD

44. The desire for a safe and secure home is timeless and universal. The twin
problems of affordability and accessibility that impede the progress of housing
in our country need to be addressed on a sustainable basis. For this, it would
be desirable for the governments to withdraw from direct participation in the
housing and housing finance sector and instead they need to take on the role as
facilitators to create the enabling environment to encourage greater private
sector participation. Further efforts of the government are required to
strengthen foreclosure laws, land records need to be computerised and archaic
land laws, especially rental laws, need a complete overhaul. Steps, such as,
digitization of land records, linking of central regulations with state
regulations, encouraging credit bureaus, introducing mortgage insurance,
allowing real estate mutual funds and creating a favourable environment to
facilitate foreign direct investment in housing for genuine and needy customers
will help stimulate the housing finance sector.

45. Currently, the real estate sector is largely unregulated with consumers
often unable to procure complete information or enforce accountability on
builders and developers in the absence of effective regulation. In order to plug
the gap, the Central Government has proposed to establish the Real Estate
Regulatory Authority in each state with specified functions, powers, and
responsibilities. The objective is to ensure regulation and planned development
in the real estate sector. Once these authorities are established, they should
act as the nodal agency to co-ordinate efforts regarding development of the real
estate sector and render necessary advice to the appropriate government agencies
to ensure growth and promotion of a transparent, efficient and competitive real
estate sector and also establish resolution mechanisms for settling disputes
between the builders/ promoters and the allottees/ buyers.

46. There is also a felt need for the institutions involved in the financing of
housing sector to consider developing segment specific credit products to enable
more people to afford a house. One such product could be savings induced home
loan or a home loan deposit. The willing consumers may be induced to generate a
savings balance by way of monthly or periodic deposits. This will enable
creation of a track record for repayment of a future home loan product. Once the
customer reaches a threshold balance, the financial institutions can consider
sanctioning of a housing loan. The balance in the account could act as
collateral or the margin. The amount deposited every month would act as the base
to assess the repayment capacity of the customer for the purpose of calculating
the monthly repayment installments.

47. The credit risks originating in the housing sector, particularly low ticket
housing segment, should also be internalized through proper insurance schemes
for banks and other lenders. The various stakeholders should aim at timely
completion of projects, delivery of houses/ flats to target segments without
cost escalations and with valid titles and all necessary clearances.

48. In short, a comprehensive and holistic approach involving easy availability
of land, accessible financing, supportive legal framework and innovative
technology is required for making housing affordable for all. I am sure that
this conference will generate meaningful discussions and pave way for innovative
thinking and policy inputs to make housing affordable and available to all.

This document has footnote and can be viewed at
http://www.rbi.org.in/scripts/BS_SpeechesView.aspx?Id=688

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2012 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             575 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Wanneroo Times (Perth, Australia)

                           December 13, 2011 Tuesday
                                   1 Edition

Rezoning plan goes to City

SECTION: Pg. 7

LENGTH: 316  words


A PROPOSAL to rezone land on Sydney Road, Wangara, which includes the Gnangara
Nyoongah Community camp and private properties, will be presented at the
Wanneroo City Council meeting tonight.

The proposal outlined in the agenda would see about 105ha west of Sydney Road
rezoned from rural to industrial to extend the Wangara industrial area.

At the briefing on December 6, the Citys planning and sustainability director
Len Kosova said the proposed extension of the industrial area could potentially
yield about 3000 jobs.

Cr Alan Blencowe asked which parts of the land belonged to Aboriginal Lands
Trust, and whether the Trust was willing to give it up, which Mr Kosova
confirmed it was.

Wanneroo MLA Paul Miles told the Times the proposal could have benefits for all
parties involved.

The Trust will utilise funds realised from development of the land for a range
of community-building purposes to benefit the wider Nyoongah community,
including education and training, employment, business loans and housing
assistance for instance, shared equity schemes, Mr Miles said.

The Gnangara Aboriginal Cemetery on the site will be vested in and administered
by the Metropolitan Cemeteries Board.

Mr Miles said rezoning the land would help address a shortage of industrial land
in the northern corridor and improve local employment prospects, and 19ha of
bushland would be added to the Bush Forever area.

Gnangara residents on Rural or Special Rural blocks would benefit from the
clean-up of the land and the retention of the existing bush to create a buffer
zone, he said.

Annual council rates generated from the proposed rezoning would be approximately
$1.6 to $2 million.

Cr Brett Treby raised concerns at the briefing that a special rural zone east of
Sydney Road would be separated from other special rural areas.

Mr Kosova said it would be separated, but also fringed along the east by another
Bush Forever area.

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CWT


                   Copyright 2011 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             576 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       The Daily Record (Baltimore, MD.)

                         September 15, 1999, Wednesday

BYLINE: By Heather Lynch; Daily Record Business Writer

SECTION: Pg.  1A

LENGTH: 541 words


After a 10-month delay, Baltimore City will receive $ 6 million in federal
funding to turn a petroleum-soaked, 73-acre site -- the largest single ownership
property in the city -- into an industrial park off Boston Street in Canton.
   The Maryland Economic Development Corp. (MEDCO) and the Baltimore Development
Corp. (BDC), the city's quasi-private economic development arm, will receive a $
975,000 Brownfields Economic Development Initiative (BEDI) Grant from the
federal Housing and Urban Development Department and a $ 5 million federal loan
to prepare the site for development into the Chesapeake Business Center.     But
before Exxon Corp.'s former oil distribution site can boast a 1.3
million-square-foot industrial business park, MEDCO and BDC will have to buy the
land from Exxon, clean it, clear it and remove the existing oil tanks, as well
as develop the infrastructure, according to Andrew B. Frank, executive vice
president of the BDC.     The proposed 80-acre Chesapeake Business Center would
have more than a dozen buildings and create 1,500 jobs. The additional seven
acres are owned by the city and will be incorporated into the park. It will be
modeled after the 20-year-old Holabird Business Park, which spans 220 acres and
employs 2,500 people in 45 businesses.     "The Chesapeake Business Center is
part of the city's overall economic development strategy to combine city, state,
federal and private resources to improve and expand the supply of
development-ready land in the city for new business opportunities," said M.J,
"Jay" Brodie, president of the BDC.      Including the purchase of the property,
cleanup and site preparation, the project is expected to have a $ 15.5 million
pricetag. The first phase is expected to be the costliest: $ 13.3 million to
develop a 28-acre site with access to Boston and Newkirk streets.     Another $
500,000 of the funding will go to businesses that locate in the park and employ
residents of the nearby east Baltimore Empowerment Zone. An additional $ 150,000
will be give to businesses which employ welfare recipients.     Frank said he
expects to complete the sale of the property early next year and to begin on-
site preparation in the fall of 2000.     The ground water is saturated with
petroleum, he said, and Exxon is bringing trucks in to pump it out of the ground
for reuse elsewhere.     With its close proximity to Interstate 95 off Boston
Street, the idea to redevelop the land came soon after Exxon vacated it in 1998,
Frank said.     Belt's Corp. of Baltimore made an unsolicited bid to construct
two distribution centers of 230,000 square feet and 180,000 square feet on a
28-acre parcel. Frank said P.F. Obrecht & Sons also is looking at the project.
The BDC will examine bids and select a developer, Frank said.     The project
was stalled in November after it was denied a $ 3 million BEDI grant as part of
a $ 25 million competition to give away Section 108 loans, which allow
municipalities to borrow against future block grant loans. Frank said his team
received a lower score because the ratio of BEDI funds to Section 108 funds -- $
3 million in BEDI funds for $ 5 million in Section 108 loans -- was not high
enough.

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1999 The Daily Record Co.


                             577 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                  SEPTEMBER 29, 2004 Wednesday CITY-C EDITION

Building gets go-ahead at old mill site;
Phoenix Property Group and the county settled the
deal's $6 million financing after a 15-month delay.

BYLINE: Reid Kanaley INQUIRER STAFF WRITER

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS PHILADELPHIA & ITS SUBURBS; Pg. B05

LENGTH: 516 words


Chester County officials and a private developer say they have reached a
tentative agreement that clears the way for construction of a long-delayed
office building considered a keystone to the redevelopment of downtown
Phoenixville.

The proposed $5 million, 35,000-square-foot Gateway building at Bridge and Starr
Streets, on the edge of the former Phoenix Steel plant property, would be the
first of its kind in Phoenixville for decades.

The project has been in limbo for the last 15 months as the county's Office of
Housing and Community Development and builder Phoenix Property Group hashed out
terms of a $6 million federal loan and grant package.

Those terms - now part of an "approval letter" signed last week by the county
and Phoenix Property - still must be reviewed by the federal Department of
Housing and Urban Development - the source of the funds - and the Chester County
commissioners, who support the project.

The money includes a $2 million grant for environmental cleanup, and $4 million
in low-interest loans for commercial redevelopment of old industrial sites.

In part, the county sought, and won, assurances that the building would serve as
collateral for the $4 million loan portion of the federal money, according to
Gary Smith, executive director of the Chester County Economic Development
Council, a quasi-government agency that helped the county negotiate with Phoenix
Property Group.

"We're proud to say we've got a deal with the developers that we feel
comfortable with," Smith said.

Phoenix Property spokesman John MacPhee said he expected the HUD review to be
completed as early as this week, and final county action within weeks of a HUD
approval.

"We're going to start construction immediately upon settlement with the county,"
MacPhee said. "We're not going to delay. We've been ready to build this building
since May, and at this juncture I'm eager to get in the ground."

MacPhee, Smith, and other county officials declined to discuss the agreement in
more detail, pending the final approvals.

MacPhee said $1 million of grant money, and $2 million in government-backed
loans would go toward the $5 million office building, with the balance paid
through a construction loan from Citizens Bank. The remaining $3 million in
public financing will go toward construction of a shopping center, also on the
old Phoenix Steel property, which the developer has named French Creek Center.

In addition, Phoenix Property last week presented the Phoenixville Planning
Commission with plans for a 253-unit development of townhouses, condominiums and
apartments on the steel site.

MacPhee said yesterday that he hopes to begin constructing the residential units
by the summer of 2005.

Don Edwards, the Phoenixville borough manager and engineer, said yesterday that
the delay in the Gateway project had not left him overly concerned. "I wasn't
worried," he said. "These things often have bumps in the road, and take some
time."

Contact staff writer Reid Kanaley at 610-701-7637 or rkanaley@phillynews.com.

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2004 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             578 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                            August 2, 2007 Thursday
                                  YORK Edition

York agency builds new home for man in need;
North Berwick man was living in house in need of replacing, not just repairs

BYLINE: DEBORAH SAYER News Assistant

SECTION: YOUR NEIGHBORS; Pg. E1

LENGTH: 446 words


Forty years ago, George Hanson, of North Berwick, built a home for his young
family with his own two hands.

At age 68, a widower and with his children now grown and gone, Hanson needed
help keeping that same roof over his own head. He recently got it when the York
County Community Action Corp. stepped in to build him a new house.

The saga began nearly four years ago when Hanson approached YCCAC officials
seeking home heating oil assistance. Retired and living on a limited income, he
wasn't looking for a handout, just some help in staying warm that winter. But
officials at the agency soon discovered Hanson was living in substandard
conditions in a dwelling that needed replacing rather than repairing.

''He needed a whole new house,'' said Chris LaRoche, YCCAC Housing Program
coordinator, who said the building was structurally unsound, with portions of it
uninhabitable.

LaRoche said securing services and funding to complete the project proved to be
a delicate balancing act. His agency worked to secure low interest loans, grants
and community services, many of which placed specific restrictions on
availability. The project faced obstacles right into the 11th hour and was
nearly derailed when one $10,000 financial piece fell through 24 hours before
the closing date.

In the end, all the pieces came together with the YCCAC pooling their resources
to secure Hanson a 1 percent, 30-year mortgage through the U.S. Department of
Agriculture. The project was partially funded by a number of community
development block grants and services including from Kennebunk Savings Bank,
Rural Development, the Maine Realtors Foundation, the Maine State Housing
Authority Home Repair Network, People's Regional Opportunity Program, the town
of North Berwick and U.S. Sen. Susan Collins. Hard Core Construction owner Lance
Gallant of Sanford finished the job for a fraction of the cost.

Once funding was secured, construction on the site began in earnest with Hanson
moving in with family members as excavation crews razed the original homestead,
installed a new septic system and well and built the 450-square-foot,
energy-efficient, Bungalow-style home.

On July 17, Hanson gathered with family, friends and well-wishers at the 54
Schoolhouse Road property to celebrate the completion of his new abode and the
kindness and services of those whose efforts made the project possible.

''The real hero here is Jennifer Gordon, who managed this whole case for
Community Action,'' said LaRoche. ''Despite many obstacles, she never gave up on
the project, breaking down all the barriers to make it happen.''


News Assistant Deborah Sayer can be reached at 282-8228 or e-mail

dsayer@pressherald.com

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos courtesy Brad Bohan
George Hanson's new home is a 450-square-foot bungalow-style, energy efficient
house.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2007 Blethen Maine Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             579 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                            February 1, 2013 Friday

BAAH offers mobile home loans

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 197 words


Friday February 1, 2013

BRATTLEBORO -- Brattleboro Area Affordable Housing is offering a low-cost loan
program to help Tri-Park residents make their homes more safe, habitable,
energy-efficient, code-compliant or saleable.

The program is in collaboration with River Valley Credit Union, which was
partially guarantee them up to 70 percent or a maximum of $1,750.

The initial guarantee fund is being provided by the Thomspon Trust.

Eighty-eight percent of the mobile homes in Brattleboro are on rented lots in
Tri-Park, the cooperative that owns Mountain Home, Glen and Black Mountain
Parks.

The majority of the homes in Tri-Park predate a 1976 HUD code that prohibits the
owners from receiving normal mortgage financing. USDA's Rural Repair and Rehab
program offers help on easy terms, but low-income limits disqualify many home
owners.

Loans guaranteed by BAAH can used for general repairs or improvements,
energy-efficiency projects and site and installation upgrades.

Improvements can make the home more habitable, reduce energy costs, extend the
life of the home and possibly make flood insurance available.

For more information, call Joan Benneyan, project coordinator, at 802-254-1246.

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2013 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             580 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                   The Hindu

                              March 4, 2016 Friday

Towards the right balance

LENGTH: 704  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, March 4 -- The Union Budget 2016-17 has struck a fine balance between
being 'populist' and 'reformist.'' From a real estate sector standpoint, almost
all segments - from housing to investments in SEZs and retail - are expected to
benefit. From the expectation of the industry vis-a-vis the budget announcement,
here are the key provisions:


 1. Industry expected implementation of investor-friendly REITs by removal of
Dividend Distribution Tax (DDT): The Budget announcement revealed that any
distribution made out of income of SPV to the REIT will not be subjected to DDT.

 2. Increased outlay for infrastructure sector, promote private sector
involvement in infrastructure creation: The infrastructure sector has received a
record allocation of approximately Rs. 2,21, 000 crore for roads, highways and
railways in the Budget; increased focus on upgradation of ports and
unused/underused airports and airstrips to improve regional connectivity; a new
credit rating system for infrastructure projects, which emphasises various
in-built credit enhancement structures; a Public Utility Bill is to be
introduced to streamline institutional arrangements for resolution of disputes
in infrastructure-related construction contracts, PPP and public utility
contracts; guidelines to be introduced for re-negotiation of PPP contracts
keeping in view the long-term nature of such contracts.
 3. Promotion of ease of doing business in real estate sector: No specific
proposal was laid out for the sector to address long approval processes and
multiplicity of authorities resulting in project delays.
 4. Clarity on urban infrastructure schemes: The Budget clearly laid emphasis on
infrastructure development, but the focus was more accentuated towards
development of rural infrastructure and strengthening the road and rail network
of the country.
 5. Promotion of affordable housing: 100% service tax exemption for construction
of affordable housing under any scheme of the Central or State Government,
including PPP schemes. 100% deduction on profits for undertaking building
housing upto 30 sq.m for top four metros and upto 60 sq.m for smaller cities,
provided these are approved from June 2016 to March 2019 and completed during
the three-year period post approval. Excise duty exemption, presently available
to concrete mix manufactured at site for use in construction work, has been
extended to ready mix concrete.
 Additionally, all those who do not own a house and do not get HRA benefit from
the employer will get Rs. 24,000 HRA support to compensate for the rent they
pay. The current limit of HRA deduction has also been increased from Rs. 24,000
to Rs. 60,000.
 6. Clarity on sunset clause for exemptions to SEZs: Sunset date for exemption
of fiscal incentives to SEZ occupiers has been pushed forward from March 2017 to
March 2020.
 7. Home loan interest rates and individual tax slabs: While nothing in
particular was announced on home loan interest rates, additional tax deduction
has been provided on interest on home loans.
 For first time home buyers, housing loan interest rebate increased by Rs.
50,000 per annum, provided loan is up to Rs. 35 lakh for house value not
exceeding Rs. 50 lakh.
 8. Clarity on pending legislations: No clarity was provided on legislations
such as the Real Estate (Regulatory & Development) Amendment (RERA) or land
acquisition bill.
 The long pending demand of the industry to be granted infrastructure status was
still not given.
 While the Budget has had many provisions that are positive for the real estate
sector, certain key aspects remained untouched. The Budget remained tight-lipped
on the implementation of the Goods and Services Tax (GST), for instance, which
is a key legislation impacting the logistics sector. No clarity on the RERA or
the land acquisition bill was also a sentiment dampener.
 On the retail front, the industry was anticipating a relaxation in FDI norms
for multi-brand retail; however, no clarification was provided.
 Keeping the larger picture in mind, however, the Budget has been a positive one
and with certain key issues having been addressed, it is likely to boost the
sentiment around the real estate sector.
 (The author is CEO-Asia Pacific, Vestian)

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                             581 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 11, 2017 Wednesday

FR-6000-FA-08 Announcement of Funding Awards; Rural Capacity Building for
Community Development and Affordable Housing Program; Fiscal Year (FY) 2016

LENGTH: 873  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington, DC:  This Notice document was issued by the Department of Housing
and Urban Development (HUD)





  Action

  Announcement of funding awards.

  Summary

  In accordance with Section 102(a)(4)(C) of the Department of Housing and Urban
Development Reform Act of 1989, this announcement notifies the public of funding
decisions made by the Department in a competition for funding under the FY 2016
Notice of Funding Availability (NOFA) for the Rural Capacity Building for
Community Development and Affordable Housing Program. This announcement contains
the names and addresses of the award recipients under said NOFA.



  For Further Information Contact

  Steven K. Washington, Director, Office of Policy Development and Coordination,
Office of Community Planning and Development, U.S. Department of Housing and
Urban Development, 451 7th Street SW., Room 7140, Washington, DC 20410, or email
capacitybuilding@hud.gov Telephone number (202) 402-4142 (this is not a
toll-free number). Persons with hearing or speech impairments may access this
number via TTY by calling the toll-free Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339.


  Supplementary Information

  As authorized by the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2016 (Pub. L. 114-113,
approved December 18, 2015, the purpose of the Rural Capacity Building for
Community Development and Affordable Housing program is to fund capacity
building activities performed by national rural housing organizations. Through
this program, grants are made to eligible organizations to then provide
training, education, support and advice to enhance the technical and
administrative capabilities of rural housing development organizations,
Community Development Corporations (CDCs), Community Housing Development
Organizations (CHDOs), local governments and Indian tribes. Eligible
organizations are defined in the NOFA as a national, non-profit entity or
consortium that has on-going experience in rural housing in five or more HUD
regions.

  Grants may be used by eligible organizations (grantees) to assist rural
organizations to improve their capacity to participate in local, regional and
State planning processes such as those for the Consolidated Plan, fair housing
plan and the Continuum of Care for homeless assistance. Grantees will also help
rural community organizations to build their capacity to evaluate performance,
work broadly with the community, cooperatively plan for the use of available
resources, and to link plans with neighboring communities in order to foster
regional planning. Eligible activities to accomplish these purposes include
making loans, pass-through grants, development assistance, predevelopment
assistance, or other financial assistance to rural housing organizations, CDCs,
CHDOs, local governments, and Indian tribes. Community development and
affordable housing activities must benefit low-income and low- and
moderate-income families and persons, for both housing and economic development
activities. Finally, other activities as determined by the grantees in
consultation with the HUD Secretary or his or her designee, may be allowed.

  The FY 2016 awards announced in this Notice were selected for funding in a
NOFA competition posted on the http://www.grants.gov Web site on July 15, 2016
for $5,000,000. Applications were received by the deadline from twelve
organizations and eight of those applications passed the initial threshold
review. Those eight applications were reviewed using criteria identified in the
FY2016 NOFA, with a minimum score of 75 required for funding consideration. Six
of the eight applications exceeded the minimum score and were selected for
funding as outlined in Appendix A.


   Dated: January 4, 2017.

   Harriet Tregoning,

   Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development.


  Appendix A



    FY2016 Rural Capacity Building for Community Development and Affordable
Housing Awards



      Applicant name

      Contact

      Award amount





      Rural Community Assistance Corp

      Stanley Keasling, Chief Executive Director, 3120 Freeboard Drive, Suite
201, Sacramento, CA 95691-5010

      $1,174,365



      National Association for Latino Community Asset Builders

      Noel Poyo, Executive Director, 5404 Wurzbach Road, San Antonio, TX 78238

      1,000,000



      Minnesota Housing Partnership

      Rosemary Fagrelius, Housing Development Director, 2446 University Avenue
West, Suite 140, Saint Paul, MN 55114

      978,791



      Housing Assistance Council

      Moises Loza, Executive Director,1025 Vermont Ave. NW., Washington, DC
20005

      778,923



      Collaborative Solutions, Inc

      Russell Bennett, Executive Director, P.O. Box 130159, Birmingham, AL
35213-0159

      567,921



      Economic Consultants for Housing Opportunities, Inc

      Linda Brockway, President, 6810 S. Cedar St., Suite #15, Lansing, MI
48911-6909

      500,000




 [FR Doc. 2017-00432 Filed 1-10-17; 8:45 am]
 BILLING CODE 4210-67-P


 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             582 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                             July 17, 2007, Tuesday

Bulletin board

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. P2C

LENGTH: 264 words


FUTURE EVENTS

First State Bank will hold a First-Time Home Buyer seminar at 6:30 p.m. on
Thursday at the Barboursville Community Center. A representative from the USDA
will share information on guaranteed rural housing and the defined USDA zones.
Bank employees can answer questions, pre-qualify home buyers and talk about the
mortgage loan process. Refreshments and prize drawings will be featured. The
bank will hold a similar seminar at 6:30 p.m. July 24 at the Winfield Lions
Club. The event will feature food, prizes and the same information. For
information, contact Mavel Nelson at 302-6022 or (800) 482-7640 or
maveln@fsb-wv.com

Kanawha Valley Astronomical Society will hold a meeting at 7:30 p.m. Friday at
Mathes Hall, behind St. Matthews Church in South Hills. A program will be
offered. For information, visit the Web site at www.kvas.org or call Rodney
Waugh at 776-2613. The meeting is open to the public.

Pocahontas County Democratic Executive Committee Public Forum series continues
at 7 p.m. Friday at the McClintic Library in Marlinton. Rachel Tompkins,
president of the National Rural School and Community Trust, will lead the
discussion on funding problems of rural educational systems.

Items for Bulletin Board may be submitted by mail to The Charleston Gazette,
1001 Virginia St. E., Charleston, WV 25301, or faxed to (304) 348-1233. Notices
will be run one time free. Please include a contact person and daytime phone
number. Information will not be taken by phone. Bulletin Board listings for the
past week can be found on the Web at www.wvgazette.com/bulletin.html.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Charleston Newspapers


                             583 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               New Indian Express

                            August 6, 2014 Wednesday

Complete Infra Projects on Time, Govt Tells Agencies

LENGTH: 365 words

DATELINE: BHUBANESWAR


BHUBANESWAR, Aug. 6 -- The State Government has directed the agencies
implementing infrastructure projects under the National Cyclone Risk Mitigation
Project (NCRMP) to complete the work on time.Even as World Bank has sanctioned
funds for construction of 153 cyclone shelters in six coastal districts with a
stipulation to complete the projects by October 2016, the State Government is
yet to award the contracts for the projects.

The fund was sanctioned under NCRMP. This was over and above 168 cyclone
shelters already sanctioned by the Centre for coastal districts.

A recent review of the projects stated that bids for 85 cyclone shelters have
been finalised. Preliminary work of many of the projects have not started.

The Centre is reported to have warned the State Government that World Bank may
not release the funds if the projects are not completed by October 2016.

The State Government has instructed the Rural Development Department to ensure
that the projects are completed in time.

The Centre signed a loan agreement with World Bank for an assistance of $ 153
million (about Rs 920 crore) for the Odisha Disaster Recovery Project.

The objective of the project is to restore and improve housing and public
services in targeted communities of the State and increase the capacity of the
State entities to respond promptly and effectively to calamities.

Direct beneficiaries of the project include the coastal areas in Ganjam, Puri
and Khurdha affected by the cyclone that will be part of the housing
reconstruction programme.

The World Bank has also agreed to support for construction of approach roads to
the cyclone shelters as additional finance under NCRMP.

The project relates to structural interventions for cyclone risk mitigation and
includes construction of multipurpose cyclone shelters and approach roads at the
selected sites within 10 kms of the coastline of six districts of Balasore,
Bhadrak, Kendrapara, Jagatsinghpur, Puri and Ganjam, and Chilika lagoon Khurdha
and Nayagarh.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from New Indian Express. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2014 Expressbuzz.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             584 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

World Bank Sets $353 Million Loans

                             May 19, 1981, Tuesday

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The World Bank and its affiliate for concessionary lending, the International
Development Association, have approved loans amounting to $353 million to
Brazil, Indonesia, Rumania, and Tanzania.

Brazil will carry out a water supply and sewerage project with a World Bank loan
of $180 million. In Indonesia, a $43 million World Bank loan will be used to
help finance an urban development project to provide water supply and other
urban services in nine cities and sites and services for low-cost housing in six
cities.

Rumania will receive an $80 million World Bank loan to construct irrigation and
drainage systems. An IDA credit of SDR 409 million ($50 million) to Tanzania
will finance the import of agricultural machinery and materials and vehicle
spare parts to improve the production and marketing of the country's major
export and food crops.

SECTION: Pg. 27

LENGTH: 143 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1981 American Banker, Inc.


                             585 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                         JUNE 25, 2000 Sunday D EDITION

HOUSE SPECS FOR THE FUTURE AND TRENDS OF THE PAST

BYLINE: Alan J. Heavens, INQUIRER REAL ESTATE WRITER

SECTION: REAL ESTATE; Pg. N01

LENGTH: 770 words


Nearly everyone is putting forth ideas on what the home of the future will be
like, and the National Association of Home Builders is no exception.

In a recent publication titled "Housing at the Millennium: Facts, Figures and
Trends, the association put together a list of specs for the house it believes
will be the standard in 2010.

But the association did not stop there. Its analysis features some comparisons
of price, number of houses started, and median family income for Americans in
1900, 1950 and 2000.

For example, in 1900, people typically paid cash for their houses. Long-term,
amortized loans were not available.

In 1950, the Federal Housing Administration mortgage rate was 4.25 percent. The
number of financing options remained limited.

In 2000, with a 30-year fixed interest rate about 8.6 percent, there is a large
selection of financing options.

In 1900, the typical house averaged 700 to 1,200 square feet. Each house,
usually one story, had two or three bedrooms and one or no bathrooms.

In 1950, houses were typically one story and less than 1,000 square feet. They
had one bathroom and two bedrooms.

The typical housing being built today is 2,000 square feet or more, with two
stories, three or more bedrooms, 2.5 baths, a garage for two or more cars,
central air-conditioning, and a fireplace.

In 1900, there were 16 million occupied dwelling units and 189,000 housing
starts, with 65 percent of them single-family. New-home prices averaged less
than $5,000.

In 1900, just 46.5 percent of the adult population owned houses. The median
family income was $490 a year. The population was 76 million, with 40 percent in
and around the cities and 60 percent rural.

In 1950, there were 43 million occupied housing units. About 1.95 million - 85
percent of them single-family - were built that year. The average price was
$11,000.

The homeownership rate was 55 percent. The median family income was $3,319.
There were 150 million people in the United States, 64 percent living in and
around the cities and 36 percent in rural areas.

Today, there are 107 million housing units and a homeownership rate of 67
percent. The home builders' association is projecting 1.54 million housing
starts this year, 80 percent of them single-family.

The projected average home price is $200,000. Median family income is $45,000.
The population is up to 270 million, 76 percent urban.

With a century of housing in perspective, then, what does the association think
a new house in 2010 will be like?

While acknowledging that all it has to go on is current preferences and emerging
trends, the group believes that the 2010 house will be 2,200 square feet and
have three or more bedrooms and 2.5 baths.

The 2010 garage will have room for two or more cars. The average lot size will
be about 1,000 square feet smaller than today.

Universal design will accommodate "aging in place." What this means is that
housing will be designed to accommodate changes in lifestyle and physical needs
so that people will not be forced to move.

The master bedroom and laundry will be on the first floor of the 2010 house,
which also will have more energy-efficient heating and cooling systems.

Interior designs will be more flexible and adaptable, with spaces that can be
converted easily for a variety of purposes, including home office space.

The house will have modular wiring systems, high-speed data access, and more
factory-built components that reduce on-site labor costs.

The 2010 house will feature more engineered-wood products and more steel,
concrete and recycled products.

Materials to be used on the house will require less maintenance.

The association believes that the 2010 house will be built in a neighborhood
with smaller lots and narrower streets, and that there will be a reduction of
the areas in these neighborhoods that are paved.

The communities will be mixed-use and feature neo-traditional designs.

Houses will have security systems, multiple telephone lines, and
energy-management and lighting-control systems.

The average sale price will fall between $270,000 and $280,000, the home
builders' association said.

This just in:

A study by Texas A&M University's Real Estate Center found that real estate
buyers who are scaling down want elegant smaller houses, while the rest are
demanding more and more space.

Home buyers are willing to forgo extras but want big bedrooms, kitchens and
baths, the study showed.

The trend is also toward two-story houses.

Alan J. Heavens' e-mail address is aheavens@phillynews.com

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Home Front

                  Copyright 2000 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             586 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                            April 23, 2008 Wednesday

New crop of community leaders graduate

BYLINE: For the Headlight

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 436 words


SILVER CITY   A new generation of Grant County community leaders is set to
graduate this weekend from an extensive and unusual leadership development
training program. The graduation ceremony and reception will take place at 3:30
p.m. on Saturday at Western New Mexico University's Global Resource Center. The
public is encouraged to attend.

Rural Community Assistance Corp. conducted the Grant County leadership
development program in partnership with Western New Mexico University; and with
funding provided by Wells Fargo and the U.S. Department of Health and Human
Services. RCAC has special permission to conduct the training from The Ford
Family Foundation, which developed the curriculum.

Taught over the course of four weekends in four months, the course involves 60
hours of classes that include 16 modules designed to help participants gain
skills and tools to enable them be resourceful and effective community
organizers and leaders.

As part of the training, the group conceives, designs and executes a class
project that directly benefits the Grant County area.

Leadership training class projects in other communities have included the
creation of a community Web site; the formation of a nonprofit social services
agency; community beautification programs; park renovation and improvement; a
youth summit; a street-scaping venture; and even an "artist of the month"
project designed to foster a sustainable community arts program.

The Grant County class project involves creating home safety kits for Grant
County's special populations, including the elderly.

Saturday's ceremony will include recognition of 28 graduates who are now eager
to take on a variety of community challenges and projects. Local dignitaries as
well as university and business officials will also take part in the graduation
celebration.

"Working with Grant County leaders and future leaders has been a great
experience," said RCAC leadership development trainer Jay Mashburn. "I feel
lucky to have met this group of committed and talented people who will no doubt
do great things for their communities."

Headquartered in West Sacramento, Calif., and serving 13 western states, RCAC is
a nonprofit agency providing technical assistance and training to rural
communities seeking to develop a wide range of local services including,
community facilities, affordable housing and water treatment facilities. The
organization operates a loan fund with $65 million in lending capital that
provides low-interest loans and grants to further rural communities' goals.

RCAC maintains field offices in Albuquerque, Santa Fe, Sarafina and Las Cruces.

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Members of the Grant County Leadership Development Class are preparing
for their upcoming graduation.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2008 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             587 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Times (London)

                             July 27, 2007, Friday

A &pound

SECTION: FEATURES; Scotland; Pg. 64

LENGTH: 125 words


Hundreds of thousands of extra low-cost homes are to be built in the UK,
according to the Housing Green Paper released this week.

About £ 8 billion has been set aside to help local authorities to find and
develop land for 70,000 new homes a year, 45,000 for rental and 25,000 to be
sold. Many of the new affordable homes will be in rural areas, including
villages, with the first "community land trust" schemes set up in Devon,
Cornwall, Dorset, Somerset, Shropshire and Lancashire; elsewhere, the Government
has found hundreds of former Highways Agency, British Rail and MoD sites
suitable for housing.

First-time buyers with a household income under £ 60,000 will become eligible
for a government loan of 17.5 per cent, which they can use as a deposit.

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             588 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 1, 2014 Tuesday

Agriculture, Rural Housing Service: LOAN SPECLST (RLTY) (Multi-Family Housing
Program Director) LA-2014-0019

LENGTH: 3282  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of Personnel Management has issued the following job announcement:

Job Title:LOAN SPECLST (RLTY) (Multi-Family Housing Program Director)

Department:Department Of Agriculture

Agency:Agriculture, Rural Housing Service

Job Announcement Number:LA-2014-0019
SALARY RANGE:
 $69,497.00 to $107,434.00 / Per Year
OPEN PERIOD:
 Tuesday, July 1, 2014 to Thursday, July 10, 2014
SERIES & GRADE:
 GS-1165-12/13
POSITION INFORMATION:
 Full-Time - Permanent
PROMOTION POTENTIAL:
13
DUTY LOCATIONS:
 1 vacancy - Alexandria, LA View Map
WHO MAY APPLY:
 Applications will be accepted only from current career/career-conditional
Louisiana USDA Rural Development employees and current USDA CTAP eligibles
within the local commuting area of the position.
SECURITY CLEARANCE:
 Public Trust - Background Investigation
SUPERVISORY STATUS:
 Yes
JOB SUMMARY:

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural Development Agency serves rural
communities throughout the country by investing in their communities through
housing and utility infrastructure, by increasing economic opportunity, and by
improving the quality of life for all rural Americans.  Rural Development
provides over 40 loan and grant programs in the Rural Housing and Community
Facilities Services, Rural Business and Cooperative Services, and Rural
Utilities Service. Rural Development supports a positive work environment and
promotes diversity and inclusion for nearly 5,000 employees.

Rural Development is a dynamic organization recruiting for employees who possess
the energy, compassion, and commitment to serve those in rural communities and
will enjoy working in a fast paced and results driven organization.  Our
commitment is to expand economic opportunity and quality of life in all of rural
America by providing financial programs to support essential public facilities
and services such as water and sewer systems, housing, health clinics, emergency
service facilities and electric and telephone service.  Rural Development offers
a friendly and professional working environment and such excellent benefits as:
a generous salary, alternative work schedules, paid vacation and sick leave,
paid holidays, retirement and supplemental savings plan, a wide array of health,
dental, vision, and life insurance plans, flexible spending accounts, and
long-term care insurance.

Full-Time - Permanent
TRAVEL REQUIRED

Occasional Travel
    Occasional Travel may be required.

RELOCATION AUTHORIZED

No

KEY REQUIREMENTS

US Citizenship is required.
    Selective Service Registration is required for males born after 12/31/1959.

    Time in grade must be met by the closing date of this announcement.
    Relocation expenses will not be paid.
    Must submit Form OGE 450 within 30 days of appointment.
    A one year supervisory probationary period is required.

DUTIES:
Back to top

This is a supervisory position. Incumbent serves as a key member of the State
Director's Staff, as the Housing Program Director administering the Multi-Family
Housing (MFH) loan, grant, and guaranteed programs.

Incumbent provides leadership in implementing the community development
principles of the Rural Development mission area.  Leads efforts to coordinate
Rural Development programs at the local level and to ensure there is a cohesive
system of service delivery to rural America.  Identifies public and private
programs and resources that could further the community development program and
help meet the needs of Rural Development customers.  Initiates relationships
with public and private technical and financial assistance sources for potential
future funding and implementation of project activities.  Maintains a basic
knowledge of Rural Development's strategic planning, performance measures, and
budget integration process.  Ensures subordinate staff receives training on
community development principles and practices.  Maintains a knowledge base of
all Rural Development programs and conducts marketing and outreach to rural
residents, organizations, and stakeholders.

Has primary responsiblity for designing, planning, implementing, directing,
coordinating, monitoring, executing and evaluating program activities related to
the State's MFH program including loan making, loan servicing and outreach
activities.

QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED:
Back to top

NOTE: To be considered for this position, you must meet all qualification and
eligibility requirements for the GS-1165 series set forth in the Office of
Personnel Management (OPM) Qualifications and Standards by the closing date of
the announcement. A copy is available at
https://www.opm.gov/qualifications/index.asp.

Specialized experience is required to qualify for this position. Specialized
experience which is typically in or related to the position to be filled and
which has equipped the applicant with the particular knowledge, skills and
abilities to successfully perform the duties of the position. To be creditable,
specialized experience must have been equivalent to at least one year in the
next lower grade level in the normal line of progression for the occupation in
the organization.

GS-12: Experience that demonstrated a comprehensive knowledge and understanding
of the technicalities of mortgage financing and credit and skill in directing
and evaluating employees.  Experience may have been gained in work equivalent to
reviewing and passing on applications for the most complex housing transactions
or by servicing a mortgage loan portfolio of a bank or other loan association;
providing financial management guidance to borrowers in ascertaining and
analyzing the many and often obscure facts regarding the borrower's financial
capacity; evaluating the general economic and financial conditions that affect
the organization/ government's risk in granting, guaranteeing or insuring loans;
and participating with overall office management by providing guidance and
direction to lower level employees.

GS-13: Experience providing leadership in processing, servicing, and supervising
a full range of home mortgage loans; servicing a loan portfolio of a bank or
other loan association; or similar work which provided a comprehensive knowledge
and understanding of the technicalities of mortgage financing and credit.
Experience must demonstrate use of broad and seasoned judgment in providing
financial management guidance to housing borrowers; ascertaining and analyzing
the many and often obscure facts regarding the borrower's financial capacity,
and evaluating the general economic and financial conditions that affect the
organization/ government's risk in granting, guaranteeing, or insuring the loan
and participating with overall office management by providing guidance and
direction to lower level employees.


All academic degrees or course work must be completed in an educational
institution that has obtained accreditation from an accrediting body recognized
by the U.S. Department of Education.  For a list of schools that meet this
criteria, see http://www.edu.gov/.

o  Subject to satisfactory completion of a one year supervisory/managerial
probationary period
o  CONFIDENTIAL FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE REPORT: If selected, you will be required
to submit Form OGE-450 within 30 days of your initial appointment date, and
annually thereafter. Selectee is subject to financial Disclosure Requirements in
accordance with 5 CFR, Part 2635, Sub part E regarding business or personal
transactions with applicants, borrowers, or business contacts who have or who
are seeking business with this Agency. Selectee must be able to obtain and
maintain a security clearance. If selected you will be subject to a National
Agency Check and Inquiry (NACI) and a credit report.
o  Have your salary sent to a financial institution of your choice by Direct
Deposit/Electronic Funds Transfer.
o  Selectee must be able to obtain and maintain a security clearance. If
selected you may be subject to a National Agency Check and Inquiry (NACI) and a
credit report inquiry.
HOW YOU WILL BE EVALUATED:

You will be evaluated based on your qualifications for this position as
evidenced by the education, experience, and training you described in your
application package, as well as the responses to the Occupational Questionnaire
to determine the degree to which you possess the knowledge, skills, abilities
and competencies listed below:

Knowledge of Multi-Family Housing (MFH) loan and/or grant making requirements.
        Knowledge of Multi-Family Housing servicing requirements.
        Knowledge of Multi-Family Housing standards, costs, specifications and
contracts.
        Program Administration/Project Management.
        Supervison.
        Oral Communication.
        Written Communication.

We will review your application, including the online Occupational
Questionnaire, to ensure you meet the job requirements and assess your ability
to perform this job. Before any certificate can be issued to the selecting
official, the resume and supporting documents are reviewed by an HR Specialist
to ensure that (a) minimum qualification requirements are met and (b) the resume
supports the answers provided to the job-specific questions. Your answers will
be verified against information provided in your online resume and application.
Be sure that your resume clearly supports your responses to all the questions
addressing experience and education relevant to this position.
    Applicants who meet the basic minimum qualification requirements and are
determined to be among the best qualified candidates will be referred to the
hiring manager for consideration. Non-Competitive candidates need to meet
minimum qualification requirements to be referred.

Note: If, after reviewing your resume and / or supporting documentation, a
determination is made that you have inflated your qualifications and or
experience, your score can / will be lowered to more accurately reflect the
submitted documentation. Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or
omissions may affect your rating. Deliberate attempts to falsify information may
be grounds for not selecting you.

To view the application form, visit:
https://rhs.usda.ntis.gov/cp/?event=jobs.previewApplication&jobid=310b2a65-b09a-
4c6d-b976-a35400eba4f9

BENEFITS:
Back to top

You can review our benefits at:

<a
href="http://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/healthcare/enrollment/new-federal-
employee-enrollment/">http://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/healthcare/enrollm
ent/new-federal-employee-enrollment/</a>
The Federal Government offers a comprehensive benefits package.  Explore the
major benefits offered to most Federal employees at:
http://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/healthcare/enrollment/new-federal-employ
ee-enrollment/

OTHER INFORMATION:
o  Career Transition Assistance Plan(CTAP) or Interagency Career Transition
Assistance Plan (ICTAP):   If you are claiming CTAP/ICTAP eligibility, provide
proof of eligibility to include your most recent performance appraisal, SF-50,
and proof of eligibility such as a RIF separation notice or letter from OPM/your
agency.  CTAP/ICTAP eligibles will be considered well-qualified if achieving a
rating of 80 or above.  Information about CTAP/ICTAP eligibility is on OPM's
Career Transition Resources website at http://www.opm.gov/ctap/index.asp.
o  Relocation expenses are not authorized.
o  This position is eligible for telework and other flexible work arrangements.
Employee participation is at the discretion of the supervisor.
o  Persons with disabilities who require alternative means for communication of
program information (Braille, large print, audiotape, etc) should contact:
USDA's TARGET Center at 202-720-2600 (voice and TDD).
HOW TO APPLY:
Back to top

Please read the entire announcement and all the instructions before you begin.
The following instructions outline our application process.

You must complete this application process and submit all required documents
electronically by 11:59 p.m. Central Standard Time on the closing date of this
announcement.
    We are available to assist you during business hours (normally 8:00 a.m. -
4:00 p.m., Monday - Friday). Applying online is highly encouraged. If applying
online poses a hardship, please contact our office during business hours well
before the closing date for an alternate method. All hardship application
packages with supporting documents must be submitted no later than noon on the
closing date of the announcement in order to be entered into the system prior to
its closing.
    This agency provides reasonable accommodation to applicants with
disabilities on a case-by-case basis; contact us if you are requesting this.

Step 1: Create a USAJOBS account (if you do not have one) at www.usajobs.gov. It
is recommended that as part of your profile you set up automatic email
notification to be informed when the status of your application changes. If you
choose not to set up this automatic notification, then you will have to log into
your USAJOBS account to check on the status of your application.

Step 2: Create a resume with USAJOBS or upload a resume into your USAJOBS
account. Customize your resume to ensure it documents duties and accomplishments
you have gained that are directly related to this position in order to verify
that qualifications are met. Your resume must support your responses to the
online questionnaire (you may preview the online questionnaire by clicking on
the link at the end of the How You Will Be Evaluated section of the job
announcement).

Step 3: Click "Apply Online" and follow the prompts to complete the Occupational
Questionnaire and attach any additional documents that may be required.
You can update your application or documents anytime while the announcement is
open. Log into your USAJOBS account and click on "Application Status." Click on
the position title, and then select "Update Application" to continue.
NOTE: Verify that uploaded documents from USAJOBs transfer into the Agency's
staffing system. Once in the Agency's staffing system you will have the
opportunity to upload additional documents. Uploaded documents must be less than
3MB and in one of the following document formats: GIF, JPG, JPEG, PNG, RTF, PDF,
or Word (DOC or DOCX).


REQUIRED DOCUMENTS:

A resume should be provided. It should include relevant work experience
(start/end dates stated in month/year, description of duties and salary),
applicable education at a minimum, and your contact information. For current or
previous Federal employees, it should also include the Pay Plan, Series and
Grade for each work experience entry.
    For current or previous Federal employees, please attach a copy of your most
recent SF-50 or agency notification of personnel action form that provides
current position, grade level, and duty location.
    If you are a veteran claiming Veterans' Preference, please attach your
DD-214 "Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty," showing all dates
of service, receipt of medals and campaign badges, as well as character of
service (Honorable, General, etc.). The member 4 copy of your DD-214,
"Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty," is preferable.
    For a disabled veteran, you must submit a Department of Veterans Affairs
(DVA) letter on DVA letterhead that states your overall combined
service-connected disability rating.
    If you are a service member who expects to be discharged or released from
active duty under honorable conditions, you may submit a certification letter to
receive veterans' preference under the VOW (Veterans Opportunity to Work) to
Hire Heroes Act of 2011.
    If you are a veteran claiming Sole Survivor Preference, please attach your
SSP documentation.
    Please provide a copy of your College transcript(s) which support those
qualifications for which you wish to have considered.
    Please provide your proof of disability.

A complete Application Package must be submitted and received prior to 11:59,
Central Standard Time, on the closing date. The following documents are required
for your application package to be complete. Our office cannot be responsible
for incompatible software, illegible fax transmissions, delays in the mail
service, your system failure or downtime, etc. Failure to submit required,
legible documents may result in loss of consideration.

Resume that includes the following information: 1) personal information; 2)
education; 3) work experience including the work schedule and hours worked per
week as well as dates of employment; and title, series and grade if applicable;
4) supervisor's phone number and e-mail address for each work period listed and
whether or not we may contact them for reference checks; and, 5) other
qualifications.
    College Transcripts if education is required for meeting basic
qualifications and/or used as a substitute for specialized experience. An
unofficial copy is sufficient however, if selected; an official college
transcript will be required prior to entering on duty. Education must have been
successfully completed and obtained from an accredited school, college, or
university. Foreign education must be evaluated by an approved organization. For
additional information, refer to the U.S. Department of Education web site at
http://www.ed.gov. All transcripts must be in English or include an English
translation.

Other required documents as applicable:

Current/Former Career/Career-Conditional: Most recent non-award Notification of
Personnel Action (SF-50 or equivalent) showing that you are/were in the
competitive service, highest grade (or promotion potential) held on a permanent
basis, federal status, position title, series and grade AND most recently
completed performance appraisal (dated within 18 months) showing the official
rating of record, signed by the supervisor, or a statement as to why the
performance appraisal is unavailable. Do not submit a performance plan.
    Veteran Hiring Authorities: (VEOA, VRA, and 30% Disabled Veterans): DD-214
(Member 4 Copy). Disabled veterans must include your VA letter & SF-15 if
claiming 10 pt. preference. Current active duty members must submit a
certification that they are expected to be discharged or released from active
duty under honorable conditions not later than 120 days after the date the
certification is submitted.
    CTAP/ICTAP: Certification of Expected Separation, Reduction-In-Force
Separation Notice, Notice of Proposed Removal, or appropriate OPM/Agency
certification; AND most recent performance evaluation; AND SF-50 demonstrating
your separation or the position from which you will be separated.


AGENCY CONTACT INFO:
Rachel Ross
Phone: 318-473-7620
Fax: 318-473-1963
Email: rachel.ross@la.usda.gov
Agency Information:
USDA Rural Development
3727 Government Street
Alexandria, LA,
71302
United States
Fax: 318-473-1963
WHAT TO EXPECT NEXT:
If you set up your USAJOBS account to send automatic email notifications, you
will receive an email acknowledging: 1) the submission of your online
Occupational Questionnaire and resume was successful,  2) if you were referred
to the selecting official for consideration, and  3) if you were selected or not
selected. If you choose not to set up automatic email notifications, you must
check your USAJOBS account for the latest status of your application. Your
application may be reviewed to verify that you meet the qualifications and
eligibility requirements for the position prior to issuing lists to a selecting
official. If further evaluation or interviews are required, you will be
contacted. Normally, a final job offer to the selected candidate is made within
30-60 days after the issuance of the certificate

For more information please visit: https://www.usajobs.gov/

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             589 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                             June 24, 2001, Sunday

CUOMO'S ERIE CANAL DREAM IS DRYING UP   $237 million for tourism mecca a bust

BYLINE: BY RUSS BUETTNER DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6 DAILY NEWS INVESTIGATION

LENGTH: 2345 words

HOLLEY, N.Y. - For four years, first as federal housing secretary and now as a
candidate for governor, Andrew Cuomo has promised repeatedly to transform the
modest Erie Canal into "an unparalleled national and international tourism
attraction."

During annual trips to the canal - called The Ditch by some locals - Cuomo has
depicted a future made prosperous by boaters and cyclists filling new hotels,
restaurants and renovated historical sites.

He has talked about the "thousands of jobs" that would be created by his plan to
infuse 32 suffering counties with $237 million in federal housing money.

"You see a barge canal, I see a gold mine," Cuomo once said to a crowd near the
waterway.

But a Daily News examination of his Canal Corridor Initiative in rural Orleans
County suggests that, in this pocket at least, Cuomo's gold mine has gone bust.

The $9 million in grants and loans awarded in the county under Cuomo's plan has
created just two jobs - in a beauty salon.

Some of the spending indicates a haphazard approach far from the original goal
of turning the region into a tourism mecca.

The federal Department of Housing and Urban Development provided $60,000 to help
the owner of Krantz Furniture in Albion renovate the facade of her 166-year-old
building.

It provided a low-interest loan to help new owners buy Double Dips, a
50-year-old ice cream stand a mile from the canal.

And it awarded this tiny village 20 miles west of Rochester nearly $1 million to
build a vast park that includes two polished stone markers bearing the
inscription "Andrew Cuomo Canalway Trail" - a path only slightly longer than 100
yards.

"I know Andrew Cuomo promoted it as creating hundreds and hundreds of jobs,"
said Martin Busch, chairman of the canal task force in the town of Medina. "But
I don't know that the Canal Corridor Initiative was all that successful in
that."

Cuomo, 43, the eldest son of former Gov. Mario Cuomo, has touted the initiative
in courting the conservative canal region voters who soundly rejected his father
in 1994.

"I did more for upstate New York from Washington than the [Pataki]
administration has done from Albany," Cuomo boasted recently.

On his campaign Web site, under the headings Creating Jobs for New Yorkers and
Revitalizing the Erie Canal, the initiative tops the list of claimed Cuomo
achievements.

"As HUD assistant secretary, and then as secretary, Cuomo began and implemented
the Canal Corridor Initiative that resulted in billions of dollars in public and
private investment and created 27,000 jobs," the site says.

The claim is an apparent reference to a Cornell University study, funded by HUD,
that said if tourism in the region climbed by 5%, 27,000 new jobs would follow.
However, the study said such a jump had not yet occurred.

Cuomo, who headed HUD from 1997 until January, has blamed the state in
interviews for slowing the approval of building permits along the canal and has
argued that the plan needs more time. But of the $237 million in federal housing
funds he dedicated to the initiative, $202 million has been spent or will soon
expire.

A spokesman for Gov. Pataki, Cuomo's opponent next year should he win the
Democratic nomination over state Controller Carl McCall, called the initiative
an example of Cuomo's "abject failure" at HUD.

"His penchant for exaggeration and overstatement is remarkable and is actually
becoming legendary," said Mike McKeon, a Pataki spokesman.

A Cuomo spokesman, Peter Ragone, responded to numerous requests for comment with
a single E-mail. He listed nine towns and one county where, he said, the program
has been a success.

"If the project is given the opportunity to work, independent economists agree
that it will bring millions of dollars and tens of thousands of jobs to
depressed areas of the state by helping them build on the human, physical and
natural resources of the region," Ragone said in the message.

REMAINS OF BETTER DAYS

In 1825, the Erie Canal opened the first passage for commerce to the Midwest by
connecting the Hudson River to Lake Erie.

During those early boom years, villages sprouted along the canal's 363-mile
route, serving as ports where local fruits and grains were loaded aboard
mule-pulled barges.

But railroads and big trucks eventually rendered the canal obsolete. The loss of
manufacturing jobs brought more pain.

Today, the canal, roughly the width of a two-lane road in many sections, is
filled with water only six months of the year.

Some villages along its banks retain their 19th-century charm. But many show the
strain of decades without a viable economy.

Talk of turning the tide by luring tourists to the area had long been part of
the landscape when Cuomo announced his plan in 1996.

Beyond Orleans County, communities with economic development plans - but no
money - leaped to action.

In Ithaca, on the southern tip of one of the Finger Lakes, a $350,000 HUD grant
paid to clean up industrially contaminated land. This January, The Boatyard
Grill, a 176-seat waterside restaurant, opened on the site with the help of an
$800,000 loan under the HUD program.

An HUD-subsidized loan of $2.1 million at 2% interest helped persuade Sealright,
a multinational manufacturer of paper containers, not to shutter its facility in
Fulton, 15 miles north of Syracuse.

A few miles north of Fulton, on the shores of Lake Ontario, the town of Oswego
was issued a $650,000 low-interest HUD loan that allowed a new owner to buy a
closed restaurant and reopen it as Coleman's Irish Pub.

But in Orleans County, Cuomo's most ambitious economic development plan has
added up to little more than a costly parks project. The folly is most apparent
here in Holley.

Leaders in this village of 1,900 used $67,684 in federal money to buy 30 acres
of undeveloped land. Then they stuffed it with outdoor goodies.

There's a 300-foot wooden boat dock and a large shower facility. There's a big
jungle gym that cost $32,240, and a charming white-and-red gazebo.

Nearby, a wooden pedestrian bridge will soon arch across a small stream, where
another gazebo is to be built. A large field will have pavilions, picnic benches
and barbecues.

"We wrote a very good grant and got everything we asked for," said Mayor Lewis
Passarell.

Many locals are grateful.

"It's real nice," said retired Kodak worker Chuck Sedita, 76, as he sat under
the gazebo, one of two people in the park on a recent warm Friday afternoon.
"Some weekends we have little bands playing. People pull their boats up and
listen for a while."

But four years after the canal dock opened, the economic benefits are hard to
find.

"We've had some boaters walk over, enough that you notice it," said George
Gitsis, owner of Sam's Diner, Holley's only sit-down restaurant. "But not enough
where you hire more people - just everybody works a little harder."

Susan Schuler, manager of the HSBC branch, the village's only bank, said
deposits from retail businesses have not increased over previous summers. "I
think they've done a beautiful job, but I haven't seen any impact yet," she
said.

Worse, maintenance of the park - along with free electricity and water hookups
to boaters - might strain the village's small tax base.

In its grant proposal to HUD, the village cited one source of income: the
showers.

"They will be coin operated, and at 75 cents per shower will produce an
estimated $250 per season in revenues," the proposal said.

Overall, HUD awarded the village $1.6 million - a $900,000 grant for the park,
the maximum offered, and the remainder in a loan pool to attract new employers.

But the loan concept failed.

"We did not put out one loan," Passarell said. "We had a guy - our dentist - go
through quite a few stages of it. And finally he got so upset with it that he
went out privately and got a loan."

HUD's inspector general issued an audit in March that said the loan program had
stalled the canal initiative's job-creation goals. Following years of attacks on
the office, a Cuomo spokesman dismissed the audit as the work of political
partisans.

But even some of the plan's supporters cite the loan mechanism as problematic.

Susan Christopherson, the Cornell University professor who studied Cuomo's
initiative, said the loan program is not suited to the smaller businesses needed
in the most rural and troubled canal towns.

"The [loan] program is not a great tool to do what they wanted to do with it,
but it was the tool that they had," Christopherson said.

Still, Christopherson believes the program may someday bring the 5% increase in
tourism estimated in her study.

"I'm a passionate believer in this program," she said.

The loans to businesses are guaranteed by the community's future HUD grants. To
limit the risk to towns, HUD sets burdensome rules. Borrowers must put up 25%
more in collateral than the loan amount. And they must show that most who
benefit will be of low or moderate income.

"The [loan] program is too difficult for these small communities that have never
done them before," said Harry Sicherman, a former HUD employee who now works as
a consultant to communities seeking grants, including Holley.

BOOMTOWN? NOT

So far in Orleans County, only two businesses have taken loans under Cuomo's
program - and neither is exactly tailor-made to create a tourism boom.

At Celebrity Day Spa in Medina, a low-interest loan paid for high-tech pedicure
and water-massage equipment. The owner added two employees - the only permanent
hires in the county attributable to Cuomo's initiative. HUD announcements had
predicted the creation of 286 jobs in the county.

The other loan enabled Rich and Denise Albone to buy the Double Dips ice cream
stand. But Rich Albone said that consultant fees and the slow approval process
made the loan less attractive than it first sounded.

"We wouldn't recommend that anybody go through it," he said.

Cuomo's plan also offered help to businesses with matching grants for
improvements.

Only one business in Orleans County got such a grant, Krantz Furniture of
Albion, which is fixing up its facade.

Owner Linda Smith praised the $60,000 gift. "I probably would have done it
anyway, but it certainly made it much less of a burden on me," she said.

Cuomo's spokesman argued that no single county can accurately portray the
initiative's progress.

"Anyone who is serious about understanding the needs of upstate New York knows
that the region cannot be viewed as a series of counties and towns that are not
connected," Ragone wrote in the statement. "This is the kind of shortsighted
thinking that hurt these places in the first place."

In fact, the initiative's sparse job creation in Orleans County may not
necessarily represent its impact statewide. But the county received a
larger-than-average award, and its problems putting the money to good use don't
bode well for scores of other targeted communities.

In terms of money, the initiative is nearing its end - 85% of what Cuomo
committed has been spent or will soon be taken off the table. The remaining
$35.6 million is in the loan program.

In 33 communities, projects originally awarded $34.7 million have stalled and
will lose funding unless complete plans are submitted by Sept. 30, under an
agreement HUD signed last year with New York State.

That deadline came out of negotiations to give New York State control of the
funding streams Cuomo used for the initiative, authority that every other state
except Hawaii already held.

Cuomo's spokesman blamed Pataki for demanding the deadline.

"Unfortunately, any funds taken off the table for local communities will be done
by President Bush and Gov. Pataki just to serve partisan political purposes,"
said spokesman Ragone in the written statement.

Among the endangered canal projects: a $3.1 million loan pool to finance a hotel
in Waterford and a $1.3 million loan to rebuild, as a historical attraction, a
tunnel system in Lockport that once generated mechanical power from the passing
canal water.

LOSING BATTLE

Some question whether Cuomo's majestic vision of tourism could ever rescue the
smaller villages along the canal.

The rural communities face stiff competition from big attractions - such as
Niagara Falls, the Finger Lakes and Lake Ontario.

The canal offers a quaint appeal to boaters, but not without frustration. The
speed limit is 10 mph, and scores of drawbridges slow the going even more.

Also, the short tourism season - a few months between brutal winters - makes it
nearly impossible for businesses to survive on that single strategy.

"As a tourist destination, it would be found wanting," said Frank Mahady of FMX
Associates of Massachusetts, which studied the issue in 1993 for upstate
counties and the state.

Jerome Wilson of Albion is a case in point.

He was to receive a low-interest loan under Cuomo's program to expand his
business, Archer Lumber, into renting bicycles, canoes and paddleboats.

But facing competition from big lumberyards in Buffalo and Rochester, Wilson
closed down last month without expanding.

"I can tell you for sure that nobody here can survive on tourism alone right
now," Wilson said. "It might pay off someday, but it's not there yet."

Cuomo's canal money did create some work here in Holley - for the contractors
who built the park, at least two of whom are related to town leaders.

Roger Passarell, the mayor's cousin, built the gazebo and showers, for which he
was paid $120,069. The son of a village trustee built the dock.

Town leaders said the bidding process was fair and open, but it drew few
responses.

"That bugs me," Ross Gaylord, 64, a former village board member said of the
politically connected hires. "I think it shows favoritism."

Gaylord also thinks the village should stop spending on parks.

"It looks very nice, but I think it's gone far enough," he said. "I don't feel
it really benefits us."

  Graphic/Map: Orleans County   Population: 44,171 [For map see PDF for page 7]


LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: SPECIAL TO THE NEWS   KEVIN RIVOLI An HUD loan enabled Rich and Denise
Albone to buy Double Dips ice cream stand in Medina, N.Y., but the couple said
the headaches were hardly worth it.JAMES KEIVOM DAILY NEWS Andrew Cuomo speaking
at a fundraiser for his gubernatorial campaign.KEVIN RIVOLI Albion, N.Y., has
seen some small benefits from HUD matching grants.KEVIN RIVOLI HOLLEY'S FOLLY:
Village of Holley, N.Y., used $900,000 to build outdoor park.AP FAMILY MAN:
Andrew Cuomo meets press Friday in Armonk, N.Y., with wife, Kerry Kennedy Cuomo,
and their twin daughters, Cara (sitting) and Mariah.

TYPE: FRONT PAGE

                        Copyright 2001 Daily News, L.P.


                             590 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                            November 9, 2008 Sunday

Business Digest

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 363 words


ClearOne wins monetary damages in trade-secret case

Salt Lake City-based ClearOne Communications Inc. said it has received a
multimillion-dollar damage award in a federal trade-secret case.

The company had contended that Biamp Systems Corp., WideBand Solutions Inc. and
several individuals, including a former employee, misappropriated trade secrets
that included algorithms and computer code used in its audio conferencing
equipment.

ClearOne said in a news release that a federal jury awarded it about $3.5
million compensatory damages and $7 million in punitive damages.

- Steven Oberbeck

Nov. 14 forum to focus on issues relevant Utah's economy

The Salt Lake Chamber is collaborating with the Sutherland Institute, a
conservative think tank, to create a forum for discussing issues relevant to
Utah's economy.

The issues will likely be "complex and sometimes controversial," according to
the Utah Prosperity Forum.

The first topic will examine a private economic growth strategy that balances
traditional practices of business recruitment.

The forum will be held at the Sutherland Institute, 307 W. 200 South, suite
5005, from noon to 1:30 p.m., Nov. 14. Cost is $10, which includes lunch.
Register by calling 801-355-1272, visiting www.sutherland

institute.org, or sending an e-mail to si@sutherland

institute.org. Registration closes Nov. 13 at noon.

- Paul Beebe

Low-interest home loans available for rural residents

Low-interest home loans are available for rural residents, with financing up to
100 percent loan-to-value and no down payment.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural Development has announced a decrease in
the home mortgage interest rate for its Section 502 Homeownership Direct Loan
Program. The interest rate has been reduced to 5.375 percent, down from 5.750
percent. Depending on household incomes, mortgage payments may be subsidized to
as low as a 1 percent interest rate.

The loan program is available to eligible very-low and low-income households to
buy an existing home, buy a site and construct a dwelling or purchase a newly
constructed dwelling in rural areas.

For more information, visit http://eligibility.sc.egov.usda.gov or call
801-524-4320.

- Dawn House

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             591 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                           September 3, 2016 Saturday

Scotiabank Costa Rica SME and Housing Loan

LENGTH: 571  words


Region : Latin America and the Caribbean
Sector : O-AA - Commercial Banking - General
Department : Global Industry, Financial Markets
Environmental category : FI2
Date SPI disclosed : September 2, 2016
Projected board date : October 4, 2016
Project Description : The project consists of a loan of up to US$75 million to
Scotiabank de Costa Rica S.A. (the  Bank ) for on-lending to SMEs and low and
middle income mortgages.


Project Sponsor and Major Shareholders of Project Company :


The Bank is a 100% owned subsidiary of Grupo BNS de Costa Rica SA. Grupo BNS de
Costa Rica SA is in turn 80.2% owned by BNS International SA (Panama) and 19.7%
owned by Corporacion Mercaban de Costa Rica, both of which are wholly owned
subsidiaries of The Bank of Nova Scotia, a publicly listed company in Canada.
Total Project Cost and Amount and Nature of IFC's Investment :


The proposed investment consists of a senior loan of up to US$75 million.
Location of Project and Description of Site : The Bank is headquartered in San
Jose and has 34 branches in the country.
Expected Development Impact :


Financial Inclusion: Costa Rica's private sector credit to GDP ratio is below
the regional average. Funding a leading private sector bank will support
increased banking penetration and access to financial services for businesses
and individuals in Costa Rica.
Employment Generation: Improving access to finance for SMEs that lack sufficient
funding and thereby contributing to increased job creation in the country.
Providing loans to new and underserved SME clients translates into larger
production scales requiring additional workers, especially for the bottom 40
percent among the large pool of unskilled labor force.
Shared Prosperity: Access to housing finance for low and medium income
individuals will help reduce high inequality in the country and improve shared
prosperity. Like many other emerging markets, Costa Rica has an unmet demand for
housing finance driven by growing incomes and rapid urbanization.
IFC's Expected Role and Additionality :


Long term partnership across the region: IFC has partnered with The Bank of Nova
Scotia and its subsidiaries across Latin America and the Caribbean. Most
recently IFC has provided digital financial services workshop to Scotiabank's
LAC operations, is engaged in a rural/agri microcredit advisory project with
CreditScotia in Peru, is discussing a DARP program in the Caribbean as well as
in Latin America and is investigating potential for investments in
infrastructure in Latin America. The Bank of Nova Scotia is also a recurring top
partner on trade, having confirmed more than US$1.8 billion, #4 in the GTFP
league tables for volumes.

Financial Sector Consolidation: By supporting one of the strongest regional
financial groups in Latin America, IFC will enable Scotiabank to play a critical
role in the growth and consolidation of the banking sector in Costa Rica and
enabling the private sector bank
Project completion date : 2019-12-31 12:00:00
Major organization : SCOTIABANK DE COSTA RICA SA

Address : Sabana Norte, Apdo 5395 - 100
San Jose

Country :Costa Rica
Email : ignacio.vargas@scotiabank.com

Url : http://www.scotiabankcr.com /

Financier : INTERNATIONAL FINANCE CORPORATION (IFC),WORLD BANK (WB),

Financier address : WORLD BANK (WB)
1818 H Street, NW
Washington, DC 20433


USA
Website : http://www.worldbank.org /
Tel: (202) 473-1000
Fax: (202) 477-6391

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2016 Tenders Info
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             592 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                            March 16, 2011 Wednesday

USA: Officials Join Lt. Gov. Skillman to Celebrate North Vernon's "Stellar
Community"

LENGTH: 428  words

DATELINE: STATE HOUSE


STATE HOUSE, March 16 -- The State Of Indiana has issued following press
release:

Lt. Governor Becky Skillman joined officials from North Vernon and leaders from
Muscatatuck Urban Training Center this afternoon to celebrate the city's
selection as a Hoosier "Stellar Community".

Stellar Communities is a first of its kind collaboration initiated by Lt.
Governor Skillman between INDOT, the Office of Community and Rural Affairs
(OCRA), the Indiana Housing and Community Development Authority (IHCDA), and the
State Revolving Fund to help execute communities' strategic plans.

"The State of Indiana is only as strong as its individual communities," Lt.
Governor Skillman said. "North Vernon is on the verge of being a hub for the
defense industry, and Stellar Communities will go a long way in helping the city
achieve that goal."

North Vernon's Stellar Communities application will make the downtown area more
inviting for business and improve housing options in the city. The community
plans to:

* Redevelop a 3.5 acre Brownfield site, clearing the way for private investment

* Restore the Carnegie Library

* Renovate the Depot Events Center

* Install new sidewalks, curbs, landscaping, lighting, and signage on downtown
streetscapes

* Revitalize the Irish Hill neighborhood by improving streetscapes and creating
low- to moderate-income housing

* Close Short Street to create a pedestrian-friendly plaza space

* Develop Main Street for mixed commercial and residential use

The total proposed cost of all Greencastle's Stellar Community projects is
estimated at $16 million. The State of Indiana expects to contribute at least
$12 million to the projects over three years, including $6 million in grants
from INDOT; $1.5 million in grants from OCRA; and nearly $5 million in loans,
tax credits, or grants from IHCDA. The community will provide approximately $2.4
million in matching funds.

"Our region is not able to take full advantage of Muscatatuck without a vibrant
North Vernon," Mayor Harold "Soup" Campbell said. "Without Stellar Communities,
we would certainly lose out on millions of dollars of economic activity."

Funding for the initiatives comes from multiple existing federal funds. State
agencies will continue to offer grant programs to local units of government not
participating in Stellar Communities.

For more information please contact info@plusmediasolutions.c Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any query with respect
to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             593 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                             March 15, 2011 Tuesday

USA: Officials Join Lt. Gov. Skillman to Celebrate North Vernon's "Stellar
Community"

LENGTH: 428  words

DATELINE: STATE HOUSE


STATE HOUSE, March 15 -- The State Of Indiana has issued following press
release:

Lt. Governor Becky Skillman joined officials from North Vernon and leaders from
Muscatatuck Urban Training Center this afternoon to celebrate the city's
selection as a Hoosier "Stellar Community".

Stellar Communities is a first of its kind collaboration initiated by Lt.
Governor Skillman between INDOT, the Office of Community and Rural Affairs
(OCRA), the Indiana Housing and Community Development Authority (IHCDA), and the
State Revolving Fund to help execute communities' strategic plans.

"The State of Indiana is only as strong as its individual communities," Lt.
Governor Skillman said. "North Vernon is on the verge of being a hub for the
defense industry, and Stellar Communities will go a long way in helping the city
achieve that goal."

North Vernon's Stellar Communities application will make the downtown area more
inviting for business and improve housing options in the city. The community
plans to:

* Redevelop a 3.5 acre Brownfield site, clearing the way for private investment

* Restore the Carnegie Library

* Renovate the Depot Events Center

* Install new sidewalks, curbs, landscaping, lighting, and signage on downtown
streetscapes

* Revitalize the Irish Hill neighborhood by improving streetscapes and creating
low- to moderate-income housing

* Close Short Street to create a pedestrian-friendly plaza space

* Develop Main Street for mixed commercial and residential use

The total proposed cost of all Greencastle's Stellar Community projects is
estimated at $16 million. The State of Indiana expects to contribute at least
$12 million to the projects over three years, including $6 million in grants
from INDOT; $1.5 million in grants from OCRA; and nearly $5 million in loans,
tax credits, or grants from IHCDA. The community will provide approximately $2.4
million in matching funds.

"Our region is not able to take full advantage of Muscatatuck without a vibrant
North Vernon," Mayor Harold "Soup" Campbell said. "Without Stellar Communities,
we would certainly lose out on millions of dollars of economic activity."

Funding for the initiatives comes from multiple existing federal funds. State
agencies will continue to offer grant programs to local units of government not
participating in Stellar Communities.

For more information please contact info@plusmediasolutions.c Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any query with respect
to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             594 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          The Daily Telegraph (London)

                           February 4, 2017 Saturday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Empty homes have doubled since 1996;
More development will not lower house prices but simply add to the overall
surplus, experts warn

BYLINE: Christopher Hope

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 537 words


THE number of empty homes in the UK has nearly doubled in 20 years, calling into
question whether new housing developments need to be built in the countryside.

The figures come ahead of a major government initiative to encourage more house
building, which Theresa May will launch next week.

The Housing White Paper will propose that car parks near railway stations be
used for new homes, reserve sites for prefab homes and will force developers to
build homes more quickly on sites that have planning permission.

Analysis of government figures shows that there are more than one million homes
above those which are required for the number of households in the UK.

This "housing surplus" has nearly doubled from 800,000 spare homes in 1996 to
1.4million homes at any one time in 2014.

These "empty homes" are typically second homes, or vacant properties that are
either left empty or are waiting for tenants or homeowners to move in.

Ian Mulheirn, an expert from Oxford Economics, said the figures suggested that
allowing developers to build more homes would not bring down house prices. Three
factors drove house prices - the cost of mortgage debt, household incomes and
the supply of houses.

Mr Mulheirn said prices were only likely to come down when mortgage rates begin
to rise. "The point is there are more dwellings than there are households," he
said.

He added that relatively cheap access to credit, combined with bigger incomes in
some middle-class families, had driven house prices up.

Asked if this could be solved by building more homes, Mr Mulheirn said: "The
answer is no.

The evidence suggests that there are more surplus houses than there were 20
years ago."

Shaun Spiers, the chief executive of the Campaign to Protect Rural England,
said: "There is no quick fix to resolve the housing shortage. But as well as
building more homes, the Government must do more to ensure that the homes we
already have are lived in.

"People will be much less willing to accept the loss of green space for housing
if they see homes lying empty and redundant buildings that could be converted
going to waste."

A report from Oxford Economics two months ago found that between 1996 and 2006
house prices rose by 151 per cent after adjusting for general inflation.

It said that rising earnings and falling interest rates, rather than
insufficient supply, drove the boom in house prices between 1996 and 2006.

Additional supply, or shortfalls in supply, only affects prices if sustained
over long periods, it said. A one per cent increase in the number of houses, or
a one per cent fall in the number of households, would reduce house prices by
1.8 per cent. The review added: "In the context of a stock of over 28 million
dwellings in the UK in 2014, this means that even when new supply outstrips new
household formation, its impact on prices is likely to be small unless sustained
over a long period."

A spokesman for the Department for Communities and Local Government said: "This
is completely misleading as it contains figures on some second homes.

The reality is, empty homes are at their lowest level since records began and
we've made it easier for councils to convert derelict properties into homes,
breathing new life into empty buildings."

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DTL


                  Copyright 2017 Telegraph Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             595 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Pueblo Chieftain (Colorado)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            November 6, 2009 Friday

Home starts stay anemic: Pueblo's home starts remain at recession lows.

BYLINE: Dennis Darrow, The Pueblo Chieftain, Colo.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 301 words


Nov. 6--Home construction in Pueblo County remained mired in a three-year-long
slump through October.

Countywide, there were 11 home starts in the month, tied with March for the
second-lowest number since the local housing crash started in September 2006,
according to Pueblo Regional Building Department and Horizon Communities Inc.
statistics.

The fewest number of monthly permits was nine in August.

For the year, Pueblo County is on pace for 173 home starts, the lowest annual
total since the early 1980s when Pueblo's jobless rate approached 20 percent due
to massive steel mill layoffs. Pueblo's peak year of home building was 2006 with
1,200 home starts.

The number of starts dropped to 665 two years ago and 394 last year.

The slowdown has hit Pueblo West hardest.

Once the site of most of the area's home construction, Pueblo West has seen its
home starts drop below the city of Pueblo's levels this year. Pueblo reported 65
home starts through October; Pueblo West 55.

Home construction is a key sector of a city's economy, responsible for thousands
of jobs and also a major driver of overall economic growth through the issuance
of home loans.

ddarrow@chieftain.com

4DFriday, November 6, 2009

HOME SITES

2009 home building permits through October:

Area Permits

Pueblo 65

Pueblo West 55

St. Charles Mesa 13

Colorado City/Rye 8

Beulah 7

Hatchet Ranch 6

Rural areas 5

Source: Horizon Communities, Inc.

To see more of The Pueblo Chieftain, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.chieftain.com. Copyright (c) 2009, The Pueblo Chieftain, Colo.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20091106-PB-Home-starts-stay-anemic-1106

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PB


                      Copyright 2009 The Pueblo Chieftain


                             596 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          The Daily Telegraph (London)

                           February 4, 2017 Saturday
                                   Edition 2;
                                National Edition

Empty homes have doubled since 1996;
More development will not lower house prices but simply add to the overall
surplus, experts warn

BYLINE: Christopher Hope

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 538 words


THE number of empty homes in the UK has nearly doubled in 20 years, calling into
question whether new housing developments need to be built in the countryside.

The figures come ahead of a major government initiative to encourage more house
building, which Theresa May will launch next week.

The Housing White Paper will propose that car parks near railway stations be
used for new homes, will reserve sites for prefab homes and will force
developers to build homes more quickly on sites that have planning permission.

Analysis of government figures shows that there are more than one million homes
above those which are required for the number of households in the UK.

This "housing surplus" has nearly doubled from 800,000 spare homes in 1996 to
1.4million homes at any one time in 2014.

These "empty homes" are typically second homes, or vacant properties that are
either left empty or are waiting for tenants or homeowners to move in.

Ian Mulheirn, an expert from Oxford Economics, said the figures suggested that
allowing developers to build more homes would not bring down house prices. Three
factors drove house prices - the cost of mortgage debt, household incomes and
the supply of houses.

Mr Mulheirn said prices were only likely to come down when mortgage rates begin
to rise. "The point is there are more dwellings than there are households," he
said.

He added that relatively cheap access to credit, combined with bigger incomes in
some middle-class families, had driven house prices up.

Asked if this could be solved by building more homes, Mr Mulheirn said: "The
answer is no.

The evidence suggests that there are more surplus houses than there were 20
years ago."

Shaun Spiers, the chief executive of the Campaign to Protect Rural England,
said: "There is no quick fix to resolve the housing shortage. But as well as
building more homes, the Government must do more to ensure that the homes we
already have are lived in.

"People will be much less willing to accept the loss of green space for housing
if they see homes lying empty and redundant buildings that could be converted
going to waste."

A report from Oxford Economics two months ago found that between 1996 and 2006
house prices rose by 151 per cent after adjusting for general inflation.

It said that rising earnings and falling interest rates, rather than
insufficient supply, drove the boom in house prices between 1996 and 2006.

Additional supply, or shortfalls in supply, only affects prices if sustained
over long periods, it said. A one per cent increase in the number of houses, or
a one per cent fall in the number of households, would reduce house prices by
1.8 per cent. The review added: "In the context of a stock of over 28 million
dwellings in the UK in 2014, this means that even when new supply outstrips new
household formation, its impact on prices is likely to be small unless sustained
over a long period."

A spokesman for the Department for Communities and Local Government said: "This
is completely misleading as it contains figures on some second homes.

"The reality is, empty homes are at their lowest level since records began and
we've made it easier for councils to convert derelict properties into homes,
breathing new life into empty buildings."

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DTL


                  Copyright 2017 Telegraph Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             597 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                    February 8, 2000, Tuesday, Home Edition

Some builders see a modular future;
 Skeptics abound, but supporters cite lower costs and a way to beat labor
shortages.

BYLINE: Susan Harte, Staff

SOURCE: CONSTITUTION

SECTION: Business; Pg. 3D

LENGTH: 609 words

Gene and Robyn Turner spent part of a morning watching their new white cottage
lumber down the highway atop an 18-wheel, flatbed truck.

It rolled into the drive, and cranes gently set it down on its prepared
foundation near Washington, Ga.

A team of a half-dozen craftsmen then secured the house to its foundation,
joined the two halves, raised the roof and put in the stairway to the basement.

By the end of the day, the 2,800-square-foot house with green shutters was ready
to be carpeted.

The Turners' house cost about $ 52 per finished square foot, excluding the
5-acre lot.

Builders who use the modular system can save up to 20 percent on labor costs and
building materials, said Atlantan Ken Parris, president of Persimmon Homes,
which built the Turners' modular home.

He and other proponents of modular housing say it is the wave of the future.

"I think they stand a chance of penetrating 5 percent of the market," said
Heather McKeon, the editor of Professional Builder magazine. "Nobody can find
framers today."

But doubters are less sure.

"I don't think builders will buy this. These houses are vanilla (bland)," said
Roger Festa of LandMark Development. "They are starter homes for rural areas."

"You have to have a buyer ready to move in soon," said Bob Thomas, vice
president of New South Federal Savings Bank. "You have to sell them quickly to
make any money.

"You cannot keep modular houses as speculative homes for more than 30 days,
because, unlike your regular construction loan, the builder has to pay upfront
for the product," he said.

Still, the modular housing industry's annual revenue is around $ 8 billion, a
study by the Freedonia Group reports.

The shortage of construction workers in Georgia also may drive up the demand for
modular housing.

According to the Georgia Department of Labor, job orders during the latter half
of 1999 suggest a shortage of skilled workers in the building trades.

"During the six months, Georgia employers requested 4,135 workers in the
structural categories, which includes the building trades plus assembly lines at
General Motors, Ford and Lockheed," said John Ard, a department spokesman. "We
filled only 1,337."

Parris, who says cheap labor and building materials are disappearing in the
South, is banking on the growth of modular housing. He's investing $ 3 million
to $ 5 million in a 135,000-square-foot plant in Wilkes County. He employs 30
people there. At full capacity, targeted for mid-2001, the facility will employ
200 full-time workers.

Parris says the plant can make up to four modular houses a day, or 1,000 a year.
His full-time computer-aided designers can make flexible floor plans for homes
ranging in price from $ 90,000 to more than $ 1 million.

The one- or two-story structures are deliverable within a 300-mile radius of the
factory, he said.

The Turners noticed only one crack in the interior plaster of their modular
home, a small one that was easily repaired.

"System-built houses are constructed to the same building codes and regulations
that apply to on-site construction," said Jerry Hurd-Smith, program coordinator
for the Georgia Department of Community Affairs.

Elkhart, Ind.-based Coachmen Industries makes and sells modular homes under the
All American Homes brand name. Its 1998 revenue was $ 756 million.

Other builders use pre-manufactured parts.

"We are already using manufactured floors, roof trusses and wall panels," said
Tom Bradbury, president of Colony Homes, whose average home price is $ 120,000.
"It depends on the buyer profile. In some markets, standardization is part of
the affordability."

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
Ken Parris
Photo
Persimmon Homes VP Larry Brown (left) watches Joseph Saint and David Davenport
(right) position half of a modular home. / DAVID TULIS / Staff
Graphic
THE MODULAR HOUSING INDUSTRY
The " industrialized housing industry" includes homes built on-site with
factory- produced materials, and homes built of panels or modules made in a
factory and transported to site.
Production of modular homes increased 16 percent between 1998 and 1999, to
163,000 units, and is expected to increase by another 18 percent in 2000.
The value of expected shipments by 2002 is $ 15 billion.
Modular builders expect to see first-quarter sales up by 18 percent over the
year-ago period.
Source: Automated Builder magazine

                    Copyright 2000 The Atlanta Constitution


                             598 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                     Coffs Coast Advocate (New South Wales)

                            March 14, 2012 Wednesday

INDUSTRY BRIEFS

SECTION: Pg. 73

LENGTH: 375  words

Affordable Aussie dream

HOUSING affordability has hit a two-year high.

A Real Estate Institute of Australia (REIA) report found that in the December
quarter of 2011, the proportion of income needed to meet loan repayments
decreased by 0.7% to 32.9%.

The decline was the third improvement in housing affordability across 2011.

The number of loans to first home buyers over the quarter increased in all
states and territories.

"It is positive that we are seeing small increases in first home buyers
returning to the market but would like to see a more significant change which
will come from improved affordability and greater consumer confidence," REIA
president Pamela Bennett said.

The report found the Australian Capital Territory remained the most affordable
state or territory in which to buy a home.

Prime real estate opportunities

NOW that the Lifehouse Church has settled into its new Orlando St premises, the
land which had been earmarked as its future home is up for sale.

The church initially planned to build on two development sites totalling 4.95ha
at South Coffs Harbour.

The sites, with Pacific Hwy frontage, have been listed for sale by expressions
of interest by First National Real Estate Coffs Harbour.

Principal Barry Booth expects demand for Lot 1 will come from businesses looking
for highway exposure on 9376sq m.

Mr Booth said Lot 2 would appeal to buyers seeking a rural/residential lifestyle
offered by the existing home on 4.2ha.

Coffs real estate ok

THE GRASS may always be greener, but not when it comes to real estate values on
the Mid North Coast.

While 2011 was a roller-coaster for real estate in the region, RPData figures
show Mid North Coast values declined by just 1.5%.

While no-one ever likes to see prices slide, things got a lot worse in other
areas of the country where some suburbs and towns said goodbye to close to half
their homes' value.

The worst case was flood-affected North Booval, west of Brisbane, where the
median house price dropped 46.3% to $154,000.

The median price of units in Mittagong in the NSW Southern Highlands plummeted
45.1% to $225,000.

Premium capital city properties also suffered; St Kilda West was the worst of
the millionaire row performers. Prices in the Melbourne suburb dropped by 41.8%
to $1.455m.

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CCA


                    Copyright 2012 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             599 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Dispatch, Lexington, N.C.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          December 11, 2013 Wednesday

Few speak at CDBG hearing

BYLINE: Nash Dunn, The Dispatch, Lexington, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 585 words


Dec. 11--Davidson County can possibly seek up to $7 million at 2 percent
interest for an economic development Community Development Block Grant, which
would be funneled through the state department of commerce by the U.S.
Department of Housing and Urban Development.

The money would be used to help develop about 500 acres of land south of Belmont
Road to attract new companies to the area.

Local government watchdog Barney Hill and former commissioner candidate David
Speight argued against the use of the federal funds during an initial public
hearing on the issue Tuesday.

"My main objection to the CDBG program has been that it inverts, subverts and
perverts the founders' vision of federalism," Hill said. "I also have complained
that the bankrupt national government can no longer afford to shower every local
government with blessings."

The Davidson County Economic Development Commission has been the main proponent
of the park for more than 10 years. EDC Executive Director Steve Googe said
CDBGs are an integral part of America's growth, the lifeblood of nonpolitical
growth awarded on need, not politics.

Googe said the grants have accounted for about 4,000 jobs in the county and
benefitted companies like TIMCO Aviation Services, Lolly Wolly Doodle and more
recently SV Plastics and Mill-Chem Manufacturing, among others.

The loan must be repaid within seven years, but only interest payments are
required for the first two years, according to county documents.

Commissioners are also inquiring about a second, $2 million Rural Economic
Development Loan and Grant through the United States Department of Agriculture.
The USDA provides the zero interest loans to local utility companies, which
direct funding to local governments.

The REDLG loan, which would flow through EnergyUnited in this scenario, is
repayable over a 10-year period.

If awarded and approved, the loans would likely be Davidson County government's
stake in a planned limited liability company organizing the industrial park.

In the LLC concept, landowners will pool their properties with other municipal
agencies or private companies that provide infrastructure or other assets for
the development. Each contributor's share will depend on what their asset was
valued, and later, when the land is sold to a company or other entity, the
various members split the profits.

Other potential partners will likely include entities that provide
infrastructure-related assets at the site, including the City of Lexington.

Initial phases of the project include about 500 acres directly south of Belmont
Road near the interstate. Robin Team, president of Davidson Progress, a
nonprofit economic development driver and LLC manager, said in a recent
interview that most of the property is owned by several large-tract landowners,
who have given an oral agreement to commit their parcels to the entity. There
are about 12 total landowners in the initial phases, including several who
possess a group of smaller tracts. Team said he is hopeful those landowners will
also participate.

The initial public hearing allows the county to prepare an application for the
CDBG. While the date of a second, required public hearing was not set Tuesday,
it will likely come during a regular meeting in January.

Nash Dunn can be reached at 249-3981, ext. 227, or at nash.dunn@the-dispatch.com
Follow Nash on Twitter: @LexDispatchNash

___ (c)2013 The Dispatch, Lexington, N.C. Visit The Dispatch, Lexington, N.C. at
www.the-dispatch.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20131211-1LN-Few-speak-at-CDBG-hearing-1211-20131211

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1LN


                  Copyright 2013 The Dispatch, Lexington, N.C.


                             600 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 23, 2014 Tuesday

Notice of Funding Availability: Multi-Family Housing Preservation and
Revitalization Demonstration Program-Section 514, Section 515, and Section 516
for Fiscal Year 2014

LENGTH: 9216  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:


Action

Notice.
Summary

USDA Rural Development, which administers the programs of the Rural Housing
Service (Agency), announces the availability of $20 million in budget authority
and the timeframe to submit applications to participate in a demonstration
program to preserve and revitalize existing Rural Rental Housing (RRH) projects
under Section 515, Section 514, and Section 516 of the Housing Act of 1949, as
amended. Under the demonstration program, existing Section 515 Multi-Family
Housing (MFH) loans and Sections 514/516 Off-Farm Labor Housing (FLH) loans will
be restructured to ensure that sufficient resources are available to preserve
the ability of rental projects to provide safe and affordable housing for very
low-, low-, or moderate-income residents. Projects participating in this program
will be expected to be revitalized to extend their affordable use without
displacing tenants because of increased rents. No additional Agency Rental
Assistance (RA) units will be made available under this program.

Table of Contents Back to Top

DATES:
    ADDRESSES:
    FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT:
    SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:
    Paperwork Reduction Act
    Overview Information
    I. Funding Opportunities Description
    II. Award Information
    III. Eligibility Information
    IV. Equal Opportunity and Nondiscrimination Requirements
    V. Authorities Available for MPR
    VI. Application and Submission Information
    VII. Selection for Processing
    i. CLASS "D" PROJECTS
    ii. CLASS "C" PROJECTS
    iii. CLASS "B" PROJECTS
    i. Energy Conservation--30 points
    ii. Energy Generation (Maximum 5 Points)
    iii. Green Property Management Credentials--5 Points
    B. Confirmation of Eligibility
    C. Selection of Pre-Applications for Further Processing
    VIII. Processing of Selected Pre-Applications
    IX. MPR Offers
    X. Appeal Process

DATES: Back to Top

Pre-applications in response to this Notice will be accepted until November 24,
2014, 5:00 p.m., Eastern Time. The pre-application closing deadline is firm as
to date and hour. The Agency will not consider any pre-application that is
received after the closing deadline. Applicants intending to mail
pre-applications must allow sufficient time to permit delivery on or before the
closing deadline. Acceptance by a post office or private mailer does not
constitute delivery. Facsimile (FAX) and postage-due pre-applications will not
be accepted.
ADDRESSES: Back to Top

All hard copy pre-applications and additional materials must be mailed to the
attention of Sherry Engel or Tiffany Tietz, Finance and Loan Analyst,
Multi-Family Housing Preservation and Direct Loan Division, STOP 0782, (Room
1263-S), U.S. Department of Agriculture, Rural Development, 1400 Independence
Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-0782.

Assistance for filing electronic and hard copy pre-applications can be obtained
from any Rural Development State Office. USDA Rural Development MFH State Office
Contacts can be found at http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/StateOfficeAddresses.html.

(Note: Telephone numbers listed are not toll-free.)
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Back to Top

Sherry Engel or Tiffany Tietz, sherry.engel@wdc.usda.gov or
tiffany.tietz@wdc.usda.gov, (715) 345-7677 or (616) 942-4111, extension 126,
Finance and Loan Analyst, Multi-Family Housing Preservation and Direct Loan
Division, STOP 0782, (Room 1263-S) U.S. Department of Agriculture, Rural
Development, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-0782. (Please
note these telephone numbers are not toll-free numbers.)
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Back to Top
Paperwork Reduction Act Back to Top

The information collection requirements contained in this Notice have received
approval from the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) under Control Number
0570-0190.
Overview Information Back to Top

Federal Agency Name: Rural Housing Service, USDA.

Funding Opportunity Title: Multi-Family Housing Preservation and Revitalization
Demonstration Program--Section 514, Section 515, and Section 516 for Fiscal Year
2014.

Announcement Type: Inviting applications from eligible applicants for Fiscal
Year 2014, Funding.

Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance Number (CFDA): 10.447.

Dates: Pre-applications in response to this Notice will be accepted until
November 24, 2014, 5:00 p.m., Eastern Time. The pre-application closing deadline
is firm as to date and hour. The Agency will not consider any pre-application
that is received after the closing deadline. Applicants intending to mail
pre-applications must allow sufficient time to permit delivery on or before the
closing deadline. Acceptance by a post office or private mailer does not
constitute delivery. Facsimile (FAX) and postage-due pre-applications will not
be accepted.
I. Funding Opportunities Description Back to Top

The Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2014, Public Law 113-76 (January 17, 2014)
authorized the Agency to conduct a demonstration program for the preservation
and revitalization of the Section 515 MFH portfolio and Sections 514/516 Off-FLH
portfolio. Section 514, Section 515 and Section 516 MFH programs are authorized
by the Housing Act of 1949, as amended (42 U.S.C. 1484, 1485, 1486) and provide
Rural Development with the authority to provide financial assistance for
low-income MFH and FLH and related facilities as defined in 7 CFR Part 3560.

A synopsis of this program and the pre-application's universal resource locator
(URL) will be listed by Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance Number or at
Federal GrantsWire at http://www.federalgrantswire.com.

This Notice solicits pre-applications from eligible borrowers/applicants to
restructure existing MFH projects already participating in the Agency's Section
515 MFH portfolio and Sections 514/516 FLH portfolio for the purpose of
revitalization and preservation. Eligible borrowers are sometimes referred to in
this Notice as "applicants," "borrowers," "applicant/borrowers," or "owners" as
seems most appropriate for the context of the relevant Notice provision. The
demonstration program shall be referred to in this Notice as the Multi-Family
Housing Preservation and Revitalization Demonstration (MPR) Program. Agency
regulations for the Section 515 MFH program and the Sections 514/516 FLH program
are published at 7 CFR Part 3560.

The intent of the MPR is to ensure that existing rental projects will continue
to deliver decent, safe and sanitary affordable rental housing for 20 years, the
remaining term of any Agency loan, or the remaining term of any existing
Restrictive-Use Provisions (RUP) or prohibition, whichever ends later.
Applications will be selected by the Agency by the process described in this
Notice, and the selected applicants will be invited to participate in the MPR
demonstration program. Upon written notification to the Agency from the selected
applicant of their acceptance to participate, an independent third-party Capital
Needs Assessment (CNA) will be conducted to provide a fair and objective review
of projected capital needs. The Agency shall implement any restructuring
proposal that may be offered under this Notice through an MPR Conditional
Commitment (MPRCC) with the eligible borrower/applicant, which will include all
the terms and conditions offered by the Agency.

One of the restructuring tools to be used in this program is debt deferral for
up to 20 years of the existing Section 514 or Section 515 loans obligated prior
to October 1, 1991. The cash flow from the deferred payment will be deposited,
as directed by the Agency, to the reserve account to help meet the future
physical needs of the project or to reduce rents.

Debt deferral is described as follows:

MPR Debt Deferral: A deferral of the existing Section 514 or Section 515 Agency
loan(s), obligated on or before October 1, 1991, for the lesser of either the
remaining term of the existing Section 514 or Section 515 loan, or 20 years. All
terms and conditions of the deferral will be described in the MPR Debt Deferral
Agreement. A balloon payment of principal and accrued interest will be due at
the end of the deferral period. Interest will accrue at the promissory note rate
and, if applicable, the subsidy will be applied as set out in the Agency's
Interest Credit and Rental Assistance Agreement.

Other Agency MPR tools are as follows:

1. MPR Grant: A grant limited to non-profit applicants/borrowers only. The grant
will be limited to the cost of correcting health and safety violations of a
project identified by a CNA accepted by the Agency. The grant administration
will be in accordance with applicable provisions of 7 CFR parts 3015 and 3019.

2. MPR Zero Percent Loan: A loan at zero percent interest. The loan's maximum
term and maximum amortization will be as authorized by the respective program
authority.

(a) For Section 515 RRH projects, the maximum term will be 30 years, and will be
amortized over a maximum term of 50 years.

(b) For Sections 514/516 projects, the loan will be amortized over a maximum
term of 33 years.

3. MPR Soft-Second Loan: A loan with a one percent interest rate that will have
its accrued interest and principal deferred to a balloon payment. The balloon
payment will be due at the same time the latest maturing Section 514 or Section
515 loan already in place at the time of closing, or the maturity date of any
current loan being re-amortized as part of the restructuring, is due.

MPR funds cannot be used to build community rooms, add additional parking areas,
playgrounds, laundry rooms or additional new units, unless the additional
unit(s) are needed for the project to meet the 5 percent fully accessible
requirement as defined by the Uniform Federal Accessibility Standards (UFAS),
and the Agency concurs. However, other funding sources as outlined below in (i)
through (vi) can be used either for such revitalization and/or improvements:

i. Rural Development Section 515 Rehabilitation loan funds;

ii. Rural Development Sections 514/516 Off-Farm rehabilitation loan/grant funds;

iii. Rural Development Section 538 Guaranteed RRH program financing;

iv. Rural Development Multi-Family Housing Preservation Revolving Loan Program
funds;

v. Third-party loans, grants, tax credits and tax-exempt financing; and

vi. Owner-provided capital contributions in the form of a cash infusion. A cash
infusion cannot be a loan.

Transfers, subordinations, and consolidations may be approved as part of a MPR
transaction in accordance with 7 CFR Part 3560. If a transfer is part of the MPR
transaction, and the transfer includes a seller payment and/or increase in the
allowable Return to Owner, the transfer must first be underwritten to meet the
requirements of 7 CFR 3560.406. The transfer underwriting may assume the
deferral of all eligible Section 515 loans. After the transfer has been
underwritten and concurred with by the Multi-Family Housing Preservation and
Revitalization Demonstration (MPR) program, the MPR transaction may be
underwritten.

For the purposes of the MPR, the restructuring transactions will be identified
in three categories:

1. Simple transactions, which involve no change in ownership.

2. Complex transactions, which may consist of a project transfer to a new
ownership, processed in accordance with 7 CFR 3560.406, with or without a
consolidation, or transactions requiring a subordination agreement as a result
of third-party funds. The applicant will submit one pre-application form. If a
consolidation is proposed, all projects to be consolidated must be submitted on
one pre-application form and be located in the same market area.

To be considered in the same market area, projects must be: in a neighborhood or
similar area where the property competes for tenants; managed under one
management plan and one management agreement; and, in sufficiently close
proximity to permit convenient and efficient management of the property.

Applicants should discuss proposed consolidations with the Rural Development
State Office in the State where the projects are located prior to filing their
MPR pre-application to ensure Rural Development concurs with the application's
market area estimation.

If either the Agency or the owner chooses to remove one or more projects from
the proposal, this may be done without affecting the eligibility of the complex
transaction. To be a complex transaction, the Agency assumes only one project
remains at the MPR closing.

3. Portfolio transactions includes two or more projects with one stay-in owner,
or two or more projects with multiple project sale transactions to a common
purchaser all located in one State: a stay-in-owner is defined as an existing
Section 515 or Sections 514/516 borrower who owns two or more properties either
as a single ownership entity or as separate legal entities with at least one
common general partner. Each project included in the transaction will be
submitted on a separate pre-application form unless some projects are located in
the same market area, as defined above, and are being consolidated. Any projects
in the portfolio proposed to be consolidated will be listed on the same
pre-application form. Each pre-application must have the same portfolio name. If
the owner chooses to remove one or more projects from the proposal, at least two
projects must remain in order to be classified as a portfolio transaction. At
the end of the transaction, the Agency assumes there will be two or more
projects. The stay-in owner or common purchaser must have at least one general
partner in common.

A transaction within each category may utilize any or all restructuring tools.
Restructuring tools available through the MPR program will be used to address
preservation and rehabilitation items identified in the Agency-accepted CNA.

Liens against the project, with the exception of Agency-deferred debt, cannot
exceed the Agency-approved security value of the project. All Agency debt,
either in first lien position or a subordinated lien position, must be secured
by the project, except deferred debt, which is not included in the Agency's
total lien position for computation of the Agency's security value. Payment of
any deferred debt will not be required from normal project operations income,
but from excess cash from project operations after all other secured debts are
satisfied or as directed by the Agency.

The general steps of the MPR application process are as follows:

1. Pre-application: Applicants must submit a pre-application as described in
Section VI below. This pre-application process is designed to lessen the cost
burden on all applicants, including those who may not be eligible or whose
proposals may not be feasible.
Note:

If you receive a loan or grant award under this Notice, USDA reserves the right
to post all information submitted as part of the pre-application/application
package, which is not protected under the Privacy Act, on a public Web site with
free and open access to any member of the public.

2. Eligible Projects: Using criteria described below in Section III, the Agency
will conduct an initial screening for eligibility. As described in Section VIII
below, the Agency will conduct an additional eligibility screening later in the
selection process.

3. Scoring and Ranking: All complete, eligible and timely-filed pre-applications
will be scored, ranked and put in potential funding categories as discussed in
Sections VI and VII below.

4. Formal Applications: Top ranked pre-applicants will receive a letter from the
Agency inviting them to submit a formal application. As discussed in Section
VIII paragraph (2) of this Notice, the Agency will require the owner to provide
a CNA completed in accordance with the Agency's published guidance (available at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/HMF_MPR.html) to underwrite the proposal to determine
financial feasibility. Applicants will be informed of any proposals that are
determined to be ineligible or financially infeasible. Any proposal denied by
the Agency will be returned to the applicant, and the applicant will be given
appeal rights pursuant to 7 CFR part 11.

5. Financial Feasibility: The Agency will use the results of the CNA to help
identify the need for resources and applicant provided information regarding
anticipated or available third-party financing, in order to determine the
financial feasibility of each potential transaction, using restructuring tools
available either through existing regulatory authorities or specifically
authorized through this demonstration program. A project is financially feasible
when it can provide affordable, decent, safe, and sanitary housing for 20 years
or the remaining term of any Agency loan, whichever ends later, by using the
authorities of this program while minimizing the cost to the Agency, and without
increasing rents for eligible tenants or farm laborers, except when necessary to
meet normal and necessary operating expenses. If the transaction is determined
financially feasible by the Agency, the borrower will be offered a restructuring
proposal, subject to available funding. This will include a requirement that the
borrower execute, for recordation, an Agency-approved restrictive-use covenant
for a period of 20 years, the remaining term of any loans, or the remaining term
of any existing restrictive-use provisions, whichever ends later. The
restructuring proposal will be established in the MPRCC.

6. MPR Agreements: If the offer is accepted by the applicant, the applicant must
sign and return the MPRCC. By accepting the offer, the applicant agrees to the
terms of the MPRCC. Any third-party lender will be required to subordinate to
the Agency's restrictive-use covenant unless the Agency determines, on a
case-by-case basis, that the lender's refusal to subordinate will not compromise
the purpose of the MPR.

7. General Requirements: The MPR transactions may be conducted with a stay-in
owner (simple) or may involve a change in ownership (complex or portfolio). Any
housing or related facilities that are constructed or repaired must meet the
Agency design and construction standards and the development standards contained
in 7 CFR part 1924, subparts A and C, respectively. Once constructed, Section
515 MFH and Sections 514/516 FLH projects must be managed in accordance with 7
CFR part 3560. Tenant eligibility will be limited to persons who qualify as an
eligible household under Agency regulations. Tenant eligibility requirements are
contained in 7 CFR 3560.152.
II. Award Information Back to Top

The Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2014, Public Law 113-76 (January 17, 2014),
appropriated $20 million in budget authority to operate the MPR demonstration
program. The budget authority is anticipated to make approximately $37.8 million
available in program funds depending on the funding tools used. This funding
remains available until expended.

All Agency funding of applications selected under this Notice must be approved
no later than September 30, 2016. Any pre-applications selected under this
Notice, not approved by the Agency prior to September 30, 2016, will be
considered withdrawn automatically, however, the applicants may reapply for
funding under future Notices.

Applicants are alerted that the Agency has unfunded applications carried over
from prior Notices that will receive priority based on those Notices. If funds
available for the MPR are fully committed before all eligible pre-applications
selected for further processing under this Notice, or prior Notices, are funded,
the Agency shall suspend further processing of the pre-applications at that
time.
III. Eligibility Information Back to Top

Applicants (and the principals associated with each applicant) must meet the
following requirements:

1. All applicants must meet the eligibility requirements included in 7 CFR
3560.55 and 3560.555. This Notice will require the selected applicants to make
the required equity contribution as outlined in 3560.63(c). Loan applicants will
not be given consideration for any increased equity value the property may have
since the initial loan. Eligibility also includes the continued ability of the
borrower/applicant to provide acceptable management and will include an
evaluation of any current outstanding deficiencies. Any outstanding violations,
recorded in the Agency's Automated MFH Information System (MFIS), will preclude
further processing of any MPR applications associated with the borrower or
Identity of Interest (IOI) management agent unless there is a current, approved
workout plan in place and the plan has been satisfactorily followed for a
minimum of 6 consecutive months, as determined by the Agency.

2. For Section 515 RRH projects, the average physical vacancy rate for the 12
months preceding the NOFA publication date can be no more than 10 percent for
projects consisting of 16 or more revenue units and no more than 15 percent for
projects less than 16 revenue units unless an exception applies under Section VI
paragraph (1)(iii) of this Notice. If a project consolidation is involved, the
consolidation will remain eligible so long as the average vacancy rate for each
individual project meets the occupancy standard noted in this paragraph.
Projects that do not meet the occupancy threshold at the time of filing the
application may be withdrawn by the owner or the Agency without jeopardizing the
application.

3. For Sections 514/516 FLH projects, rather than an average physical vacancy
rate as noted in III(2) above, a positive cash flow for the previous full 3
years of operation is required unless an exception applies under Section VI
paragraph (1)(iii) of this Notice.

4. Ownership of and ability to operate the project after the transaction is
completed. In the event of a transfer, the proposed transferee must submit an
executed purchase agreement or other evidence of site control in the name of the
individual or entity proposing to purchase the property.

5. An Agency-approved CNA (for guidance refer to
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/HMF_MPR.html) and an Agency financial evaluation must
be conducted to ensure that utilization of the restructuring tools of the MPR
program is financially feasible and necessary for the revitalization and
preservation of the project for affordable housing. Initial eligibility for
processing will be determined as of the date of the pre-application filing
deadline. The Agency reserves the right to discontinue processing any
application due to material changes in the applicant's status occurring at any
time after the initial eligibility determination.

6. Please note that all grant-eligible applicants must obtain a Dun and
Bradstreet Data Universal Numbering System (DUNS) number and register in the
Central Contractor Registration (CCR) prior to submitting a pre-application
pursuant to 2 CFR 25.200(b). In addition, an entity applicant must maintain
registration in the CCR database at all times during which it has an active
Federal award or an application or plan under consideration by the Agency.
Similarly, all recipients of Federal Financial Assistance are required to report
information about first-tier sub-awards and executive compensation, in
accordance with 2 CFR part 170. So long as an entity applicant does not have an
exception under 2 CFR 170.110(b), the applicant must have the necessary
processes and systems in place to comply with the reporting requirements should
the applicant receive funding. See 2 CFR 170.200(b).
IV. Equal Opportunity and Nondiscrimination Requirements Back to Top

USDA is an equal opportunity provider, employer, and lender.

1. Borrowers and applicants will comply with the provisions of 7 CFR 3560.2.

2. All housing must meet the accessibility requirements found at 7 CFR
3560.60(d).

3. All MPR participants must submit or have on file a valid Form RD 400-1,
"Equal Opportunity Agreement" and Form RD 400-4, "Assurance Agreement."

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) prohibits discrimination against its
customers, employees, and applicants for employment on the bases of race, color,
national origin, age, disability, sex, gender identity, religion, reprisal, and
where applicable, political beliefs, marital status, familial or parental
status, sexual orientation, or all or part of an individual's income is derived
from any public assistance program, or protected genetic information in
employment or in any program or activity conducted or funded by the Department.
(Not all prohibited bases will apply to all programs and/or employment
activities).

If you wish to file a Civil Rights program complaint of discrimination, complete
the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint Form (PDF), found online at
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html, or at any USDA office, or
call (866) 632-9992 to request the form. You may also write a letter containing
all of the information requested in the form. Send your completed complaint form
or letter to us by mail at U.S. Department of Agriculture, Director, Office of
Adjudication, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-9410, by fax
(202) 690-7442 or email at program.intake@usda.gov

Individuals who are deaf, hard of hearing or have speech disabilities and who
wish to file either an EEO or program complaint may contact USDA through the
Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339 or (800) 845-6136 (in Spanish). Persons
with disabilities who wish to file a program complaint, please see information
above on how to contact us by mail directly or by email. If you require
alternative means of communication for program information (e.g., Braille, large
print, audiotape, etc.) please contact USDA's TARGET Center at (202) 720-2600
(voice and TDD).
V. Authorities Available for MPR Back to Top

MPR tools will be used in accordance with 7 CFR part 3560. The program will be
administered within the resources available to the Agency through Public Law
113-76 and any future appropriations for the preservation and revitalization of
Sections 514/516 and Section 515-financed projects. In the event that any
provisions of 7 CFR part 3560 conflict with this demonstration program, the
provisions of the MPR will take precedence.
VI. Application and Submission Information Back to Top

1. The application submission and scoring process will be completed in two
phases in order to avoid unnecessary effort and expense on the part of
applicants.

Phase I--The first phase is the pre-application process. The applicant must
submit a complete pre-application by the deadline listed under the "DATES"
section of this Notice. The applicant's submission will be classified as
"complete" when the MPR pre-application form is received in the correct format
and place as described in this Notice for each MPR proposal the applicant wishes
to be considered in the demonstration program. In the event the MPR proposal
involves a project consolidation, it will be completed in accordance with 7 CFR
3560.410. One pre-application for the proposed consolidated project is required
and must identify each project included in the consolidation. If the MPR
proposal involves a portfolio transaction (sale or stay-in owner), one
pre-application for each project in the portfolio is required and each
pre-application must identify each project included in the portfolio
transaction. In order for the pre-application to be considered complete, all
applicable information requested on the MPR pre-application form must be
provided. Additional information that must be provided with the pre-application
to be considered complete, when applicable, includes:

i. For all transfers of ownership, a copy of a signed purchase agreement in the
name of the purchasing entity must be provided.

ii. A copy of a signed statement by all partners, agreeing to participate in the
program.

iii. Current market data (defined as no more than 6 months old at time of
filing) for any project not meeting the occupancy standards cited in Section III
(2) and (3) above. The market data must demonstrate there is market demand for
the project evidenced by waiting lists and a housing shortage confirmed by local
housing agencies and realtors, as determined by the Agency. The market data must
show a clear need and demand for the project once a restructuring transaction is
completed. The results of the survey of existing or proposed rental or labor
housing, including complex name, location, number of units, bedroom mix, family
or elderly type, year built, and rent charges must be provided, as well as the
existing vacancy rate of all available rental units in the community, their
waiting lists and amenities, and the availability of RA or other subsidies. The
Agency will determine whether or not the proposal has market feasibility based
on the data provided by the applicant. Any costs associated with the completion
of the market data is NOT an eligible program project expense.

Unless an exception under this section applies, the requirements stated in
Section III, paragraph (2) and (3) of this Notice must be met.
Note:

All documents must be received on or before the pre-application closing deadline
to be considered complete and timely filed. Pre-applications that do not include
a Purchase Agreement for transfer proposals or current market data for projects
that do not meet the occupancy standards of Section III paragraphs (2) and (3)
of this Notice, will be considered incomplete and will be returned to the
applicant with appeal rights.

Phase II--The second phase of the application process will be completed by the
Agency based on Agency records and the pre-application information submitted.
All complete, eligible, and timely-filed pre-applications will be scored and
ranked based on points received during this two-phase application process.
Further, the Agency will categorize each MPR proposal as being a Simple,
Complex, or Portfolio transactions based on the information submitted on the
pre-application, in accordance with the category descriptions provided in
Section I of this Notice.

2. Pre-applications can be submitted either electronically or in hard copy. The
Agency will record pre-applications received electronically by the actual date
and time received in the MPR Web site mail box. This date may impact ranking of
the application as discussed under section VII. For all hard copy
pre-applications received, the recorded receipt time will be the close of
business time for the day received, for the location to which the
pre-applications are sent. Assistance for filing electronic and hard copy
pre-applications can be obtained from any Rural Development State Office. A
listing of State Offices, their addresses, telephone numbers and person to
contact is included under the ADDRESSES of this Notice.

The pre-application is an Adobe Acrobat format and may be completed as a
fillable form. The form contains a button labeled "Submit by Email." Clicking on
the button will result in an email containing a completed pre-application being
sent to the MPR Web site mail box for consideration. If a purchase agreement or
market survey is required, these additional documents are to be attached to the
resulting email prior to submission.

Pre-application forms may be downloaded from the Agency's Web site at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/HMF_MPR.html or obtained by contacting the State
Office in the State the project is located.
VII. Selection for Processing Back to Top

A. Pre-application ranking points will be based on information provided during
the submission process and in Agency records. Only timely, complete
pre-applications will be ranked. Points will be awarded as follows:

1. Contribution of other sources of funds. Other funds are those discussed in
items (i) through (vi) of Section I of this Notice. Points will be awarded based
on documented written evidence that the funds are committed, as determined by
the Agency. The maximum points awarded for this criterion is 25 points. These
points will be awarded in the following manner:

i. Evidence of a commitment of at least $3,000 to $5,000 per unit per project
from other sources--15 points, or

ii. Evidence of a commitment greater than $5,000 per unit per project from other
sources--25 points.

2. Owner contribution. Points will be awarded if the owner agrees to make a
contribution of at least $10,000 per project to pay transaction costs. (These
funds cannot be from the project's reserve, operating funds, tax credit equity
or be in the form of donated services provided by the applicant.) Transaction
costs are defined as those Agency-approved costs required to complete the
transaction under this Notice and include, but are not limited to the CNA, legal
and closing costs, appraisal costs and filing/recording fees. This contribution
must be deposited into the respective project reserve account prior to closing
the MPR transaction from the owner's non-project resources. 20 points.

3. Owner contribution for the hard costs of construction. (These funds cannot be
from the project's reserve account or project's general operating account or in
the form of a loan.) Hard costs of construction are defined as those costs for
materials, equipment, property or machinery required to complete the proposal
under this Notice. Hard costs must be itemized on Form RD 1924-13, "Estimate and
Certificate of Actual Cost". Form RD 1924-13 can be found at:
http://forms.sc.egov.usda.gov/efcommon/eFileServices/eForms/RD1924-13.PDF.

The minimum contribution required to receive these points is $1,000 per unit per
project, which will be required to be deposited in the project reserve account
or supervised/construction account, as directed by Rural Development, prior to
closing. An increased Return to Owner (RTO) may be budgeted and allowed for
funds committed in accordance with 7 CFR 3560.406(d)(14)(ii). 10 points.

4. Special Initiatives and Memorandum of Understanding--Points may be awarded to
applications received from any State where there is a recognized, State-funded
program to be used for preservation and rehabilitation of existing Section 514
or Section 515 housing. To be eligible for these points, the State funds must be
provided in the form of a grant and must be for a minimum of 30 percent of the
total development cost. State funds do not need to be committed at the time of
the application, however, if selected to proceed, the applicant must provide a
written commitment of the funds from the State Agency within 45 days of
selection. Failure to provide this information may result in the Agency
withdrawing the pre-application. 15 points.

5. Age of project. For a project consolidation (including portfolio
transactions) proposal, the project with the earliest operational date
(operational date is the date the project initially placed in service and
documented in the Agency's Multi-Family Housing Information System (MFIS)) will
be used in determining the age of the project. Since the age of the project and
the date the project placed in service are directly related to physical needs, a
maximum of 30 points will be awarded based on the following criteria:

i. Projects with initial operational dates prior to December 21, 1979--30
points.

ii. Projects with initial operational dates on or after December 21, 1979, but
before December 15, 1989--20 points.

iii. Projects with initial operational dates on or after December 15, 1989, but
before October 1, 1991--10 points.

iv. Projects with initial operational dates on or after October 1, 1991--0
points.

6. Projects with open physical findings. The Agency may award up to 25 points to
pre-applications involving projects that have been adversely impacted by an act
of nature or where physical and/or financial deterioration or management
deficiencies exist. Projects with Open Physical Findings classified "B", "C" or
"D", as defined below, will be awarded in the following manner:
i. CLASS "D" PROJECTS

Class "D" projects are those projects that are in default and may be taken into
inventory, be lost to the program, or cause the displacement of tenants.
Defaults can be monetary or non-monetary. Projects in non-monetary default are
those where the Agency has notified the borrower of a violation using the
Agency's servicing letter process, and the borrower has not addressed the
violation to the Agency's satisfaction.
ii. CLASS "C" PROJECTS

Class "C" projects are projects with open physical findings or violations, which
are not associated to a workout plan and/or transition plan. This can include
projects with violations where a servicing letter has been issued but 60 days
have not passed since the issuance of the first servicing letter.
iii. CLASS "B" PROJECTS

Class "B" projects indicate the Agency has taken servicing steps and the
borrower is cooperating to resolve identified findings or violations by
associating a workout plan and/or transition plan.

(a) For transfer proposals:

1. For projects classified as a "C" or "D" for 24 months or more--20 points.

2. For projects classified as a "C" or "D" for less than 24 months--15 points.

(b) Stay-in owner proposals:

1. For projects classified as a "B" as a result of a workout plan and/or
transition plan approved by the Agency prior to January 1, 2014--25 points.

2. Projects with an Agency "C" classification for 12 months or longer with open
physical findings at the time the MPR pre-application is filed, will not be
eligible to participate in the MPR.

7. Proposed or Closed Sale of Section 515 projects to Non-Profit/Public Housing
Authority. The Agency will award 20 points for projects that have been sold to
non-profit organizations under the prepayment process as explained in 7 CFR part
3560, Subpart N. To receive points, the borrower/applicant must provide a copy
of the purchase agreement and filed deed (if sale is already closed to an
eligible non-profit or public body)--20 points.

8. Prior approved CNAs. In the interest of ensuring timely application
processing and underwriting, the Agency will award up to 20 points for projects
with CNAs already approved by the Agency. "Approved" means the date the CNA or
an updated CNA was previously reviewed and approved by the Agency. CNAs or
updates before October 1, 2012, may not be used for MPR underwriting without an
update approved by the Agency. Points will be awarded for:

i. CNAs approved on or after October 1, 2013, but prior to the publication of
this Notice--20 points.

ii. CNAs approved on or after October 1, 2012, but prior to October 1, 2013--10
points.

9. Tenant service provision. The Agency will award 5 points for applications
that include new services provided by either a for-profit or a non-profit
organization, which may include a faith-based organization, or by another
Government agency. Such services shall be provided at no cost to the project and
shall be made available to all tenants. Examples of such services may include
transportation for the elderly, after-school day care services or after-school
tutoring.

10. For portfolio sales and project consolidations, the Agency will award the
following points: Proposal does not involve a consolidation of properties (0
points); proposal involves a consolidation of 2-4 properties (5 points);
proposal involves a consolidation of 5 or more properties (10 points).

11. Energy Conservation, Energy Generation, and Green Property Management. Under
the MPR Energy Initiatives, projects may receive a maximum of 42 points under
three categories: Energy Conservation, Energy Generation, and Green Property
Management.
i. Energy Conservation--30 points

Pre-applications for rehabilitation and preservation of projects may be eligible
to receive a maximum of 30 points for the following energy conservation
measures.

(a) Participation in the Green Communities program by the Enterprise Community
Partners, http://www.enterprisecommunity.com/solutions-and-innovation/enterprise
green-communities, or an equivalent Agency-approved program will be awarded 30
points for any project that qualifies for the program. At least 30 percent of
the points needed to qualify for the Green Communities program must be earned
under the Energy Efficiency section of the Green Communities qualification
program. Green Communities has an initial checklist indicating prerequisites for
participation. Each applicant must provide a checklist establishing that the
prerequisites for each program's participation will be met. All checklists must
be accompanied by a signed affidavit by the project architect or engineer
stating that the goals are achievable.

(b) If you are not enrolling in the Green Communities program, then points can
be accumulated for each of the following items up to a total of 20 points.
Provide documentation to substantiate your answers below:

1. This proposal includes the replacement of heating, ventilation, and air
conditioning (HVAC) equipment with Energy Star qualified heating, ventilation,
and air conditioning equipment. 3 points.

2. This proposal includes the replacement of windows and doors with Energy Star
qualified windows and doors. 3 points.

3. This proposal includes additional attic and wall insulation that exceeds the
required R-Value of these building elements for your areas as per the
International Energy Conservation Code 2012. Two points will be awarded if all
exterior walls exceed insulation code, and 1 point will be awarded if attic
insulation exceeds code for a maximum of 3 points.

4. This proposal includes the reduction in building shell air leakage by at
least 15 percent as determined by pre- and post-rehab blower door testing on a
sample of units. Building shell air leakage may be reduced through materials
such as caulk, spray foam, gaskets and house-wrap. Sealing of duct work with
mastic, foil-backed tape, or aerosolized duct sealants can also help reduce air
leakage. 3 points.

5. This proposal includes 100 percent of installed appliances and exhaust fans
that are Energy Star qualified. 2 points.

6. This proposal includes 100 percent of installed water heaters that are Energy
Star qualified. 2 points.

7. This proposal includes replacement of 100 percent of toilets with flush
capacity of more than 1.6 gallon flush capacity with new toilets having 1.6
gallon flush capacity or less, and with Environment Protection Agency (EPA)
Water Sense label. 1 point.

8. This proposal includes 100 percent of new showerheads with EPA Water Sense
label. 1 point.

9. This proposal includes 100 percent of new faucets with EPA Water Sense label.
1 point.

10. This proposal includes 100 percent energy-efficient lighting including
Energy Star qualified fixtures, compact fluorescent replacement bulbs in
standard incandescent fixtures and Energy Star ceiling fans. 1 point.

and

(c) Participation in local green/energy efficient building standards. Applicants
who participate in a city, county, or municipality program will receive an
additional 2 points. The applicant should be aware and look for additional
requirements that are sometimes embedded in the third-party program's rating and
verification systems. 2 points.
ii. Energy Generation (Maximum 5 Points)

Pre-applications which participate in the Green Communities program by the
Enterprise Community Partners or an equivalent Agency-approved program or
receive at least 20 points for Energy Conservation measures are eligible to earn
additional points for installation of on-site renewable energy sources.
Renewable, on-site energy generation will complement a weather-tight,
well-insulated building envelope with highly efficient mechanical systems.
Possible renewable energy generation technologies include, but are not limited
to: wind turbines and micro-turbines, micro-hydro power, photovoltaic (capable
of producing a voltage when exposed to radiant energy, especially light), solar
hot water systems and biomass/biofuel systems that do not use fossil fuels in
production. Geo-exchange systems are highly encouraged as they lessen the total
demand for energy and, if supplemented with other renewable energy sources, can
achieve zero energy consumption more easily.

Points under this paragraph will be awarded as follows. Projects with
preliminary or rehabilitation building plans and energy analysis that propose a
10 percent to 100 percent energy generation commitment (where generation is
considered to be the total amount of energy needed to be generated on-site to
make the building a net-zero consumer of energy) may be awarded points
corresponding to their percent of commitment as follows:

(a) 0 to 9 percent commitment to energy generation receives 0 points;

(b) 10 to 20 percent commitment to energy generation receives 1 point;

(c) 21 to 40 percent commitment to energy generation receives 2 points;

(d) 41 to 60 percent commitment to energy generation receives 3 points;

(e) 61 to 80 percent commitment to energy generation receives 4 points; or

(f) 81 to 100 percent or more commitment to energy generation receives 5 points.

In order to receive more than 1 point for this energy generation paragraph, an
accurate energy analysis prepared by an engineer will need to be submitted with
the pre-application. Energy analysis of preliminary building plans using
industry-recognized simulation software must document the projected total energy
consumption of the building, the portion of building consumption which will be
satisfied through on-site generation, and the building's Home Energy Rating
System (HERS) score.
iii. Green Property Management Credentials--5 Points

Pre-applications may be awarded an additional 5 points if the designated
property management company or individuals that will assume maintenance and
operations responsibilities upon completion of construction work have a
Credential for Green Property Management. Credentialing can be obtained from the
National Apartment Association (NAA), National Affordable Housing Management
Association, The Institute for Real Estate Management, U.S. Green Building
Council's Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design for Operations and
Maintenance (LEED OM), or another Agency-approved source with a certifiable
credentialing program. Credentialing must be illustrated in the resume(s) of the
property management team and included with the pre-application.

The Agency will total the points awarded to each pre-application received within
the timeframes of this Notice and rank each pre-application according to total
score. If point totals are equal, the earliest time and date the pre-application
was received by the Agency will determine the ranking. In the event
pre-applications are still tied, they will be further ranked by giving priority
to those projects with the earliest Rural Development operational date as
defined under section VII (5).
B. Confirmation of Eligibility

Eligibility will be confirmed after ranking is completed on the 10
highest-scoring pre-applications in each State. If one or more of the 10
highest-scoring pre-applications is determined ineligible (i.e., the applicant
is a borrower that is not in good standing with the Agency or has been debarred
or suspended by the Agency, etc.), then the next highest-scoring pre-application
will be confirmed for eligibility.

If one or more of the 10 highest-ranking pre-applications is a portfolio
transaction, eligibility determinations will be conducted on each
pre-application associated with the portfolio. Should any of the
pre-applications associated with the portfolio sale be determined ineligible,
those ineligible pre-application(s) will be rejected, but the overall
eligibility of the portfolio sale will not be affected as long as the
requirements in Section I and other provisions of this Notice are met.

If one or more of the 10 highest-ranking pre-applications in a State is a
project consolidation, and one of the projects involved in the consolidation
does not meet the occupancy standards cited in Section III (2), that project(s)
will be determined ineligible and eliminated from the proposed consolidation
transaction.
C. Selection of Pre-Applications for Further Processing

Once ranking and eligibility confirmations are complete, the Agency will conduct
a four-step process, described below, to select eligible pre-applications for
submission of formal applications. This process will allow the Agency to develop
a representative sampling of revitalization transaction types, assure geographic
distribution, and assure an adequate pipeline of transactions to use all
available funding. No State may have more than four pre-applications selected
for submission of formal applications (3-MFH pre-applications and 1-FLH). If an
insufficient number of pre-applications are received to use available funds, the
Agency, at its sole discretion, may exceed the maximum pre-application cap per
State. All MPR tools are available to be used on both Sections 514/516 and
Section 515 projects.

Step One: The Agency will review the eligible pre-applications, categorize each
pre-application as either Simple, Complex, or Portfolio (see section I), and
sort them by State.

Step Two: The Agency will select, for further processing, the top-ranked
portfolio transactions until a total of $50,000,000 in potential debt deferral
is reached. Portfolio transactions will be limited to one per State (either RRH
or FLH) and will count as one MPR transaction. A portfolio transaction, as
defined in section I, will be limited to a maximum of 15 projects.

Step Three: The highest ranked complex transactions (RRH or FLH) will be
selected for further processing, not to exceed one per State.

Step Four: Additional projects will be selected from the highest ranked eligible
pre-applications involving simple transactions in each State until a total of
three RRH pre-applications for MPR transactions are reached. If a FLH complex
transaction has not been selected in Step Three above, one additional FLH
project will be selected from the highest ranked eligible pre-applications
involving FLH simple transactions, until a total of four MPR pre-applications
per State is reached. States that do not have a FLH pre-application will be
limited to three MPR pre-applications.

If there are insufficient funds for all projects under any step, the Agency may
suspend further selections.

Any selected eligible applications from this Notice or prior Notices will be
carried over to the next fiscal year for consideration. Any such unfunded
pre-applications not approved by the Agency prior to September 30, 2016, will
automatically be considered withdrawn by the Agency. Applicants, however, may
reapply for funding under future Notices.
VIII. Processing of Selected Pre-Applications Back to Top

Those eligible pre-applications that are ranked and then selected for further
processing will be invited to submit a formal application on SF 424,
"Application for Federal Assistance." Those eligible pre-applications that are
not selected for further processing will be retained by the Agency unless they
are withdrawn according to this Notice. Applicants rejected will be notified
their pre-applications were not selected and advised of their appeal rights
under 7 CFR part 11. In the event a pre-application is selected for further
processing and the applicant declines, the next highest ranked pre-application
of the same transaction type in that State will be selected provided there is no
change in the preliminary eligibility of the pre-applicant. If there are no
other pre-applications of the same transaction type, then the next
highest-ranked pre-application, regardless of transaction type, will be
selected.

Applications (SF 424s) can be obtained and completed online. An electronic
version of this form may be found on the internet at
http://www.grants.gov/web/grants/forms.html. A hard copy may be obtained by
contacting the State Office in the State where the project is located and can be
submitted either electronically or in hard copy (refer to Section X for a
listing of State Offices).

Awards made under this Notice are subject to the provisions contained in the
Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related
Agencies Appropriations Act, 2012, Public Law 112-55, Division A sections 738
and 739 regarding corporate felony convictions and corporate Federal tax
delinquencies. In accordance with those provisions, only selected applicants
that are or propose to be corporations will submit this form as part of their
MPR application. To comply with these provisions, all corporate applicants must
submit an executed for AD-3030 which can be found online at:
http://www.ocio.usda.gov/forms/ocio_forms.html.

If a pre-application is accepted for further processing, the applicant must
submit additional information needed to demonstrate eligibility and feasibility
(such as a CNA), consistent with this Notice and 7 CFR part 3560, prior to the
issuance of any restructuring offer. The Agency will provide additional guidance
to the applicant and request information and documents necessary to complete the
underwriting and review process. Since the character of each application may
vary substantially depending on the type of transaction proposed, information
requirements will be provided as appropriate. Complete project information must
be submitted as soon as possible, but in no case later than 45 calendar days
from the date of Agency notification of the applicant's selection for further
processing or September 1, 2015, whichever occurs first. Failure to submit the
required information in a timely manner may result in the Agency discontinuing
the processing of the request.

The Agency will work with the applicants selected for further processing in
accordance with the following:

1. Based on the feasibility of the type of transaction that will best suit the
project and the availability of funds, further eligibility confirmation
determinations will be conducted by the Agency.

2. If an Agency-approved CNA has not already been submitted to the Agency, an
Agency-approved CNA will be required (see 7 CFR 3560.103(c) and the Agency's
published "Guidance on the Capital Needs Assessment Process" available at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/HMF_MPR.html and the CNA Statement of Work together
with any non-conflicting amendments). Agency-approved CNAs must be prepared by a
qualified independent contractor, and are obtained to determine needed repairs
and any necessary adjustments to the reserve account for long-term project
viability.

3. Underwriting will be conducted by the Agency. The feasibility and structure
of each revitalization proposal will be based on the Agency's underwriting and
determination of the restructuring tools that will minimize the cost to the
Government consistent with the purposes of this Notice.
IX. MPR Offers Back to Top

Approved MPR offers will be presented to successful applicants who will then
have up to 15 calendar days to accept or reject the offer in writing. If no
offer is made, the application will be rejected and appeal rights will be given.
Closing of MPR offers will occur within 90 days of acceptance by the applicant
unless extended in writing by the Agency.
X. Appeal Process Back to Top

All adverse determinations are appealable pursuant to 7 CFR part 11.
Instructions on the appeal process will be provided at the time an applicant is
notified of the adverse action.Show citation box

Dated: September 15, 2014.

Tony Hernandez,

Administrator, Rural Housing Service.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             601 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               New Era (Windhoek)

                            November 12, 2010 Friday

Super Dairy Farm Workers Get Houses

BYLINE: Catherine Sasman

LENGTH: 487  words

DATELINE: Mariental


Fifty-four houses were handed over to workers of the Ohlthaver List Super Dairy
Farm east of Empelheim at Mariental yesterday.

Namibia Dairies and the Mariental Municipality jointly pledged N$3.5 million to
the Build Together Loan Scheme for the houses.

Handing over the houses to the new owners, Minister of Regional and Local
Government, Housing and Rural Development, Jerry Ekandjo, said he appreciates
the fact that the houses are not in Windhoek, and that the handover represents
development in other regions.

The six street names that run through the new Namibia Dairy Village are all
aptly given names such as Milky Lane, Farm Fresh Street, Nammilk Street,
Oshikandela Street, Oshitaka Street, and Omaere Street.

"It is good for the local economy and for the Hardap Region," said the minister,
calling on other private companies to emulate the example by Ohlthaver List to
reduce the housing backlog that was identified during the National Plan
Development 3 (NDP) process that stated an outstanding 80000 housing need.

Managing Director of Namibia Dairies, Hubertus Hamm, said local contractors from
Mariental were used to build the houses.

He said the construction of the houses was necessitated by the migration of
Namibia Dairies' Pardah and Gochaganas dairy ope-rations to the new !Aimab
Superfarm site.

The Super Dairy Farm outside Mariental is a modern, state-of-the-art
multi-million-dollar milk production facility and ultra modern dairy farm that
produces high quality, hormone-free milk for world-class dairy products.

Hamm said the company will have in the near future a state-of-the-art biogas
plant, which he said would not only benefit the company but also the entire
Hardap Region, challenging other regional council and local authority structures
to forge business relations with the private sector by providing affordable land
and housing within their communities.

"Projects of this nature will drive economic growth, development in the regions
and over time alleviate the housing shortage and stimulate the economy of the
region," said Hamm.

Mariental Mayor, Willem Mensah, said the town is currently laying out new plots
for residential and business purposes, as well as the construction of more
houses under the decentralised Build Together Housing Programme.

"We are thus serious in catching up with the housing needs in Mariental," said
Mensah.

Executive Chairperson of the Ohlthaver List Group, Sven Thieme, said the company
has allowed farmers to rebuild their herds and make investments in more
sophisticated technology.

He said the company remains focused on the national development agenda "by
making good use of all the local and global business opportunities in order to
seize and snatch these opportunities to align our business better, come Vision
2030".

The Ohlthaver List Group of Companies was recently identified as the second best
- after the American franchise McDonald's - company to work for.

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             602 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                            January 3, 2009 Saturday

Selangor has to clear property overhang

BYLINE: V. Thomas

SECTION: ; Letter to the editor; LOCAL; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 558 words


THE Selangor government needs to consider the subprime crisis, which resulted
from the United States housing boom in the last two decades and which has now
triggered the global financial turmoil, and apply the lessons learnt to avert
similar problems in the state.

It needs to freeze new commercial and housing developments to mop up the
property overhang accumulated in the last 10 years since the 1997 Asian
financial crisis.

There are thousands of unoccupied, untenanted and abandoned houses, shops and
factories which are a future time bomb for the banks and borrowers now
experiencing greater difficulty in recouping or repaying the loans due to the
slowdown.

Thousands of property buyers are forced to pay for properties that are almost
useless to them. Billions of ringgit worth of houses and shops remain unsold or
not rented out while many projects have been abandoned.

With bank loan applications now under stricter processing and the price increase
of construction materials hiking up costs, the freeze will have a salutary
effect on the economy and possibly spare a crisis in the years ahead.

The government should not equate property development and construction
activities to symbolising economic growth and continue to approve projects.
Instead, investors could be encouraged with incentives to start industries that
can provide employment and income for the people, and which will also spur
multiplier effects in urban and rural areas.

The freeze will help the government take stock of the situation and enable the
population increase, the newly employed, investors, rural-urban migrants and
such to mop up the property overhang.

The freeze will also help revive abandoned projects, and a three- to five-year
freeze will be good for the construction industry and buyers to prevent problems
and losses.

To help buyers, the government needs to create a mechanism to cut through the
legal tangle and wrangle affecting abandoned projects to enable them to restart.
The longer the delay, the more problematic abandoned projects become. It must be
made an offence for developers who abandon projects, which not only cause
hardship to buyers but are also eyesores and health hazards.

Approve only projects deemed essential, such as low cost housing or where
development as a catalyst is necessary. Moreover, many developers are slowing
down due to the weaker demand.

The government also needs to come up with some reasonable guidelines on the
number of shops in proportion to residential units in housing estates. In some
areas, the ratio of shops to houses is so large that many shops remain
unoccupied even after years, which is a waste of economic resources. It will be
better to have limits to enable investors to reap reasonable returns from their
commercial properties.

The environment too will be spared by the freeze in the interim as developers
are known to clear large areas for earthworks to prepare the sites for
development, and this contributes to erosion, silting, warming and river
pollution.

The Pakatan Rakyat government acts on the principle that the people's well-being
comes first, and one of the best ways to do that is to mop up the property
overhang.

Another way is to ensure that people are not enticed by glossy brochures and
hyped up prospects into buying in these difficult times and regret later.

V. Thomas

Sungai Buloh Selangor

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2009 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad
                              All Rights Reserved


                             603 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Trust (Abuja)

                           October 13, 2011 Thursday

Housing Minister Lays Foundation for 240 Mass Housing Units in Abuja

BYLINE: Opeyemi Kehinde

LENGTH: 269  words


The federal minister of Lands and Housing Ms. Amma Pepple has laid the
foundation for the construction of over 240 mass housing units in the nation's
Federal Capital Territory (FCT), Abuja, aimed at providing affordable housing
for the masses.

The foundation laying event took place at the site near Apo Village, Abuja.

According to the minister, though there was have a housing deficit put at about
60-70 million in Nigeria, "we will do everything that is possible to ensure that
we provide good, quality housing accommodation for the masses of this country."

"We've been shouting social housing; building for the low-income earners."

"As we progressed forward, we will be able to discuss how we can help build more
housing for Nigerians. When you have a one bedroom or two bedrooms that the
price is lower, I am sure a lot of people would have access to it, by paying
through cooperatives or housing loans" Pepple said.

In his remark, the managing director of UACN Property Development Company Ltd,
Mr. Akeem Ogunniran said "we are going to make a statement with this estate."

"It's going to be our signature project in Abuja because we've tried to
accommodate various housing typology in this estate from bungalows, flats to
terraces, semi-detached and detached houses."

He said the company is willing and ready to collaborate with the federal
ministry of lands and housing.

"By building this estate, we would be contributing our quota to the development
of housing in Nigeria; reducing the huge housing deficit; and we're walking with
government to create the right platform for good houses to be built in this
country."

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             604 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 16, 2014 Tuesday

Agriculture, Rural Housing Service: Equal Opportunity Specialist DC-2014-0098A

LENGTH: 2782  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of Personnel Management has issued the following job announcement:

Job Title:Equal Opportunity Specialist

Department:Department Of Agriculture

Agency:Agriculture, Rural Housing Service

Job Announcement Number:DC-2014-0098A
SALARY RANGE:
 $89,924.00 to $116,901.00 / Per Year
OPEN PERIOD:
 Monday, September 15, 2014 to Wednesday, September 24, 2014
SERIES & GRADE:
 GS-0360-13
POSITION INFORMATION:
 Full-Time - Permanent
PROMOTION POTENTIAL:
13
DUTY LOCATIONS:
 1 vacancy in the following location:
Location Negotiable After Selection, United States
WHO MAY APPLY:
 Current permanent Federal Employees with competitive status, reinstatement
eligible, persons with  disabilities, VEOA eligibles, certain military spouses,
30% or more disabled veterans, former Peace Corps or VISTA volunteers,
CTAP/ICTAP eligibles, Farm Service Agency permanent county employees and those
eligibles for other Special Hiring Authorities.
SECURITY CLEARANCE:
 Public Trust - Background Investigation
SUPERVISORY STATUS:
 No
JOB SUMMARY:

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural Development Agency serves rural
communities throughout the country by investing in their communities through
housing and utility infrastructure, by increasing economic opportunity, and by
improving the quality of life for all rural Americans.  Rural Development
provides over 40 loan and grant programs in the Rural Housing and Community
Facilities Services, Rural Business and Cooperative Services, and Rural
Utilities Service. Rural Development supports a positive work environment and
promotes diversity and inclusion for nearly 5,000 employees.

Rural Development is a dynamic organization recruiting for employees who possess
the energy, compassion, and commitment to serve those in rural communities and
will enjoy working in a fast paced and results driven organization.  Our
commitment is to expand economic opportunity and quality of life in all of rural
America by providing financial programs to support essential public facilities
and services such as water and sewer systems, housing, health clinics, emergency
service facilities and electric and telephone service.  Rural Development offers
a friendly and professional working environment and such excellent benefits as:
a generous salary, alternative work schedules, paid vacation and sick leave,
paid holidays, retirement and supplemental savings plan, a wide array of health,
dental, vision, and life insurance plans, flexible spending accounts, and
long-term care insurance.


This position is located in the Program Compliance Branch (PCB), Civil Rights
Staff, Rural Development, Operations and Management. The PCB monitors, reviews,
and evaluates RD's compliance with civil rights/equal opportunity requirements
in federally-assisted and conducted RD programs involving Single Family and
Multi-Family Housing, Business and Cooperative Services, and Electric,
Telecommunications, Water and Waste Water.

This announcement may be used to fill additional vacancies that are identified
by the organization.

This is a virtual position that allows the selectee to remain in their current
post of duty.

Salary will be determined based on current duty location.
TRAVEL REQUIRED

Occasional Travel
    5 to 7 weeks per year.

RELOCATION AUTHORIZED

No

KEY REQUIREMENTS

US Citizenship is required.
    Selective Service Registration is required for males born after 12/31/1959.

DUTIES:
Back to top

Develop, analyze, evaluate and recommend policies, plans, regulations, standards
and procedures to assure equal access to all RD programs and services are
consistent with RD civil rights objectives, and suggest modifications where
needed.
    Assess program and compliance review procedures.
    Advise field staff on the proper execution of forms, instructions, and
guidelines.
    Serve as an adviser on program civil rights issues and procedures in the
interpretation of pertinent laws and regulations relating to specific program
problems.
    Develop and conduct program civil rights and compliance training.

QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED:
Back to top

Applicants must meet all requirements by the closing date of the announcement
including time-in-grade and demonstrated specialized experience.

Time in Grade: Applicants must meet one year at the next lower grade to be
considered for the next higher grade. (e.g.: one year at the GS-12 grade level
for consideration for the GS-13 grade level.)


Specialized experience: Applicant must possess one year of specialized
experience equivalent at the GS-12 or its non-federal equivalent and must be
directly related to the work of the position to be filled. Examples of
specialized experience is broad knowledge of pertinent executive orders and
civil rights laws, i.e., Title VI of the Civil Rights act of 1964, Title VII of
the Civil Rights act of 1968, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, Executive Orders
11246, 11250, age Discrimination act, section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of
1973, and Fair Housing amendments Act of 1988.

Education may not be substituted for experience at the GS-13 level.

NOTE: To be considered for this position, you must meet all qualification and
eligibility requirements for the GS-0360 series set forth in the Office of
Personnel Management (OPM) Qualification Standards by the closing date of the
announcement. A copy is available at:
http://www.opm.gov/qualifications/index.asp


o  Selectee must be able to obtain and maintain a security clearance. If
selected you may be subject to a National Agency Check and Inquiry (NACI) and a
credit report inquiry.
HOW YOU WILL BE EVALUATED:

You will be evaluated based on your qualifications for this position as
evidenced by the education, experience, and training you described in your
application package, as well as the responses to the Occupational Questionnaire
to determine the degree to which you possess the knowledge, skills, abilities
and competencies listed below:

Knowledge of Civil Rights
        Knowledge of Compliance and Program Investigative Methods and Techniques

        Written Communication
        Oral Communication

We will review your application, including the online Occupational
Questionnaire, to ensure you meet the job requirements and assess your ability
to perform this job. Before any certificate can be issued to the selecting
official, the resume and supporting documents are reviewed by an HR Specialist
to ensure that (a) minimum qualification requirements are met and (b) the resume
supports the answers provided to the job-specific questions. Your answers will
be verified against information provided in your online resume and application.
Be sure that your resume clearly supports your responses to all the questions
addressing experience and education relevant to this position.
    Applicants who meet the basic minimum qualification requirements and are
determined to be among the best qualified candidates will be referred to the
hiring manager for consideration. Non-Competitive candidates need to meet
minimum qualification requirements to be referred.

Note: If, after reviewing your resume and / or supporting documentation, a
determination is made that you have inflated your qualifications and or
experience, your score can / will be lowered to more accurately reflect the
submitted documentation. Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or
omissions may affect your rating. Deliberate attempts to falsify information may
be grounds for not selecting you.

To view the application form, visit:
https://rhs.usda.ntis.gov/cp/?event=jobs.previewApplication&jobid=c11d4082-0687-
4c94-8e3f-a3a70105d75b

BENEFITS:
Back to top

You can review our benefits at:
http://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/healthcare/enrollment/new-federal-employ
ee-enrollment/


OTHER INFORMATION:

o  This position is eligible for telework and other flexible work arrangements.
Employee participation is at the discretion of the supervisor.
o  Career Transition Assistance Plan(CTAP) or Interagency Career Transition
Assistance Plan (ICTAP):   If you are claiming CTAP/ICTAP eligibility, provide
proof of eligibility to include your most recent performance appraisal, SF-50,
and proof of eligibility such as a RIF separation notice or letter from OPM/your
agency.  CTAP/ICTAP eligibles will be considered well-qualified if achieving a
rating of 85 or above.  Information about CTAP/ICTAP eligibility is on OPM's
Career Transition Resources website at http://www.opm.gov/ctap/index.asp.
o  Persons with disabilities who require alternative means for communication of
program information (Braille, large print, audiotape, etc) should contact:
USDA's TARGET Center at 202-720-2600 (voice and TDD).
HOW TO APPLY:
Back to top

Please read the entire announcement and all the instructions before you begin.
The following instructions outline our application process.

You must complete this application process and submit all required documents
electronically by 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time (ET) on the closing date of this
announcement.
    We are available to assist you during business hours (8:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m.,
Monday - Friday). Applying online is highly encouraged. If applying online poses
a hardship, please contact our office during business hours well before the
closing date for an alternate method. All hardship application packages with
supporting documents must be submitted no later than noon on the closing date of
the announcement in order to be entered into the system prior to its closing.
    This agency provides reasonable accommodation to applicants with
disabilities on a case-by-case basis; contact us if you are requesting this.

Step 1: Create a USAJOBS account (if you do not have one) at www.usajobs.gov. It
is recommended that as part of your profile you set up automatic email
notification to be informed when the status of your application changes. If you
choose not to set up this automatic notification, then you will have to log into
your USAJOBS account to check on the status of your application.


Step 2: Create a resume with USAJOBS or upload a resume into your USAJOBS
account. Customize your resume to ensure it documents duties and accomplishments
you have gained that are directly related to this position in order to verify
that qualifications are met. Your resume must support your responses to the
online questionnaire (you may preview the online questionnaire by clicking on
the link at the end of the How You Will Be Evaluated section of the job
announcement).

Step 3: Click "Apply Online" and follow the prompts to complete the Occupational
Questionnaire and attach any additional documents that may be required.
You can update your application or documents anytime while the announcement is
open. Log into your USAJOBS account and click on "Application Status." Click on
the position title, and then select "Update Application" to continue.
NOTE: Verify that uploaded documents from USAJOBs transfer into the Agency's
staffing system. Once in the Agency's staffing system you will have the
opportunity to upload additional documents. Uploaded documents must be less than
3MB and in one of the following document formats: GIF, JPG, JPEG, PNG, RTF, PDF,
or Word (DOC or DOCX).


REQUIRED DOCUMENTS:

A complete Application Package must be submitted and received prior to 11:59,
ET, on the closing date. The following documents are required for your
application package to be complete. Our office cannot be responsible for
incompatible software, illegible fax transmissions, delays in the mail service,
your system failure or downtime, etc. Failure to submit required, legible
documents may result in loss of consideration.

Resume that includes the following information: 1) personal information; 2)
education; 3) work experience including the work schedule and hours worked per
week as well as dates of employment; and title, series and grade if applicable;
4) supervisor's phone number and e-mail address for each work period listed and
whether or not we may contact them for reference checks; and, 5) other
qualifications.

Other required documents as applicable:

Current/Former Career/Career-Conditional: Most recent non-award Notification of
Personnel Action (SF-50 or equivalent) showing that you are/were in the
competitive service, highest grade (or promotion potential) held on a permanent
basis, federal status, position title, series and grade AND most recently
completed performance appraisal (dated within 18 months) showing the official
rating of record, signed by the supervisor, or a statement as to why the
performance appraisal is unavailable. Do not submit a performance plan.
    Veteran Hiring Authorities: (VEOA, VRA, and 30% Disabled Veterans): DD-214
(Member 4 Copy). Disabled veterans must include your VA letter & SF-15 if
claiming 10 pt. preference. Current active duty members must submit a
certification that they are expected to be discharged or released from active
duty under honorable conditions not later than 120 days after the date the
certification is submitted.
    Schedule A, Persons with Disabilities: Schedule A letter from a physician,
local, state or federal rehabilitation office citing eligibility under 5 CFR
213.3102 (u).
    Certain Military Spouses under E.O. 13473: Verification of the marriage to
the service member (i.e., a marriage license or other legal documentation
verifying marriage), plus Permanent Change of Station: PCS orders issued within
the last 2 years, that: lists you as authorized to accompany the military member
to the new duty permanent station; the specific location; and the effective date
of the PCS OR Military disability of 100%: verification of the member's release
or discharge due to 100% disability (DD-214 and VA Letter) OR Death while
serving on active duty: 1) Verification of release or discharge due to death
(DD-214). 2) Verification of the member's death (DD-1300 and Death Certificate.
3) Statement certifying they are un-remarried widow or widower of the service
member.
    Foreign Service: Most recent Foreign Service Notification of Personnel
Action, showing that you were/are serving under an unlimited, career-type
appointment AND have completed at least 1 year of continuous service without a
break of a workday under one or more nontemporary Foreign Service appointments.

    CTAP/ICTAP: Certification of Expected Separation, Reduction-In-Force
Separation Notice, Notice of Proposed Removal, or appropriate OPM/Agency
certification; AND most recent performance evaluation; AND SF-50 demonstrating
your separation or the position from which you will be separated.
    Peace Corps/VISTA Volunteers: Documentation of no less than 24 months (Peace
Corps) or 1 year (VISTA) of continuous service and separated within 1 year of
completing the qualifying service.
    Peace Corps Staff: Documentation of no less than 36 months of continuous
service without a break in service of 3 days or more and separated within the 3
years of completing the qualifying service.
    Certain Family Members under E.O. 12721: Most recent non-award SF-50 and
performance appraisal.
    Interchange Agreement with Other Merit Systems: Documentation of eligibility
as listed in interchange agreement.
    Miscellaneous Authorities Not Regulated by the Office of Personnel
Management: (Postal Career Service Employees, Postal Service Commission
Employees, GAO, US Courts, etc.), Current Notification of Personnel Action (or
equivalent) that reflects your eligibility.
    Other Special Hiring Authorities: If you are claiming eligibility under a
Special Hiring Authority, you must submit supporting documents.

AGENCY CONTACT INFO:
Paige Payne I
Phone: (202) 692-0186
Fax: (202) 692-0182
Email: paige.payne@wdc.usda.gov
Agency Information:
USDA
1400 Independance ave SW
Washington D.C.,
20250
United States
Fax: (202) 692-0182
WHAT TO EXPECT NEXT:
If you set up your USAJOBS account to send automatic email notifications, you
will receive an email acknowledging: 1) the submission of your online
Occupational Questionnaire and resume was successful,  2) if you were referred
to the selecting official for consideration, and  3) if you were selected or not
selected. If you choose not to set up automatic email notifications, you must
check your USAJOBS account for the latest status of your application. Your
application may be reviewed to verify that you meet the qualifications and
eligibility requirements for the position prior to issuing lists to a selecting
official. If further evaluation or interviews are required, you will be
contacted. Normally, a final job offer to the selected candidate is made within
30-60 days after the issuance of the certificate.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             605 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                Central Telegraph and Rural Weekly (Queensland)

                                  May 1, 2009

Refinancing window open

SECTION: Pg. 24

LENGTH: 345  words


REDUCED interest rates in an uncertain property market may well be doing little
to encourage home owners to refinance.

However, delaying the decision could have unfavourable consequences down the
track, according to a home loan expert.

Declan Murphy, chief executive of online home loan marketplace BidMyLoan.com.au
said refinancers must move now, as market conditions in coming months would make
it increasingly difficult for home owners to get a good deal.

"With housing prices predicted to fall even further, refinancing now should be a
part of every home owner's strategy. This will ensure home owners have an
emergency "buffer" they can fall back on if there is difficulty making mortgage
repayments, for whatever reason."

Mr Murphy said banks were also withdrawing offers daily.

"Eighteen months ago, home buyers and refinancers could borrow up to 105 per
cent of their home loan. Now, banks will lend just 90-95 per cent.

"Every day that home owners sit on the fence is another day an offer is lost."

Mr Murphy said refinancers could find the best possible deal in an environment
where lenders bid for their home loads, such as on BidMyLoan.com.au

"There's an incentive for banks and lenders to offer the best possible interest
rates through BidMyLoan for two reasons: loans approved through the site are
free from trailing commissions, allowing lenders to pass savings to refinancers
or home buyers," Mr Murphy said.

"Secondly, banks are competing with other banks and lenders in a situation where
borrowers compare pre-approved interest-rate offers directly."

He said the website could save borrowers hundreds of dollars a month by cutting
percentage points off the best loan they could find previously. It also saved
weeks of personally approaching lenders.

The website reported a 513% increase in online mortgage bidding since December
2008.

In February this year, nearly 3500 Australians made bid requests on the site,
representing more than $1.3 billion in home loans.

Mr Murphy said the site's popularity was due to refinancers wanting better
choices in the current market.

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Every day that home owners sit on the fence is another day an offer is
lost

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RBC


                    Copyright 2009 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             606 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Western Morning News (Plymouth)

                            November 4, 2008 Tuesday

Laying the foundations of affordable housing for all

SECTION: Pg. 22

LENGTH: 983 words


The overall aim of housing policy can be simply stated as an aspiration "to
provide a decent home for everyone at a price that they can afford", but it is
much harder to achieve in practice.

In many ways it is even harder in rural areas due to a combination of high house
prices and low incomes, but even more important if villages are going to
continue as sustainable communities.

Affordable housing does not just mean social rented housing with low rents, but
a wide range of other tenures as well; shared ownership, shared equity, low cost
home ownership, sub-market rent and others. In practice it means close
coordination between the providers of finance, the Housing Corporation, housing
and planning sections of a local authority and providers and managers - mainly
housing associations and local authorities, but not exclusively.

An active local authority, like North Cornwall, uses every avenue to seek to
maximise the number of affordable dwellings that are provided.

In 2006/07 nearly 150 new affordable homes were built in North Cornwall. A
little more than 50 per cent were put up for rent by housing associations with
finance provided either by the Housing Corporation or through second homes
council tax, an extremely important source of funding. The remaining proportions
were dwellings for owner-occupation by three routes.

Firstly outright sale, with the prices fixed by the local authority. The re-sale
price is restricted by covenants to ensure that they remain affordable in
perpetuity, and the providers are private sector developers.

Secondly, shared ownership provided by housing associations, where the initial
occupiers buy a minimum 25 per cent share of the equity (but usually more) and
pay rent on the remaining proportion.

Thirdly - and uniquely - via a Community Land Trust (CLT) where a local
community provides owner occupied housing for local people where again the sale
price is restricted and remains affordable in perpetuity by covenants. CLTs
either need a grant or access to loan finance in the initial stage, in our case
provided by an interest free loan from the local authority to help the community
in St Minver. Another source of affordable housing is where local youngsters get
planning permission to build a dwelling for their own occupation on exception
sites on the edges of villages, usually on land that they or their relatives
own.

This form of provision indicates the importance of close cooperation between the
housing and planning departments of the local authority.

North Cornwall places development boundaries around all of its major villages
and many of its minor ones, giving opportunities for development of affordable
housing on exception sites adjacent to, but outside, the development boundary.
The landowner can expect to receive a price significantly above agricultural
value, but much less than open market value.

Another important source of sites is local authorities where the land is usually
transferred at minimal value, commonly £1, and is effectively donated free to
the affordable housing provider. The local authority has to show in its accounts
the real value of the land transferred and thus the assistance that they have
given.

District councils have become increasingly sophisticated and innovative in the
ways that they assist the provision of more affordable housing and it is very
important that this expertise is transferred to the forthcoming Unitary Council
in Cornwall.

There is an overall shortage of dwellings in the UK, including Cornwall, and we
must not forget that one of the most important ways to access affordable housing
is by the first time buyer. A combination of irresponsible lending by financiers
and a shortage of supply has driven prices to unsustainable levels.

When prices stabilise and the lenders have confidence to lend and the buyers to
buy, first time buyers will again become important. However unless we can
increase the supply, the same scenario is likely to repeat itself.

At a recent meeting of the South West Regional Assembly authorities of all
political colours firmly stuck their heads in the sand and refused to recognise
the importance of increasing supply. This makes it almost inevitable that higher
levels of future residential development will be imposed by the Government.

Although buy-to-let may have provided some additional private rented
accommodation it was, in my view, a largely negative development. Irresponsible
lending seems to have been particularly concentrated in this area, to purchasers
who were often naive, and believed that house prices would rise forever. It had
a particularly negative impact on first time buyers.

As we face responding to the greatest financial cataclysm since 1929, there are
bound to be negative short term impacts on affordable housing. Shared ownership
and low cost housing is proving very difficult to sell, so provision of more
rented housing becomes more important.

The Government has greatly increased the resources available to the Housing
Corporation for new schemes, and close cooperation between local authorities and
housing associations, often very good already, is key, particularly in obtaining
planning approvals for development.

Finally, we must not forget that affordable housing issues are exacerbated by
low average wages. The South West is unique in being the only English region
with above average house prices and below average wages.

The provision of good housing for all is an immensely important social objective
giving foundations to successful families and sustainable communities, and it is
an objective that many of us in public life seek to achieve.

Graham Facks-Martin has specialised in housing issues for more than 40 years. A
retired farmer, he is a member of a number of housing associations and currently
is the chair of Tor Homes, chair of the Cornwall Community Land Trust and chair
of North Cornwall District Council.

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 83


                 Copyright 2008 Western Morning News (Plymouth)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             607 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Eureka Times Standard (California)

                             May 11, 2011 Wednesday

Downtown Arcata senior housing construction to start

BYLINE: Allison Edrington/The Times-Standard

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 285 words


The former employee parking lot of Arcata's North Coast Co-op within a year will
be home for seniors, a teaching kitchen and commercial space.

The Plaza Point project will be three stories with the top two floors planned
for 28 affordable senior housing units plus one manager unit. The ground floor
will house commercial units and a teaching kitchen that the Co-op will rent to
provide workshops to the community that will be free to seniors living on site,
said Garrett McSorley, staff member of Kash Boodjeh Architects.

Solar panels and efficient fixtures should make energy costs low for residents.
The building is anticipated to be completed in about nine months, McSorley said.

Danco Vice President of Development Chris Dart said there were many aspects to
the project and it has taken years of work to get this far.

"It really took a collective team to make this happen," Dart said.

Once the project is complete, Community Development Director Larry Oetker said
Danco will make payments to the city for the loan on the project. The city will
not be responsible for running the site, he said.

Mayor Susan Ornelas said she was excited for the project. When the council had
discussed what important projects were coming up this year, she said Plaza Point
was one of the big ones.

"This is the project that rises to the top for me," Ornelas said.

_____________________________

At a glance: Funders of Plaza Point

Arcata redevelopment: $800,000

USDA rural development: $1 million

Arcata HOME and California Dept. of Housing and Community Development: $1.5
million

Umpqua Bank: $3.1 million

California tax credit allocation committee, Boston Financial: $3.8 million

Source: Danco, city of Arcata

_______________________________

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Times - Standard
                              All Rights Reserved


                             608 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Chapel Hill Herald (Durham, NC)

                             June 24, 2004 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Officials consider senior center site;
SportsPlex could work in tandem with new center

BYLINE: GEOFFREY GRAYBEAL ggraybeal@heraldsun.com; 918-1033

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 632  words


HILLSBOROUGH -- Orange County officials are considering locating a new senior
center at the Triangle SportsPlex.

The idea arose recently as the county examines its arrangement with the
SportsPlex, in light of the scheduled expiration of its 10-year contract with
Eaton Vance, the facility's current owners, in April 2005.

Orange County has provided approximately $400,000 a year to ensure the
facilities are available for use by county residents.

"We need to look at whether that agreement would be renewed or expire or
something completely different worked out," said Assistant County Manager Rod
Visser. "That's sort of what we're looking at -- the completely different."

Since 2001, the county has also leased space at the Meadowlands business complex
for a drop-in center for senior citizens. Officials have said that site has a
natural relationship with the adjacent 16-acre SportsPlex property.

Officials envision the SportsPlex working in tandem with a new senior center.

"There are compatible uses," Visser said. "There is a lot of opportunity for an
innovative approach to put these two important functions together."

Voters have approved spending $4 million in bonds for two senior centers to open
by 2006. One would be in southern Orange, and the other would serve residents of
northern and central Orange.

The county's Master Aging Plan calls for a 15,000-square-foot facility. The
SportsPlex has about 82,000 square feet.

Visser said the idea is to create an addition to the SportsPlex and allocate
existing space to create a senior center there.

"That space would be reconfigured in a way that the Department on Aging, seniors
and so forth would be involved in the process of redesigning [it] to provide the
best fit for their programs," Visser said.

The main idea under consideration is for a nonprofit corporation to own the
property and manage the building and physical space. Programming at the senior
center would remain under the control of the county's Department on Aging.

County officials have had discussions with Linked Economic Development and
Affordable Housing Foundation Inc., a Belmont-based nonprofit, about forming a
partnership that would allow a senior center at the Sportsplex site.

The company began as the Loudoun County (Va.) Economic Development and
Affordable Housing Foundation, with a mission of providing affordable housing in
the Washington, D.C., area.

It now works throughout Virginia and the Carolinas on a variety of projects,
including the Ballymore Golf Course, a public golf course and community
clubhouse in Franklin County, and a rehabilitated multi-use sports facility in
rural Buncombe County that includes an ice rink, gymnasium and space for indoor
team sports.

Officials envision a loan being given to a nonprofit like Linked Economic
Development to obtain the Sportsplex site.

Eaton Vance has hired a local real-estate agent to market the property. The
company would consider offers from the county and private businesses, as well as
a public-private partnership.

The real-estate agent brought the Belmont nonprofit group to the attention of
county officials.

In addition to the senior center, the county would like to continue to allow
residents access to the swimming pool and recreational opportunities offered at
the Sportsplex.

"It's a concept that needs to be fleshed out," Visser said. "It's an exciting
concept. Several of the commissioners seemed particularly intrigued by it. The
devil will, of course, be with the details. And the commissioners, of course,
will make the ultimate decision, but it seems like a promising idea at least."

The commissioners recently authorized staff to collect more information. Visser
said officials would examine the costs and flesh out a plan to bring back to the
board at the end of the summer or in early fall.

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: THE HERALD-SUN | BILL WILLCOX County officials consider the Triangle
SportsPlex in Hillsborough as a possible site for a new senior center. Voters
have approved $4 million in bonds for two new senior centers.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2004 The Durham Herald Co.


                             609 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 19, 2014 Tuesday

Utah: Colorado Fresh Food Financing Fund (CO4F)

LENGTH: 330  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Colorado Housing and Finance Authority
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Erica Heller
Phone: 303.628.5592
Email: CO4F@pumaworldhq.com
Purpose

The Colorado Fresh Food Financing Fund (CO4F) provides low-interest loans to
support activities and businesses that improve access to healthy food retail and
remove barriers that prevent Colorado's underserved populations from obtaining
healthy food. Funds can be used for construction, expansion, and renovation of
grocery stores and supermarkets in underserved areas.

Although priority will be given to supermarkets, grocery stores, and food
delivery systems, innovative methods of delivering healthy food may also be
considered. Examples include:

Farmers markets
    Farm stands
    Mobile processing and delivery units
    Co-ops
    Buying clubs
    Convenience stores and food kiosks
    Other food delivery systems

Eligibility

Applicant must be a private or public entity or individual with the ability to
incur debt, who can demonstrate at least three years of retail grocery business
experience or other applicable business experience, or can otherwise demonstrate
experience and capacity to successfully implement and carry out a viable
business enterprise.

Eligible projects must be located in an underserved area that primarily serves a
low-to-moderate-income (LMI) community.
Geographic
coverage  Colorado
Amount of
funding

Minimum loan is $100,000. Maximum is $1,500,000.

Loans will be made in instances where conventional financial institutions either
do not offer financing, or the conventional financing offered is insufficient or
on terms that are a detriment to the feasibility of the project/business.
Business operators and site developers will be required to have cash equity at
risk in addition to the financing offered in this program.

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             610 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 3, 2014 Thursday

Agriculture, Rural Housing Service: Loan Specialist (General) DEU-NY-2014-4568

LENGTH: 3195  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of Personnel Management has issued the following job announcement:

Job Title:Loan Specialist (General)

Department:Department Of Agriculture

Agency:Agriculture, Rural Housing Service

Job Announcement Number:DEU-NY-2014-4568
SALARY RANGE:
 $47,923.00 to $62,297.00 / Per Year
OPEN PERIOD:
 Wednesday, April 02, 2014 to Friday, April 11, 2014
SERIES & GRADE:
 GS-1165-09
POSITION INFORMATION:
 Full-Time - Permanent
PROMOTION POTENTIAL:
09
DUTY LOCATIONS:
 1 vacancy - Batavia, NY View Map
WHO MAY APPLY:
 US Citizens and Nationals; no prior Federal experience is required.
SUPERVISORY STATUS:
 No
JOB SUMMARY:

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural Development Agency serves rural
communities throughout the country by investing in their communities through
housing and utility infrastructure, by increasing economic opportunity, and by
improving the quality of life for all rural Americans. Rural Development
provides over 40 loan and grant programs in the Rural Housing and Community
Facilities Services, Rural Business and Cooperative Services, and Rural
Utilities Service. Rural Development supports a positive work environment and
promotes diversity and inclusion for nearly 5,000 employees. Rural Development
is a dynamic organization recruiting for employees who possess the energy,
compassion, and commitment to serve those in rural communities and will enjoy
working in a fast paced and results driven organization.  Our commitment is to
expand economic opportunity and quality of life in all of rural America by
providing financial programs to support essential public facilities and services
such as water and sewer systems, housing, health clinics, emergency service
facilities and electric and telephone service. Rural Development offers a
friendly and professional working environment and such excellent benefits as: a
generous salary, alternative work schedules, paid vacation and sick leave, paid
holidays, retirement and supplemental savings plan, a wide array of health,
dental, vision, and life insurance plans, flexible spending accounts, and
long-term care insurance.

This position is being concurrently announced under Merit Promotion procedures
on NY-2013-4259.  Disabled Veterans, candidates with 3 or more years of active
duty military service, and candidates eligible for special hiring authorities
can apply to the Merit Promotion announcement if they meet criteria for the
above and include supporting documents.
TRAVEL REQUIRED

Occasional Travel
    Occasional travel is required.

RELOCATION AUTHORIZED

No

KEY REQUIREMENTS

US Citizenship is required.
    Selective Service Registration is required for males born after 12/31/1959.

    A 1-year probationary period is required.
    Background Investigation and/or fingerprint check is required.

DUTIES:
Back to top

Assists the Area Director in administering, processing, and servicing loans and
grants under the direct Single Family program and/or administers loan guarantees
under the Single Family Housing Guaranteed loan program.
    Analyzes, approves, and processes home-ownership loans, home improvement and
repair loans and grants, mutual self-help technical assistance grants, and
housing site loans with primary emphasis on loan making and the more complex
servicing needs of the geographical area serviced.
    Reviews applications for program loan and grants; evaluates financial
situations and credit risk factors; and approves or disapproves housing loans
and grants.
    Assists Area Director and Area Specialists in processing and servicing
Community Program loans, grants, and loan guarantees.

QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED:
Back to top

Applicants must meet all qualifications and eligibility requirements be the
closing date of the announcement including the following specialized experience
and/or education, as identified by the grade level.

For the GS-09 level: Applicants must have 1 year of specialized experience
equivalent to at least the GS-07; or its non-Federal equivalent that
demonstrates: Performs loan making and/or loan servicing duties such as
regularly examining loan applications, supporting documents, credit reports, and
maintaining servicing activities of somewhat complex loan and/or grants;
assisting higher level loan specialists by performing assigned portions of
financial credit analysis in connection with more complex loans as a way of
acquiring training and competency for more difficult loan examining and
servicing assignments. Including reviewing and passing upon applications for
agricultural, municipal and non-profit organizations, bank or mortgage loans;
servicing a loan portfolio of a bank or other loan association; performing
financial analysis of commercial concerns for investment purposes; and
appraising real estate to determine property valuation or similar work.  OR
master's or equivalent graduate degree OR 2 full years of progressively higher
level graduate education leading to such a degree or LL.B. or J.D., if related.
Equivalent combination of education as described and specialized experience are
qualifying for this grade level.

NOTE:  To be considered for this position, you must meet all qualification and
eligibility requirements for the GS-1165 series set forth in the Office of
Personnel Management (OPM) Qualifications Standards by the closing date of the
announcement.  A copy is available at:
http://www.opm.gov/qualifications/index.asp.


Undergraduate and Graduate Education:  Major study - finance, business
administration, economics, accounting, insurance, engineering, mathematics,
banking and credit, law, real estate operations, statistics, or other field
related to the position, such as agriculture, agricultural economics, farm,
livestock or ranch management, or rural sociology.

o  May be subject to satisfactory completion of one year probationary or trial
period.
o  Have your salary sent to a financial institution of your choice by Direct
Deposit/Electronic Funds Transfer.
o  If you are newly hired, the documentation you present for purposes of
completing the Department Homeland Security (DHS) Form I-9 on your entry-on-duty
date will be verified through the DHS "E-VERIFY" system. Federal law requires
the use of E-VERIFY to confirm the employment eligibility of all new hires.
Under this system, the new hire is required to resolve any identified
discrepancies as a condition of continued employment.
o  To be eligible for appointment to this position, the new hire must be cleared
to come on board once the results of the fingerprint check, review of the
OF-306, Declaration for Federal Employment, and the candidate's Electronic
Questionnaires for Investigations Processing (eQIP) entries have been reviewed
and determined to be satisfactory.  This position requires a favorable credit
check as part of the background investigation.
o  Travel will be required.
o  CONFIDENTIAL FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE REPORT: If selected, you will be required
to submit Form OGE-450 within 30 days of your initial appointment date, and
annually thereafter. Selectee is subject to financial Disclosure Requirements in
accordance with 5 CFR, Part 2635, Sub part E regarding business or personal
transactions with applicants, borrowers, or business contacts who have or who
are seeking business with this Agency. Selectee must be able to obtain and
maintain a security clearance. If selected you will be subject to a National
Agency Check and Inquiry (NACI) and a credit report.
HOW YOU WILL BE EVALUATED:

The category rating procedure is used to rank and select eligible candidates.
Under category rating, applicants who meet basic minimum qualification
requirements established for the position and whose job related competencies
have been assessed are ranked by being placed in one of the following
categories: Best Qualified, Well Qualified, and Qualified. Preference eligibles
are listed ahead of non-preference eligibles within each category.
    You will be evaluated based on your qualifications for this position as
evidenced by the education, experience, and training you described in your
application package, as well as the responses to the Occupational Questionnaire
to determine the degree to which you possess the knowledge, skills, abilities
and competencies listed below:
        Knowledge of Housing, Commercial and Community Programs loan and/or
grant making requirements.
        Knowledge of Housing, Commercial and Community Programs servicing
requirements.
        Knowledge of Building Standards, Costs, Specifications and Contracts.
        Oral Communication.
        Written Communication.

We will review your application, including the online Occupational
Questionnaire, to ensure you meet the job requirements and assess your ability
to perform this job. Before any certificate can be issued to the selecting
official, the resume and supporting documents are reviewed by an HR Specialist
to ensure that (a) minimum qualification requirements are met and (b) the resume
supports the answers provided to the job-specific questions. Your answers will
be verified against information provided in your online resume and application.
Be sure that your resume clearly supports your responses to all the questions
addressing experience and education relevant to this position.

Veterans' Preference: Preference eligibles will be listed at the top of their
assigned category, before non-preference eligibles in that category.  Preference
eligibles who have a compensable service-connected disability of 10 percent or
more (CPS, CP) are placed at the top of the Best Qualified category on the
referral list.  XP and TP preference eligibles are placed above non-preference
eligibles within their assigned category.  For additional information on
entitlement see: http://www.fedshirevets.gov/job/vetpref/index.aspx

NOTE:  If, after reviewing your resume and / or supporting documentation, a
determination is made that you have inflated your qualifications and or
experience, your score can / will be lowered to more accurately reflect the
submitted documentation. Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or
omissions may affect your rating. Deliberate attempts to falsify information may
be grounds for not selecting you.

To view the application form, visit:
https://rhs.usda.ntis.gov/cp/?event=jobs.previewApplication&jobid=56f25531-e7af-
4484-8f21-a2fd00de84b3

BENEFITS:
Back to top
The Federal Government offers a comprehensive benefits package.  Explore the
major benefits offered to most Federal employees at:
http://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/healthcare/enrollment/new-federal-employ
ee-enrollment/

OTHER INFORMATION:

o  If you are a male applicant born after December 31, 1959, certify that you
have registered with the Selective Service System or are exempt from having to
do so.
o  This position is eligible for telework and other flexible work arrangements.
Employee participation is at the discretion of the supervisor.
o  Persons with disabilities who require alternative means for communication of
program information (Braille, large print, audiotape, etc) should contact:
USDA's TARGET Center at 202-720-2600 (voice and TDD).
o  Career Transition Assistance Plan(CTAP) or Interagency Career Transition
Assistance Plan (ICTAP):   If you are claiming CTAP/ICTAP eligibility, provide
proof of eligibility to include your most recent performance appraisal, SF-50,
and proof of eligibility such as a RIF separation notice or letter from OPM/your
agency.  CTAP/ICTAP eligibles must score at least well-qualified or above.
Information about CTAP/ICTAP eligibility is on OPM's Career Transition Resources
website at http://www.opm.gov/ctap/index.asp.
o  BACKGROUND INVESTIGATION AND FINGERPRINT CHECK:  Selection and retention in
this position is contingent on a successfully adjudicated FBI National Criminal
History Check (fingerprint check) and a background investigation.
o  Relocation expenses are not authorized.

This announcement may be used to fill multiple vacancies.

HOW TO APPLY:
Back to top

Please read the entire announcement and all the instructions before you begin.
The following instructions outline our application process.

You must complete this application process and submit all required documents
electronically by 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time (ET) on the closing date of this
announcement.
    We are available to assist you during business hours (normally 8:00 a.m. -
4:00 p.m., Monday - Friday). If you cannot apply on-line, call the number listed
under Agency Contact Information prior to the closing date to request a hard
copy of the complete application package.  Application packages will be sent to
applicant.  The completed package along with any required supporting documents
must be received in the HR Office by the closing date of the announcement.  No
extension will be granted.
    This agency provides reasonable accommodation to applicants with
disabilities on a case-by-case basis; contact us if you are requesting this.

Step 1: Create a USAJOBS account (if you do not have one) at www.usajobs.gov. It
is recommended that as part of your profile you set up automatic email
notification to be informed when the status of your application changes. If you
choose not to set up this automatic notification, then you will have to log into
your USAJOBS account to check on the status of your application.


Step 2: Create a resume with USAJOBS or upload a resume into your USAJOBS
account. Customize your resume to ensure it documents duties and accomplishments
you have gained that are directly related to this position in order to verify
that qualifications are met. Your resume must support your responses to the
online questionnaire (you may preview the online questionnaire by clicking on
the link at the end of the How You Will Be Evaluated section of the job
announcement).

Step 3: Click "Apply Online" and follow the prompts to complete the Occupational
Questionnaire and attach any additional documents that may be required.
You can update your application or documents anytime while the announcement is
open. Log into your USAJOBS account and click on "Application Status." Click on
the position title, and then select "Update Application" to continue.
NOTE: Verify that uploaded documents from USAJOBs transfer into the Agency's
staffing system. Once in the Agency's staffing system you will have the
opportunity to upload additional documents. Uploaded resumes must be less than
3MB and in one of the following document formats: GIF, JPG, JPEG, PNG, RTF, PDF,
or Word (DOC or DOCX).


REQUIRED DOCUMENTS:

You must submit a complete Application Package, prior to 11:59, ET, on the
closing date of this announcement.  The following documents must be submitted
for your application package to be considered complete. It is your
responsibility to ensure all required documents are received within the required
timeframes. Our office cannot be responsible for incompatible software,
illegible fax transmissions, delays in the mail service, system failure or
downtime, etc. Failure to submit required, legible documents may result in loss
of consideration.

Resume that includes the following information: 1) job information for which you
are applying; 2) personal information; 3) education; 4) work experience
including the work schedule and hours worked per week as well as dates of
employment; and title, series and grade if applicable; 5) supervisors phone
number and e-mail address for each work period listed and whether or not we may
contact them for reference checks; and, 6) other qualifications.
    College Transcripts if education is required for meeting basic
qualifications and/or you are substituting education for specialized experience
and/or if you are using education to meet the criteria for the quality category.
An unofficial copy is sufficient with the application; however, if selected, an
official college transcript will be required prior to entering on duty.  All
foreign education must be evaluated by an accrediting body recognized by the US
Department of Education.
    DD-214 (Member 4 Copy) if claiming Veterans' Preference. Veterans claiming
10 point preference must also submit a VA Letter and an SF-15 Application for
10-point Veteran Preference. Current Active Duty members must submit a
certification that they are expected to be discharged or released from active
duty under honorable conditions not later than 120 days after the date the
certification is submitted.
    Other required documents may include:
        CTAP/ICTAP Required Documentation Reduction-In-Force: Certification of
Expected Separation, Reduction-In-Force Separation Notice, or Notice of Proposed
Removal; AND most recent performance evaluation; AND SF-50 demonstrating your
separation or the position you will be separated from.
        Worker's Compensation Separation: Agency certification of inability to
place employee AND Notification of Separation OR Separation SF-50.
        Disability Annuity Termination: Notification from OPM of disability
annuity termination AND Separation SF-50 of the last position held. Military
Reserve or National Guard Technician Special Disability Retirement Annuity under
5 U.S.C. 8337(h) or 8456: Certification of special disability retirement annuity
from a military department or National Guard Bureau AND Separation SF-50 of the
last position held.

NOTE: If a document is resubmitted, it replaces the previous submission, which
means the previous document is no longer available to the Human Resources
Office. If you are adding to, rather than replacing a previous submission, you
must upload both the old document and the new document. Please verify that
documents you are uploading from USAJOBs transfer into the Agency's staffing
system as there is a limitation to the number of documents that can be
transferred. However, once in the Agency's staffing system, you will have the
opportunity to upload additional documents. Uploaded resumes must be less than
3MB and in one of the following document formats: GIF, JPG, JPEG, PNG, RTF, PDF,
or Word (DOC or DOCX).
AGENCY CONTACT INFO:
Nancy Fitzgerald
Phone: 314-457-5565
Fax: 314-457-4461
Email: nancy.fitzgerald@stl.usda.gov
Agency Information:
USDA, Rural Development
4300 Goodfellow Boulevard
St. Louis, Missouri,
63120
USA
Fax: 314-457-4461
WHAT TO EXPECT NEXT:
If you set up your USAJOBS account to send automatic email notifications, you
will receive an email acknowledging: 1) the submission of your online
Occupational Questionnaire and resume was successful,  2) if you were referred
to the selecting official for consideration, and  3) if you were selected or not
selected. If you choose not to set up automatic email notifications, you must
check your USAJOBS account for the latest status of your application. Your
application may be reviewed to verify that you meet the qualifications and
eligibility requirements for the position prior to issuing lists to a selecting
official. If further evaluation or interviews are required, you will be
contacted. Normally, a final job offer to the selected candidate is made within
30-60 days after the issuance of the certificate.

For more information please visit: https://www.usajobs.gov/

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             611 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            October 5, 2013 Saturday
                                 Met 2 Edition

Shutdown's impact continues to grow

BYLINE: Lisa Rein

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 1321 words


Beginning next week, thousands of home buyers will be unable to get approvals
for their mortgages because of the government shutdown, potentially undercutting
the nation's resurgent housing market.

Without paperwork from the Internal Revenue Service, the Social Security
Administration and in many cases the Federal Housing Administration, banks and
other mortgage lenders will be less willing to make loans, if they can make them
at all. For instance, lenders rely on the IRS to confirm borrowers' income and
on Social Security to confirm their identity.

Every day that government offices remain shuttered will delay an ever-larger
fraction of mortgage closings, industry leaders say, jeopardizing mortgage and
interest-rate approvals and spooking sellers. About 15,000 new home mortgages
and 18,000 refinancings on average are completed across the country each day.

On Friday, House Republicans continued to insist on changes to President Obama's
health-care program as a condition for funding the government. But with
attention on Capitol Hill shifting to an Oct. 17 debt-ceiling deadline, there
was no end in sight to the government shutdown, nor relief for prospective home
buyers.

"Most people don't really think about, 'Well my loan is going to be underwritten
by a federal agency,' " said Marj Rosner, vice president and sales manager at
Long & Foster, a real estate firm. "But the government has a huge imprint here."

Major lenders are scrambling to figure out whether they can risk making some
loans without the federal paperwork and assessing whether they should require
additional documentation from borrowers because the IRS has no one working who
can verify income.

Many mortgages were able to close as scheduled this week because the paperwork
was completed before federal employees were furloughed, but some home loans have
already been frozen.

"The problem is going to grow in magnitude every day this shutdown goes on,
because lenders' liability is at risk," David Stevens, chief executive of the
Mortgage Bankers Association and former head of the FHA, said after a conference
call Friday with heads of a dozen banks.

Nor will the problem disappear as soon as the government reopens.

"Even if this were to get resolved in a week, you've got an enormous backlog,"
said Eric D. Gates, president of Apex Home Loans in Rockville. "It's going to
double or triple the effects in terms of delays."

The approval of mortgage applications requires several interactions with the
federal government that many home buyers may not know about. Lenders have become
much more meticulous about following federal rules after the housing crisis that
began in 2007, and are now more thorough in verifying the information on loan
applications. These concerns were far less common when the government last shut
down in 1995.

"The need for document checks and quality control just didn't exist," Stevens
said. "Today, we're in a world of huge risk and regulatory requirements."

Among the obstacles, it is furloughs at the IRS that could have the widest
impact. Lenders routinely file a form with the IRS asking for a copy of a
borrower's tax returns. The purpose is to make sure that the buyer provided
accurate income information.

But the IRS sent most of its employees home Tuesday when Congress failed to
agree on a budget, including those that process what are called tax-return
transcripts.

Lenders also rely on the Social Security agency to verify borrowers' Social
Security numbers as a way of confirming their identity. These checks are done
automatically, but the Web site that provides the information is down.

At the FHA, which plays a crucial role in the housing market by insuring loans
with low down payments for first-time home buyers, the full-time staff of 3,000
is down to 64, and there are only 30 employees responsible for signing off on
mortgage insurance for single-family homes. While large banks have the resources
to approve lenders for FHA-backed loans, smaller lenders rely on the agency
itself to do this.

About 25 percent of home purchases are made with mortgages backed by the FHA, as
are 15 percent of all mortgages, including refinancings.

An additional 10 percent of home loans are guaranteed by the Department of
Veterans Affairs, which still has a full staff approving mortgages for veterans.
But the Department of Agriculture, which backs less than 5 percent of mortgages,
has canceled new loans and guarantees in its program for buyers in rural areas.

The shutdown of Agriculture's Rural Development loan programs has cost Matthew
Green the starter house he has been waiting to buy since April, when his real
estate agent showed him a three-bedroom split-level on an acre in Warrenton that
was in foreclosure.

Green, 28, a mechanic at Pohanka Chevrolet in Chantilly, was approved in late
August for a $210,000 loan. The next step was getting the government to sign off
so he didn't have to make a down payment.

On Monday, a day before the shutdown, the lender called his agent, Starr Ibach,
and reported that the Rural Development staff was backed up but that there was
plenty of time for the loan to go to closing on Oct. 16. Then Green got a text
message from Ibach early Tuesday: "RD is closing down and no one's working."

"It just made me sick to my stomach to think I might lose this house and there's
nothing I can do about it," Green said Friday. "What are the odds of this
happening?"

Green sold his Toyota Tundra truck two weeks ago to pay closing costs. If he
doesn't close Oct. 16, the bank has told Ibach the house will be sold at auction
four days later.

The government shutdown comes amid a two-year surge in home prices as buyers
have taken advantage of historically low mortgage rates. Even as rates have
edged up in recent months, sales have not dampened as much as economists had
feared. Sales of existing homes reached a six-year high in August.

For federal employees applying for a mortgage, the situation is even more
daunting. With the government closed, verifying their income could prove
impossible.

"Who's going to be there to verify that someone works for the government?" said
Peggy Ferris, an agent with Long & Foster. "No one."

The shutdown and deep federal budget cuts are also making some lenders more
cautious about extending loans to federal workers. Wells Fargo has begun
requiring borrowers who work for the government to disclose whether their jobs
are at risk of being affected by budget cuts "or if they're at risk of being
furloughed in any way," said Ryan Dailey, a lender with Prosperity Mortgage, a
Wells Fargo affiliate.

Home sellers are already starting to get jittery, several agents said.

"They're asking, 'If people are not going to be buying my house because they
can't get mortgages, should I take it off?' " Rosner said. " 'Or maybe I
shouldn't put it on the market.' "

Since the government shutdown, nearly 500 residential listings have been taken
off the market in Montgomery and Fairfax counties and the District, according to
the Metropolitan Regional Information System. In the District, that represents
about 7 percent of all listings.

While lenders and real estate agents say they are having trouble getting clear
information from the government, Kathryn Joseph, a senior mortgage banker with
Apex, said she is being realistic with her clients.

"I'm telling everybody, including the borrower and the agent, that depending on
when the government opens and we get these forms processed, we can't guarantee a
settlement date," she said.

Other lenders are proceeding with business as usual, if only to get ahead of
what they believe will be a very long line once the government reopens.

"We're ordering the IRS transcripts so we can get in line, so our request is
already in their inbox," said Richard Harbin, a senior loan officer with Monarch
Mortgage. "We're still sending them in with the hope they're going to be
addressed, at some point."

lisa.rein@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             612 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Newcastle Herald (Australia)

                             June 14, 2014 Saturday
                                 First Edition

Warehouse delivers the goods;
property COMMERCIAL

BYLINE: YVONNE CAMPBELL

SECTION: DOMAIN; Pg. 44

LENGTH: 720 words


A FREESTANDING warehouse at Rutherford which is leased to Furneys Rural Supplies
will go under the hammer later this month.

Listed through Colliers International agent Trent Robertson, the property at 78
Racecourse Road is leased for five years, which commenced on May 1, 2014, with
an option of five years at a rental income of $72,000 per year plus GST.

Established in the early 1900s, Furneys Stockfeeds has its headquarters in Dubbo
and has branches in Tamworth and Toowoomba.

With frontage to Racecourse Road, the 4009-square-metre site is zoned B5
Business Development under the Maitland Local Environmental Plan 2011.

Erected on the site is an industrial building with associated administration
offices, amenities, warehouse and associated yard storage areas having direct
vehicular access available off Racecourse Road.

The auction will be held on Friday, June 20 at 10.30am at Chifley Apartments, B7
14 Honeysuckle Drive, Newcastle.

Hunter Street opportunity

TWO SUITES on level 1 of the Riverwalk Building at 710 Hunter Street, Newcastle,
will be auctioned on July 10.

Raine & Horne Commercial marketing agent Alan Tonks said the property will be
offered in one line and, if not sold, offered separately as two smaller suites.

The airconditioned and carpeted suites known as 7a and 7b are 512 square metres
and 231 square metres and come with nine and four car spaces respectively.

"They are offered with vacant possession and would ideally suit a business that
rents and would like to purchase their own premises," Mr Tonks said.

The auction will be held at 10.30am at Fort Scratchley.

Ideal for tradesmen

A BROADMEADOW site which can be either commercial or industrial (subject to
council approval) will go under the hammer on July 3, on site at 10.30am.

The 634.8-square-metre site at 1 Newton Street, Broadmeadow has rear lane access
to Kings Road and onsite parking.

Zoned B5 Business development, it has a three-bedroom home office and room to
develop an industrial unit. Global Realty Partners agent Warren Plumb said it is
the ideal tradie's home office or warehouse.

Fast and furious bidding

COMPETITIVE bidding at the auction of 251 Brunker Road, Adamstown, last month
saw the hammer fall on the brick commercial building at $770,000.

Offered for the first time in 26 years, the building on the corner of Glebe Road
offered long-term tenancies with flexible leases.

Castle Property licensee Randolph Rossi said the sale represented a 6 per cent
yield return.

"This represents one of the strongest under $1 million sales in the area and
certainly a record for Adamstown, post-global financial crisis," he said.

"The investment market is on the lookout for multi-tenancy commercial properties
with median prices steadily rising since January by some 15 per cent and
availability becoming scarcer, as even 6 per cent net yield is better than
interest rates."

Finance outlook rosy

HOUSING finance is expected to remain positive for residential construction
activity in coming quarters, according to the HIA (Housing Industry
Association).

HIA chief economist Dr Harley Dale said Australian Bureau of Statistics figures
show new home lending activity continuing to trend higher.

"There is still upward momentum to lending for the construction of new
dwellings, even allowing for a decline in the seasonally adjusted number and
value of such loans in the month of April 2014," Dr Dale said.

"Over the three months to April 2014 the number of construction loans increased
by 5.4 per cent to reach the highest quarterly level since early 2010."

He said the modest downward trend in lending for the purchase of new dwellings
still signals historically elevated levels of medium-high density construction
being maintained in 2014-15.

"This positive profile for new dwelling construction by owner-occupiers is
complemented by the value of lending for investment in new rental stock being at
its highest since before the GFC."

Over the three months to April 2014, HIA's seasonally adjusted estimate shows an
increase in the number of loans for new housing in: NSW (+1.1 per cent);
Victoria (+5.0 per cent); Queensland (+5.5 per cent); South Australia (+7.5 per
cent); Western Australia (+6.9 per cent); and Tasmania (+10.7 per cent). The
number of new housing loans fell by 31.8 per cent in the Northern Territory and
by 40 per cent in the ACT.

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: THREE PHOTOS: 78 RACECOURSE ROAD, RUTHERFORD 251 BRUNKER ROAD,
ADAMSTOWN 710 HUNTER STREET, NEWCASTLE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 Newcastle Newspapers Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             613 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Western Morning News (Plymouth)

                            March 13, 2008 Thursday

Chancellor puts focus on affordable housing

BYLINE:  Paul Greaves  and  Louise Vennells

SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 686 words


Key workers including teachers, nurses and police officers will be given a
helping hand to buy a new home, the Chancellor announced.

Alistair Darling said there would be no going back on plans to build three
million new homes over the next 20 years.

The emphasis will be on providing enough affordable homes for first-time buyers
and extending shared equity schemes for key workers.

But home buyers looking for a major reform of stamp duty thresholds were left
disappointed as Mr Darling chose only to tinker with the current levels.

A blow was dealt to second homes campaigners, in the form of a tax break which
effectively makes it more lucrative to buy and sell second properties.
Buy-to-let investors and second home owners will only pay 18 per cent on capital
gains if they sell the property after April 2008. They would previously have had
to pay between 24 per cent and 40 per cent.

And the announcement that the Government had identified surplus sites to build
70,000 new homes has left environmentalists worried about the pressure to build
in the countryside.

Thousands of key workers are set to benefit from the new shared equity schemes -
which split the cost of a home between a mortgage and a loan.

Buyers could take a 50 per cent mortgage with the remaining 50 per cent covered
by an equity loan taken out with a Government-sponsored lender.

From April, two new equity loans will be available through the Government's Open
Market HomeBuy.

Stuart Palmer, chairman of the Chartered Institute of Housing South West, said:
"Getting access to more housing for people in the region is critical because we
face particular problems.

"When we consider that the South West has a wider gap between  house prices and
low earnings than anywhere else, these schemes are vital."

Nurses also supported the changes.

Dr Peter Carter, Royal College of Nursing chief executive, said: "We welcome
moves to make it easier for nurses and other key workers to get on the housing
ladder through new measures and tax breaks on shared ownership schemes."

The Chancellor also announced that stamp duty on shared ownership homes will not
be required until people own 80 per cent of their home.

This could help housing association tenants and first-time buyers to get a foot
on the property ladder.

Martin Willey, South West co-ordinator for the South West Housing Initiative,
which advises government on affordable housing issues, said: "We need to look at
the implications carefully, but this could be a quite significant step and one
to be welcomed."

The Chancellor did not reform the stamp duty rates across the board.

The National Association of Estate Agents (NAEA) were among those calling for an
increase in the house price at which people are exempt from stamp duty payment.
The current threshold is £125,001.

Richard Copus, Devon spokesman for the NAEA  welcomed the 80 per cent stamp duty
limit on shared ownership schemes.

"That's very positive," he said. "My personal view is that we need to encourage
shared ownership to help more first-time buyers. But we are very disappointed
the Chancellor didn't take the opportunity to change the stamp duty payments to
make them fairer across the board."

The Budget paved the way for thousands of new affordable homes to be built
across the country.

Courtenay Smale, Cornwall secretary of the Campaign to Protect Rural England,
warned: "It stands to reason that a lot of these identified sites will be on
greenfield land.

"If they are not used for housing development they could be held in abeyance for
industrial use, which could have disastrous consequences for the environment."

But the Chancellor did not heed pleas to withdraw a tax concession on second
property owners from the pre-budget report. Under his plans,  Capital Gains Tax,
which is paid from the profits of a house sale, is down to 18 per cent above
£9,600 - the lowest in years. And a new entrepreneurs' relief, which lowers it
to 10 per cent, will mean it is even more profitable for businessmen.

Andrew George, Lib Dem MP for St Ives, lobbied the chancellor to remove the
clause, saying it would widen the gulf between rich and poor.

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2008 Western Morning News (Plymouth)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             614 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 16, 2014 Tuesday

Agriculture, Rural Housing Service: Equal Opportunity Specialist DC-2014-0098A

LENGTH: 2785  words

DATELINE: Washington


The United States Office of Personnel Management has issued the following job
announcement:

Job Title:Equal Opportunity Specialist

Department:Department Of Agriculture

Agency:Agriculture, Rural Housing Service

Job Announcement Number:DC-2014-0098A
SALARY RANGE:
 $89,924.00 to $116,901.00 / Per Year
OPEN PERIOD:
 Monday, September 15, 2014 to Wednesday, September 24, 2014
SERIES & GRADE:
 GS-0360-13
POSITION INFORMATION:
 Full-Time - Permanent
PROMOTION POTENTIAL:
13
DUTY LOCATIONS:
 1 vacancy in the following location:
Location Negotiable After Selection, United States
WHO MAY APPLY:
 Current permanent Federal Employees with competitive status, reinstatement
eligible, persons with  disabilities, VEOA eligibles, certain military spouses,
30% or more disabled veterans, former Peace Corps or VISTA volunteers,
CTAP/ICTAP eligibles, Farm Service Agency permanent county employees and those
eligibles for other Special Hiring Authorities.
SECURITY CLEARANCE:
 Public Trust - Background Investigation
SUPERVISORY STATUS:
 No
JOB SUMMARY:

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural Development Agency serves rural
communities throughout the country by investing in their communities through
housing and utility infrastructure, by increasing economic opportunity, and by
improving the quality of life for all rural Americans.  Rural Development
provides over 40 loan and grant programs in the Rural Housing and Community
Facilities Services, Rural Business and Cooperative Services, and Rural
Utilities Service. Rural Development supports a positive work environment and
promotes diversity and inclusion for nearly 5,000 employees.

Rural Development is a dynamic organization recruiting for employees who possess
the energy, compassion, and commitment to serve those in rural communities and
will enjoy working in a fast paced and results driven organization.  Our
commitment is to expand economic opportunity and quality of life in all of rural
America by providing financial programs to support essential public facilities
and services such as water and sewer systems, housing, health clinics, emergency
service facilities and electric and telephone service.  Rural Development offers
a friendly and professional working environment and such excellent benefits as:
a generous salary, alternative work schedules, paid vacation and sick leave,
paid holidays, retirement and supplemental savings plan, a wide array of health,
dental, vision, and life insurance plans, flexible spending accounts, and
long-term care insurance.


This position is located in the Program Compliance Branch (PCB), Civil Rights
Staff, Rural Development, Operations and Management. The PCB monitors, reviews,
and evaluates RD's compliance with civil rights/equal opportunity requirements
in federally-assisted and conducted RD programs involving Single Family and
Multi-Family Housing, Business and Cooperative Services, and Electric,
Telecommunications, Water and Waste Water.

This announcement may be used to fill additional vacancies that are identified
by the organization.

This is a virtual position that allows the selectee to remain in their current
post of duty.

Salary will be determined based on current duty location.
TRAVEL REQUIRED

Occasional Travel
    5 to 7 weeks per year.

RELOCATION AUTHORIZED

No

KEY REQUIREMENTS

US Citizenship is required.
    Selective Service Registration is required for males born after 12/31/1959.

DUTIES:
Back to top

Develop, analyze, evaluate and recommend policies, plans, regulations, standards
and procedures to assure equal access to all RD programs and services are
consistent with RD civil rights objectives, and suggest modifications where
needed.
    Assess program and compliance review procedures.
    Advise field staff on the proper execution of forms, instructions, and
guidelines.
    Serve as an adviser on program civil rights issues and procedures in the
interpretation of pertinent laws and regulations relating to specific program
problems.
    Develop and conduct program civil rights and compliance training.

QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED:
Back to top

Applicants must meet all requirements by the closing date of the announcement
including time-in-grade and demonstrated specialized experience.

Time in Grade: Applicants must meet one year at the next lower grade to be
considered for the next higher grade. (e.g.: one year at the GS-12 grade level
for consideration for the GS-13 grade level.)


Specialized experience: Applicant must possess one year of specialized
experience equivalent at the GS-12 or its non-federal equivalent and must be
directly related to the work of the position to be filled. Examples of
specialized experience is broad knowledge of pertinent executive orders and
civil rights laws, i.e., Title VI of the Civil Rights act of 1964, Title VII of
the Civil Rights act of 1968, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, Executive Orders
11246, 11250, age Discrimination act, section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of
1973, and Fair Housing amendments Act of 1988.

Education may not be substituted for experience at the GS-13 level.

NOTE: To be considered for this position, you must meet all qualification and
eligibility requirements for the GS-0360 series set forth in the Office of
Personnel Management (OPM) Qualification Standards by the closing date of the
announcement. A copy is available at:
http://www.opm.gov/qualifications/index.asp


o  Selectee must be able to obtain and maintain a security clearance. If
selected you may be subject to a National Agency Check and Inquiry (NACI) and a
credit report inquiry.
HOW YOU WILL BE EVALUATED:

You will be evaluated based on your qualifications for this position as
evidenced by the education, experience, and training you described in your
application package, as well as the responses to the Occupational Questionnaire
to determine the degree to which you possess the knowledge, skills, abilities
and competencies listed below:

Knowledge of Civil Rights
        Knowledge of Compliance and Program Investigative Methods and Techniques

        Written Communication
        Oral Communication

We will review your application, including the online Occupational
Questionnaire, to ensure you meet the job requirements and assess your ability
to perform this job. Before any certificate can be issued to the selecting
official, the resume and supporting documents are reviewed by an HR Specialist
to ensure that (a) minimum qualification requirements are met and (b) the resume
supports the answers provided to the job-specific questions. Your answers will
be verified against information provided in your online resume and application.
Be sure that your resume clearly supports your responses to all the questions
addressing experience and education relevant to this position.
    Applicants who meet the basic minimum qualification requirements and are
determined to be among the best qualified candidates will be referred to the
hiring manager for consideration. Non-Competitive candidates need to meet
minimum qualification requirements to be referred.

Note: If, after reviewing your resume and / or supporting documentation, a
determination is made that you have inflated your qualifications and or
experience, your score can / will be lowered to more accurately reflect the
submitted documentation. Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or
omissions may affect your rating. Deliberate attempts to falsify information may
be grounds for not selecting you.

To view the application form, visit:
https://rhs.usda.ntis.gov/cp/?event=jobs.previewApplication&jobid=c11d4082-0687-
4c94-8e3f-a3a70105d75b

BENEFITS:
Back to top

You can review our benefits at:
http://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/healthcare/enrollment/new-federal-employ
ee-enrollment/


OTHER INFORMATION:

o  This position is eligible for telework and other flexible work arrangements.
Employee participation is at the discretion of the supervisor.
o  Career Transition Assistance Plan(CTAP) or Interagency Career Transition
Assistance Plan (ICTAP):   If you are claiming CTAP/ICTAP eligibility, provide
proof of eligibility to include your most recent performance appraisal, SF-50,
and proof of eligibility such as a RIF separation notice or letter from OPM/your
agency.  CTAP/ICTAP eligibles will be considered well-qualified if achieving a
rating of 85 or above.  Information about CTAP/ICTAP eligibility is on OPM's
Career Transition Resources website at http://www.opm.gov/ctap/index.asp.
o  Persons with disabilities who require alternative means for communication of
program information (Braille, large print, audiotape, etc) should contact:
USDA's TARGET Center at 202-720-2600 (voice and TDD).
HOW TO APPLY:
Back to top

Please read the entire announcement and all the instructions before you begin.
The following instructions outline our application process.

You must complete this application process and submit all required documents
electronically by 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time (ET) on the closing date of this
announcement.
    We are available to assist you during business hours (8:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m.,
Monday - Friday). Applying online is highly encouraged. If applying online poses
a hardship, please contact our office during business hours well before the
closing date for an alternate method. All hardship application packages with
supporting documents must be submitted no later than noon on the closing date of
the announcement in order to be entered into the system prior to its closing.
    This agency provides reasonable accommodation to applicants with
disabilities on a case-by-case basis; contact us if you are requesting this.

Step 1: Create a USAJOBS account (if you do not have one) at www.usajobs.gov. It
is recommended that as part of your profile you set up automatic email
notification to be informed when the status of your application changes. If you
choose not to set up this automatic notification, then you will have to log into
your USAJOBS account to check on the status of your application.


Step 2: Create a resume with USAJOBS or upload a resume into your USAJOBS
account. Customize your resume to ensure it documents duties and accomplishments
you have gained that are directly related to this position in order to verify
that qualifications are met. Your resume must support your responses to the
online questionnaire (you may preview the online questionnaire by clicking on
the link at the end of the How You Will Be Evaluated section of the job
announcement).

Step 3: Click "Apply Online" and follow the prompts to complete the Occupational
Questionnaire and attach any additional documents that may be required.
You can update your application or documents anytime while the announcement is
open. Log into your USAJOBS account and click on "Application Status." Click on
the position title, and then select "Update Application" to continue.
NOTE: Verify that uploaded documents from USAJOBs transfer into the Agency's
staffing system. Once in the Agency's staffing system you will have the
opportunity to upload additional documents. Uploaded documents must be less than
3MB and in one of the following document formats: GIF, JPG, JPEG, PNG, RTF, PDF,
or Word (DOC or DOCX).


REQUIRED DOCUMENTS:

A complete Application Package must be submitted and received prior to 11:59,
ET, on the closing date. The following documents are required for your
application package to be complete. Our office cannot be responsible for
incompatible software, illegible fax transmissions, delays in the mail service,
your system failure or downtime, etc. Failure to submit required, legible
documents may result in loss of consideration.

Resume that includes the following information: 1) personal information; 2)
education; 3) work experience including the work schedule and hours worked per
week as well as dates of employment; and title, series and grade if applicable;
4) supervisor's phone number and e-mail address for each work period listed and
whether or not we may contact them for reference checks; and, 5) other
qualifications.

Other required documents as applicable:

Current/Former Career/Career-Conditional: Most recent non-award Notification of
Personnel Action (SF-50 or equivalent) showing that you are/were in the
competitive service, highest grade (or promotion potential) held on a permanent
basis, federal status, position title, series and grade AND most recently
completed performance appraisal (dated within 18 months) showing the official
rating of record, signed by the supervisor, or a statement as to why the
performance appraisal is unavailable. Do not submit a performance plan.
    Veteran Hiring Authorities: (VEOA, VRA, and 30% Disabled Veterans): DD-214
(Member 4 Copy). Disabled veterans must include your VA letter & SF-15 if
claiming 10 pt. preference. Current active duty members must submit a
certification that they are expected to be discharged or released from active
duty under honorable conditions not later than 120 days after the date the
certification is submitted.
    Schedule A, Persons with Disabilities: Schedule A letter from a physician,
local, state or federal rehabilitation office citing eligibility under 5 CFR
213.3102 (u).
    Certain Military Spouses under E.O. 13473: Verification of the marriage to
the service member (i.e., a marriage license or other legal documentation
verifying marriage), plus Permanent Change of Station: PCS orders issued within
the last 2 years, that: lists you as authorized to accompany the military member
to the new duty permanent station; the specific location; and the effective date
of the PCS OR Military disability of 100%: verification of the member's release
or discharge due to 100% disability (DD-214 and VA Letter) OR Death while
serving on active duty: 1) Verification of release or discharge due to death
(DD-214). 2) Verification of the member's death (DD-1300 and Death Certificate.
3) Statement certifying they are un-remarried widow or widower of the service
member.
    Foreign Service: Most recent Foreign Service Notification of Personnel
Action, showing that you were/are serving under an unlimited, career-type
appointment AND have completed at least 1 year of continuous service without a
break of a workday under one or more nontemporary Foreign Service appointments.

    CTAP/ICTAP: Certification of Expected Separation, Reduction-In-Force
Separation Notice, Notice of Proposed Removal, or appropriate OPM/Agency
certification; AND most recent performance evaluation; AND SF-50 demonstrating
your separation or the position from which you will be separated.
    Peace Corps/VISTA Volunteers: Documentation of no less than 24 months (Peace
Corps) or 1 year (VISTA) of continuous service and separated within 1 year of
completing the qualifying service.
    Peace Corps Staff: Documentation of no less than 36 months of continuous
service without a break in service of 3 days or more and separated within the 3
years of completing the qualifying service.
    Certain Family Members under E.O. 12721: Most recent non-award SF-50 and
performance appraisal.
    Interchange Agreement with Other Merit Systems: Documentation of eligibility
as listed in interchange agreement.
    Miscellaneous Authorities Not Regulated by the Office of Personnel
Management: (Postal Career Service Employees, Postal Service Commission
Employees, GAO, US Courts, etc.), Current Notification of Personnel Action (or
equivalent) that reflects your eligibility.
    Other Special Hiring Authorities: If you are claiming eligibility under a
Special Hiring Authority, you must submit supporting documents.

AGENCY CONTACT INFO:
Paige Payne I
Phone: (202) 692-0186
Fax: (202) 692-0182
Email: paige.payne@wdc.usda.gov
Agency Information:
USDA
1400 Independance ave SW
Washington D.C.,
20250
United States
Fax: (202) 692-0182
WHAT TO EXPECT NEXT:
If you set up your USAJOBS account to send automatic email notifications, you
will receive an email acknowledging: 1) the submission of your online
Occupational Questionnaire and resume was successful,  2) if you were referred
to the selecting official for consideration, and  3) if you were selected or not
selected. If you choose not to set up automatic email notifications, you must
check your USAJOBS account for the latest status of your application. Your
application may be reviewed to verify that you meet the qualifications and
eligibility requirements for the position prior to issuing lists to a selecting
official. If further evaluation or interviews are required, you will be
contacted. Normally, a final job offer to the selected candidate is made within
30-60 days after the issuance of the certificate.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             615 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                            The Independent (London)

                             July 13, 1997, Sunday

Imagine Ambridge but with half the villagers homeless...; Weekenders, commuters,
retired people - all are nudging house prices beyond the reach of true country
folk. Felicity Cannell searches for a solution

BYLINE: Felicity Cannell

SECTION: PROPERTY; Page  9

LENGTH: 850 words


TWENTY per cent of people in England live in the countryside and many wish to
continue to do so, but some need help to achieve this.  The Rural Development
Commission is urging the Government to remember that countryside dwellers have
the same problems and deprivations as inner cities but with less access to
solutions offered by public transport, affordable housing and telecommunications
infrastructure.

According to the commission, nearly 20 per cent of rural households do not have
access to a car and 71 per cent of parishes do not have a daily bus service. The
Government has said that transport services in rural areas should not be allowed
to deteriorate, but a policy to improve might be more appropriate. Similarly,
other public services need to be improved rather than simply maintained at a
reduced level.

Probably the greatest problem for rural communities is finding somewhere for
their coming-of-age offspring to live. Many young people will leave rural areas
but those who wish to stay face a number of problems in finding a home. In the
more desirable areas they have to compete against commuters, second homeowners
and retired people. Populations of many rural areas have been growing
significantly, adding to the general need for increased housing. Prices tend to
be out of step with local earnings. Although unemployment is below the national
average across all rural development areas, an above average share of employment
is part-time, low paid and seasonal.

"If people on lower incomes are to continue to live in the countryside, a
substantial increase in the supply of social housing is required," says Richard
Butt, chief executive of the commission. But social housing is not always
available to young people. Alternative measures are needed.  Private rented
housing is no solution at present; in rural areas, at the bottom end of the
market, it is often in poor condition.

For these reasons the commission clashed heavily with the last government over
the right-to-buy scheme for council housing. Says the commission's Gillian
Kempster: "We felt strongly that some homes should be kept as rental only
accommodation, as it has been seen time and time again that local authority
stock, once sold, is not replaced in any shape or form."

Planning policy, meanwhile, has restricted the supply of suitable replacement
homes in many areas. Britain has a deep desire to protect green belt land, but
many rural families feel they need houses more than they need green fields.

Careful development with higher design standards could be one solution.  Corfe
Castle in Dorset has, over the years, become popular for second home owners;
consequently there is little affordable housing for local people. Exceptional
permission was granted to develop a derelict allotment in the heart of the
village to provide new housing for them. Abbots Cottages development used local
materials to blend in with the environment, and planning permission was granted
with the proviso that the homes were to be retained as affordable rental
accommodation for local people. Needs are so great that 44 applications were
made for the first six cottages.

Maybe the Government should take a leaf out of the Channel Islands' book
regarding desirable rural spots, particularly those on the tourist trail.
Locals on Alderney are offered cheap loans to buy property at cheap prices.  But
when it comes to selling, properties must be offered back to the government of
Alderney, which rarely refuses to buy, so keeping them for local people.
Outsiders - those resident on the island for less than 15 years - have to buy on
the open market at considerably greater cost.

Economic change has led to the decline of rural market town centres through the
closure of traditional businesses: livestock markets, dairies, mines, breweries
and local manufacturing. Action for Market Towns is encouraging the
redevelopment of these vacant premises, and new-build properties, to provide
homes for the growing populations, which, despite local industry closures, are
beginning to capitalise on their natural asset - the beauty of the countryside.

There are nearly 900 "market" towns in England, each with a population of under
15,000, and some have already secured funds from sources such as Rural Challenge
and the National Lottery for regeneration. The Rural Commission hopes this will
lead not only to increased housing, but also increased employment, particularly
for young single people.

But this is no help to the residents of the many villages, hamlets and pocket
communities elsewhere in the country. "The re-use of urban sites and improving
life in towns can help to relieve the pressure on the countryside but will not
in themselves remove the need for additional housing in rural areas," says Jo
Lavis of the Rural Development Commission. "Developments concentrated in larger
centres to reduce greenfield land take will not necessarily reduce travel or be
more sustainable."

Rural Development Commission 0171 340 2900; Action for Market Towns 01284
756567.


LOAD-DATE: July 15, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1997 Independent Print Ltd


                             616 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                March 24, 1986, Monday, Late City Final Edition

HOUSING PROJECT SETS OFF DISPUTE IN OLD MILL TOWN

BYLINE: By GENE I. MAEROFF, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 12, Column 2; National Desk

LENGTH: 946 words

DATELINE: HOLYOKE, Mass., March 20


A land parcel approved by the Federal Government as the site for a
million-dollar housing project for farm workers has become the focus of an
intense controversy in this old mill town.

In an effort to block the project, the Board of Aldermen voted to appropriate
the site by eminent domain. The Mayor, though also opposed to the project,
thwarted the aldermen, fearing the city would be suspected of discrimination and
lose state and Federal revenue. The local newspaper opposed the project even
though its parent company had made it possible by selling the land.

In the crossfire of arguments are issues of ethnic attitudes, the proper role of
subsidized housing and community revitalization.

The project, for which ground is to be broken in April unless the city finds a
way to stop it, has received a commitment from the Federal Farmers Home
Administration for a grant of $836,300 and a loan of $109,000.

Workers Shuttle to Valley

The unlikely dispute over housing for farm workers in the midst of a small
industrial city arose because Holyoke and neighboring Springfield are home to
farm workers who harvest vegetables and tobacco in the nearby Connecticut
Valley.

Holyoke officials argue that the site for the project, near a decrepit downtown
area the city wants to rejuvenate, is inappropriate for the row houses meant to
accommodate 18 families of farm workers.

''It isn't healthy for a community that is trying to revitalize its downtown to
add subsidized housing to the area if it can be avoided,'' said Mayor Ernest E.
Proulx. City officials have not proposed an alternate site for the project.

But advocates maintain that the opposition chiefly comes because of the
families, mostly Hispanic, who will live in the houses.

''The heart of their objection is to the prospective tenants rather than to the
housing itself,'' said Ann Houston, president of the Valley Housing Development
Corporation, the nonprofit agency set up to oversee the project.

Small Size for Site

The site, four-fifths of an acre on a narrow strip that is vacant except for a
playground, is in a quiet residential area. City officials also say the site is
too small for the number of families who would occupy it.

Three blocks east is Holyoke's main downtown thoroughfare, High Street, whose
splendid Victorian buildings attest to the city's faded glory.

Just beyond High Street are the rows of mills along the Connecticut River that,
before World War II, made Holyoke a manufacturing center for woolens, silks and
high-grade writing paper.

As Holyoke's industrial base crumbled, subsidized housing grew for people who
could no longer afford housing at the market rate. Mayor Proulx said that more
than 40 percent of the rental units in Holyoke, which make up most of the
housing stock, are subsidized.

He maintains that improving the downtown area would be aided by keeping
additional subsidized housing in the neighborhood to a minimum.

But Mrs. Houston pointed out that the city was building subsidized housing for
the elderly even closer to the downtown area than the farm workers' housing
would be. Mayor Proulx said the project was an exception because it was in a
historic building that would not have been saved without subsidies.

Neighborhood Attitudes Divided

Those who would be neighbors of the farm workers have mixed feelings.

''There's enough of them in this neighborhood without adding more,'' a nearby
homeowner who refused to give his name said of his prospective neighbors.

But Jesus Rosa, 27 years old, manager of an apartment building across from the
site, thinks the project is necessary. ''Poor individuals don't have enough
housing,'' he said.

The 15-member Board of Aldermen voted unanimously this month to take the site by
eminent domain. But last week Mayor Proulx refused to appropriate money for the
purchase, saying it would ''be considered a sham, designed to deny the property
owners their civil rights.''

He said he feared that such an action would jeopardize government grants,
including state aid that Holyoke is seeking to establish a $2 million volleyball
hall of fame.

Past charges of bias in housing led the state to require Holyoke to develop a
plan for fair housing or face a cutoff of funds.

Caught in the dispute is The Transcript-Telegram, Holyoke's daily newspaper,
whose owner, Newspapers of New England, sold the land to Valley Housing. A home
belonging to the newspaper's founding family once stood on the site.

Value of Site Disputed

Robert V. Unger, the managing editor, said the connection had had ''no impact on
our coverage.'' Editorials and columns in The Transcript-Telegram have asserted
that the project is not in Holyoke's interest.

The site, carrying an assessed valuation of $8,500, was sold by Newspapers of
New England for $75,000, a price some say was too high.

''I don't think you can find other land around here going for about $75,000 an
acre,'' said Richard P. Courchesne, president of Olde Holyoke Development
Corporation, which has worked worked with the city on nonprofit housing
projects. ''The most expensive land in the area, in the industrial park, goes
for $25,000 an acre.''

Kim R. Crossman, district loan specialist of the Farmers Home Administration,
said he was surprised by the controversy. ''Most of our projects are in rural
areas where farms are located and we aren't required by Federal law to get input
from communities,'' he said.

But city officials in Holyoke are angry that the agency never consulted them.
Now they are seeking a meeting with their Congressman, Representative Silvio O.
Conte, to see what avenues are available to block construction.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: map of Massachusetts highlighting Holyoke; photo of Ann Houston
(NYT/Steve Miller); photo of Mayor Ernest Proulx (NYT/Steve Miller)

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                             617 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                    February 5, 2004 Thursday, York Edition

Homeownership classes offered at three sites

SECTION: YOUR NEIGHBORS; News Briefs; Pg. 10E

LENGTH: 227 words

DATELINE: SANFORD/ELIOT


Tired of renting? Take the first step in owning your own home by attending a
Homeownership Education Class, offered by York County Community Action
Corporation.

Three new sessions will be offered, those dates include: March 18 at the Sanford
YCCAC office; April 1 at Marshwood High School in Eliot; and May 4 at Noble High
School in North Berwick. The cost for these sessions is $30 and attendees need
only attend one session.

Classes are designed to teach about home ownership opportunities available,
including down-payment and closing cost assistance for first-time homebuyers and
low-income families. Potential home buyers will be instructed in a wide range of
topics, from finding a home and working with a realtor, to improving credit
ratings, obtaining financing for a home mortgage and more. Participants will
have the opportunity to meet guest speakers from local banks and realty
agencies. The fee for the class includes a credit report and appointment with
financial housing counselor. Upon completion of the course participants receive
a certificate required for Maine State Housing Authority, HUD, Rural
Development, and other special low-interest loan programs. York County Community
Action Corporation is a private non-profit organization-serving residents since
1967.

To register for classes, call YCCAC at 324-5762, ext. 9040.

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 2004 Blethen Maine Newspapers, Inc.


                             618 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 9, 2016 Saturday

California: USDA Reminds Individuals and Small Businesses Affected by Flooding
in West Virginia that USDA Offers Disaster Assistance Programs to Help

LENGTH: 1361  words

DATELINE: New York



 Sacramento: State Departments of Agriculture, The State of California has
issued the following news release:



   The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) reminds farmers and ranchers,
families and small businesses affected by flooding in West Virginia that USDA
has several programs which provide assistance before, during and after
disasters. USDA staff in regional, State and county offices are ready to help.





 When floods destroy or severely damage residential property, USDA Rural
Development (RD) can assist with providing priority hardship application
processing for single family housing. Under a disaster designation, RD can issue
a priority letter for next available multi-family housing units.



 As of June 28th the USDA Rural Development office in West Virginia reported
that there are 364 apartments in facilities that are part of the RD Multi-Family
Housing program which are available to people who have lost their homes. There
are 178 one bedroom apartments, 182 two bedroom apartments, and 4 three bedroom
apartments. While RD does not "place" people in these properties, the state RD
office can provide the information on how flood victims can contact the owners
and operators of these facilities. If you or a loved one has lost a home due to
the tragic weather of June, please contact West Virginia's USDA Rural
Development State Office at (304) 284-4860 or email Housing Program Director
David L. Cain at David.Cain@wv.usda.gov Finally, while RD's programs do not
normally have disaster assistance authority, many of USDA Rural Development
programs can help provide financial relief to small businesses hit by natural
disasters, including low-interest loans to community facilities, water
environmental programs, businesses and cooperatives and to rural utilities.



 The USDA Food and Nutrition Service (FNS) coordinates with state, local and
voluntary organizations to provide food for shelters and other mass feeding
sites. Under certain circumstances, states also may request to operate a
disaster household distribution program to distribute USDA Foods directly to
households in need. In addition, FNS may approve a state's request to implement
a Disaster Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) when the President
declares a major disaster for individual assistance under the Stafford Act in
areas affected by a disaster. State agencies may also request a number of
disaster-related SNAP waivers to help provide temporary assistance to impacted
households already receiving SNAP benefits at the time of the disaster.
Resources for disaster feeding partners as well as available FNS disaster
nutrition assistance can be found on the FNS Disaster Assistance website.



 For declared natural disasters that lead to imminent threats to life and
property, the USDA Natural Resources Conservation Service (NRCS) can assist
local government sponsors with the cost of implementing recovery efforts like
debris removal and streambank stabilization to address natural resource concerns
and hazards through the Emergency Watershed Protection Program. In the declared
West Virginia counties, NRCS staff is coordinating with state partners to
complete damage assessments in preparation for sponsor assistance requests. NRCS
also can help producers with damaged agricultural lands caused by natural
disasters such as floods. The NRCS Environmental Quality Incentives Program
(EQIP) provides financial assistance to repair and prevent excessive soil
erosion that can result from high rainfall events and flooding. Conservation
practices supported through EQIP protect the land and aid in recovery, can build
the natural resource base, and might help mitigate loss in future events.



 Severe weather forecasts often present the possibility of power outages that
could compromise the safety of stored food. The USDA Food Safety and Inspection
Service (FSIS) recommends that consumers take the necessary steps before,
during, and after a power outage to reduce food waste and minimize the risk of
foodborne illness. FSIS offers tips for keeping frozen and refrigerated food
safe and a brochure that can be downloaded and printed for reference at home.
For additional questions, call the USDA Meat and Poultry Hotline at
1-888-MPHotline (1-888-674-6854) on weekdays from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. ET or visit
AskKaren.gov to chat live with a food safety specialist, available in English
and Spanish.



 The USDA Farm Service Agency (FSA) administers many safety-net programs to help
producers recover from eligible losses, including the Livestock Indemnity
Program, the Emergency Assistance for Livestock, Honeybees, and Farm-Raised Fish
Program, Emergency Forest Restoration Program (EFRP) and the Tree Assistance
Program. The FSA Emergency Conservation Program provides funding and technical
assistance for farmers and ranchers to rehabilitate farmland damaged by natural
disasters. Producers located in counties that received a primary or contiguous
disaster designation are eligible for low-interest emergency loans to help them
recover from production and physical losses. Compensation also is available to
producers who purchased coverage through the Noninsured Crop Disaster Assistance
Program, which protects non-insurable crops against natural disasters that
result in lower yields, crop losses or prevented planting. USDA encourages
farmers and ranchers to contact their local FSA office to learn what documents
can help the local office expedite assistance, such as farm records, receipts
and pictures of damages or losses.



 Producers should use form FSA-576, Notice of Loss, to report prevented planting
and failed acres in order to establish or retain FSA program eligibility.
Prevented planting acreage must be reported no later than 15 calendar days after
the final planting date as established by FSA and USDA Risk Management Agency
(RMA). Producers must file a Notice of Loss for failed acres on all crops
including grasses in a timely fashion, often within 15 days of the occurrence or
when the losses become apparent. Producers of hand-harvested crops must notify
FSA of damage or loss within 72 hours of when the date of damage or loss first
becomes apparent.



 Producers with coverage through the RMA administered federal crop insurance
program should contact their crop insurance agent. Those who purchased crop
insurance will be paid for covered losses. Producers should report crop damage
within 72 hours of damage discovery and follow up in writing within15 days.



 USDA National Institute of Food and Agriculture provides support for disaster
education through the Extension Disaster Education Network (EDEN). EDEN's goal
is to improve the nation's ability to mitigate, prepare for, prevent, respond to
and recover from disasters. Through the land-grant universities and Cooperative
Extension System across the nation, EDEN links Extension educators from various
disciplines to share research-based resources to reduce the impact of disasters.




 For complete details and eligibility requirements regarding USDA's disaster
assistance programs, contact a local USDA Service Center
(http://offices.sc.egov.usda.gov/locator/app). More information about USDA
disaster assistance
(http://www.usda.gov/documents/fact-sheet-usda-programs-assist-individuals-small
-businesses.pdf) as well as other disaster resources is available on the USDA
Disaster Resource Center website. In a continuing effort to better serve the
public, USDA has developed a new and improved central resource for disaster
related materials. In partnership with the Federal Emergency Management Agency
and other disaster-focused organizations, USDA created a Disaster Resource
Center (http://www.usda.gov/wps/portal/usda/usdahome?navid=disaster-help)
website, utilizing a new online searchable knowledgebase. This knowledgebase is
a collection of disaster-related resources that are powered by agents with
subject-matter expertise. The new Disaster Resource Center website and web tool
now provide an easy access point to find USDA disaster information and
assistance.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             619 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Cape Cod Times (Hyannis, Massachesetts)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 17, 2011 Saturday

Tribe gets $12.7M loan for Mashpee community center

BYLINE: Heather Wysocki, Cape Cod Times, Hyannis, Mass.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 466 words


Sept. 17--MASHPEE -- Crammed into a tiny meeting space, members of the Mashpee
Wampanoag tribe couldn't help but smile when thinking of the much larger
quarters they'll soon have.

On Friday, the tribe signed papers closing its $12.7 million loan from the U.S.
Department of Agriculture, setting in motion plans for a massive community
center to be built at the tribal headquarters site.

"We dreamt very big," Mashpee Wampanoag Tribal Council Chairman Cedric Cromwell
said while surrounded by about two dozen tribe members and supporters. "But the
dream came true."

A year ago, the tribe announced its intentions to build the community center
using a USDA grant and expected to break ground this spring, but the plan was
delayed by unexpected paperwork and research, Cromwell said. "When we were
approved, we thought that was that. There was a lot more, but that's OK."

For years, the tribe has operated out of cramped offices and modular trailers on
a dusty lot off Great Neck Road South. Because of a lack of space, tribal events
have been held at other locations the tribe had to rent, Cromwell said.

The new community center will give tribe members a place to gather and hold
events, and the tribal council will meet at the facility. It also will include
areas for the tribe's social programs such as housing, education and job
training.

An area for youth and a lounge for tribal elders will give those two groups a
space they've never had, Cromwell said. "It's so important for them to have a
tribal identity," he said. "To gather with our chief, with our medicine man, and
to really come together."

At 40,000 square feet, the community center will be nearly twice as large as the
new Mashpee Public Library, which opened last year. The library cost nearly $10
million to build and was funded through a combination of grants, donations and a
town debt exclusion.

The tribe's 30-year loan will be repaid to the USDA's rural development office
through federal money the tribe gets for programs such as health care and
housing, according to a USDA spokeswoman.

New buildings larger than 10,000 square feet usually require Cape Cod Commission
review, but the Mashpee Wampanoag community center is exempt from the review
because of the tribe's sovereign status, a spokeswoman for the county agency
said last year.

The tribe hopes to break ground in the spring, and tribal offices will move to
modular trailers during construction, Cromwell said. He was unsure when
construction would be completed. But one thing was already decided before the
Friday ceremony, according to Chief Vernon "Silent Drum" Lopez.

"I'm going to dig the first shovelful," he said.

___ (c)2011 the Cape Cod Times (Hyannis, Mass.) Visit the Cape Cod Times
(Hyannis, Mass.) at www.capecodonline.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110917-CA-Tribe-gets-12.7M-loan
-for-Mashpee-community-center-0917-20110917

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CA


                         Copyright 2011 Cape Code Times


                             620 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Gloucester Citizen

                             July 17, 2007 Tuesday

PM's housing promise 'all spin' - councillor

SECTION: Pg. 9

LENGTH: 462 words


The Prime Minister's pledge to create three million extra affordable homes by
2020 to ease the housing crisis has been met with scepticism by councils in
Gloucestershire.

Gordon Brown's plans include raising the annual house-building target from
200,000 to 240,000 new homes a year by 2016 and releasing 550 brownfield sites
on public land for development.

But Gloucester City Council's cabinet member for housing and health, councillor
Andrew Gravells, said he was sceptical about the promise because no money had
been put on the table for the 5,670 people on the council's waiting list for
homes.

"It's been all spin and good intentions," he said.

Coun Gravells said the number of people arriving daily at the housing department
for advice was growing.

But he said the biggest problem for the city is the increasing number of migrant
workers who need housing.

"What he could do quite quickly and easily for Gloucester is to recognise the
enormous pressure we're under here, having to deal with  the hundreds of migrant
workers now arriving in Gloucester," he said.

"They are in addition to the asylum seekers, which his colleagues in the Home
Office have been directing to the city for several years now."

In Stroud, the district council cabinet member for housing Frances Roden, said:
"We are watching with great interest for further details on how many of the
intended three million extra homes would be built locally, how Government
intends to pay for the extra affordable homes - in particular whether it will
increase its funding to the Housing Corporation and the scope for different
models and providers of affordable housing."

"As details emerge I would welcome wider discussion in the county to actively
and fully ensure opportunities and challenges are addressed, to more closely
meet the needs of our local community and also examine environmental and
infrastructure issues."

Meanwhile, Forest of Dean District Council chairman Marion Winship said the fact
that most housing development was planned for urban areas brought problems for
rural areas like the Forest.

"It means that our allocation is much lower than we want," she said.

"The Government needs to allow us to do what local people need.

"We need a mix in the Forest, not just affordable or rented social housing
because people do want to own their own homes."

The Stroud and Swindon Building Society is currently reviewing its mortgage
products to keep up with demand.

A spokeswoman said: "The new products are likely to include first time buyer
mortgages."

Housing Minister Yvette Cooper has called for every new block of flats to
include a mix of private, social and council homes.

She said there should be an end to the "segregation" of different kinds of
properties with new mixed developments being built instead.

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 The Gloucester Citizen
                              All Rights Reserved


                             621 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      May 24, 1981, Sunday, Final Edition

Historic Preservation Awards

BYLINE: By Sarah Booth Conroy

SECTION: Living in Style; B1

LENGTH: 543 words


HISTORIC preservation is not just for monuments and mansions, as this year's
National Trust for Historic Preservation awards show.  Big industrial buildings
and small rural villages are worthy of protection and use.  Honors also went to
individuals and groups.

Gordon Gray of Washington received the Louise Du Pont Crowninshield Award, the
Trust's highest recognition, for his "leadership and skillful guidance" in the
passage of the National Historic Preservation Act of 1966 and his "vision and
dedication" as chairman of the Trust from 1962-'73.

The Waterford (Va.) Foundation was honored for preserving through protective
facades and open land easements the historical and cultural qualities of
Waterford's early agricultural village.  The village was settled by Quakers in
1733.  The village was also one of the first to encourage the revival of 18th-
and 19th-century handicrafts.  An annual tour helps support preservation.

William A. Whiteside of Washington was honored for developing the Neighborhood
Housing Service, which has "stimulated the revitalization of buildings in
neighborhoods across the country, generated the reinvestment of millions of
dollars and improved the quality of life for thousands of residents." The
Neighborhood Housing Service started as a Pittsburgh plan.

Whiteside, then director of the Urban Reinvestment Task Force, went on to
establish the program in 123 neighborhoods in 97 cities, with 31 under
development.  The program brings together residents who are repairing and
improving their homes, lenders who agree to lend money for such projects and
city services for capital improvements.

NHS administers a revolving fund.  Neighborhood Reinvestment Corporation, the
parent group, oversees the independent programs.  Neighborhood Housing Services
of America Inc. sells loans to private investors, and uses doantions to lower
the interest rate on the revolving fund loans.

Other awards:

The Columbus Iron Works Convention and Trade Center on the Chattahoochee River
is an example of industrial architecture, preserved with some of the old
machinery as decorative sculpture by the Columbus Consolidated Government.
Other industrial preservations efforts honorees included Belknap Mill Society in
Laconia, N.H., which restored the Busiel and Belknap Mills; and Mary Ellen
Kramer of Paterson, N.J., for establishing the Great Falls/S.U.M.  Historic
District in Paterson to include its industrial buildings.

Three theaters won awards: the Fifth Avenue Theater Association in Seattle,
Wash., the Paramount Theater of the Arts in Oakland, Calif. and the Ohio Theatre
restoration in Columbus, Ohio, led by Mary L. Bishop.

Alaska Pacific Bank in Anchorage restored and reused the old City Hall as a
banking and cultural center.  Lavonia Jenkins Barnes of Waco saved and restored
Waco houses, and published books on Banks and restoring the fishing village of
Manteo.  Mary Zoghby of Mobile, Ala., a state legislator, supported the
Historical Preservation Authorities Acts.

The Gamble house, designed and built in the arts and crafts manner by Greene and
Greene around the turn of the century, and owned by the City of Pasadena and the
University of Southern California (see story above.).

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture, Interior of Ohio Theatre, Columbus, Ohio.  Quicksilver
Photography

                       Copyright 1981 The Washington Post


                             622 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 1, 2015 Thursday

New Equipment Contract for Telecommunications and Broadband Borrowers

LENGTH: 1117 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 WASHINGTON, DC:  This Proposed Rule document was issued by the Rural Utilities
Service (RUS)


  Action

  Request for comments.

  Summary

  The Rural Utilities Service (RUS), a Rural Development agency of the United
States Department of Agriculture (USDA), is requesting public comments on
streamlining the Agency's contractual process for equipment procurement by
replacing type-specific Equipment Contracts, RUS Forms 397, 398, 525, 545, and
the associated documents (Forms 231, 396, 396a, 397b, 397c, 397d, 397f, 397g,
397h, 517, 525a, 744, 752a, 754, and addenda) with a new, unified Equipment
Contract, RUS Form 395 and the associated close-out documents (Forms 395a, 395b,
395c and 395d).

  Dates

  Comments, electronic and/or paper, must be received by November 30, 2015 to be
assured consideration. Late comments will not be considered.

  Addresses

  Comments may be submitted by one of the following methods:


   Federal Rulemaking Portal at http://www.regulations.gov. Follow the on-line
instructions for submitting comments on this final rule with request or
comments.

   Postal Mail/Commercial Delivery: Please send your comments addressed to
Thomas P. Dickson, Acting Director, Program Development and Regulatory Analysis,
Rural Utilities Service, U.S. Department of Agriculture, 1400 Independence
Avenue, STOP 1522, Room 5164, Washington, DC 20250-1522.


  All comments submitted in response to this document will be included in the
record and will be made available to the public. RUS will make the comments
publicly available online at: http://www.regulations.gov. Additionalinformation
about Rural Development and its programs is available on the Internet at
http://www.rd.usda.gov.

  How to Obtain a Copy: To obtain a copy of the proposed new RUS Form 395,
Equipment Contract, use one of the following methods:


   Internet at the following Web site:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/files/UTP_form_395.pdf.

   Email/Postal: By contacting the individual listed in theFOR FURTHER
INFORMATION CONTACTsection of this document.


  For Further Information Contact

  Aylene Mafnas, Chief, Engineering Branch, Policy and Outreach Division, Rural
Utilities Service, Telecommunications Program, U.S. Department of Agriculture,
STOP 1599, 1400 Independence Ave. SW., Washington, DC 20250-1550, Telephone
number: (202) 690-4673.

  Supplementary Information

  Background

  Rural Development is a mission area within the U.S. Department of Agriculture
comprising the Rural Utilities Service, Rural Housing Service and Rural
Business/Cooperative Service. Rural Development's mission is to increase
economic opportunity and improve the quality of life for all rural Americans.
Rural Development meets its mission by providing loans, loan guarantees, grants
and technical assistance through more than 40 programs aimed at creating and
improving housing, businesses and infrastructure throughout rural America.

  The Rural Utilities Service (RUS) loan, loan guarantee and grant programs act
as a catalyst for economic and community development. By financing improvements
to rural electric, water and waste, and telecom and broadband infrastructure,
RUS also plays a big role in improving other measures of quality of life in
rural America, including public health and safety, environmental protection,
conservation and cultural and historic preservation.

  In order to continue to facilitate the programmatic interest of the Rural
Electrification Act of 1936 (the &ldquo;RE Act&rdquo;), as amended (7 U.S.C. 901
et seq.), that loans and loans guaranteed by RUS are adequately secured, RUS has
established the use of certain standardized forms for materials, equipment, and
construction of electric and telecommunications systems. The use of standard
forms, construction contracts, and procurement procedures help to assure that
appropriate standards and specifications are maintained by the borrower in order
to not adversely affect RUS's loan security, and ensure that loan and loan
guarantee funds are effectively used for the intended purpose(s).

  RUS may, from time to time, promulgate new contract forms or revise or
eliminate existing contract forms. In so doing, RUS is required by 7 CFR
1755.29, to publish a notice of rulemaking in theFederal Registerannouncing, as
appropriate, a revision in, or a proposal to amend &sect; 1755.30(c) , List of
telecommunications standard contract forms. On February 12, 2014, RUS published
a proposed rule in theFederal Register, (79 FR 8327) to establish a New
Equipment Contract and associated Policies for Telecommunications and Broadband
Borrowers, RUS Form 395 under 7 CFR parts 1753 and 1755. RUS Form 395, reflects
present business and RUS practices, as well as changes in technology, services
and equipment. It has come to the attention of the Agency that the proposed rule
published in theFederal Registerwas not clear on how or where to obtain a copy
of the proposed new Equipment Contract, RUS Form 395. RUS is issuing this
Request for comments to provide an opportunity for interested persons to obtain
a copy of the new RUS Form 395 for their review and comment. The information
collection and recordkeeping requirements associated with the new RUS Form 395
and its associated forms were submitted to OMB on February 12, 2014 and filed
with comment.

  The purpose of this undertaking is to improve the customer service provided by
RUS's rural telecommunications and broadband borrowers. Changes in competition,
legislation, technologies, and regulation have resulted in changes to business
practices in the communications industry. In response to these changes RUS has
undertaken a comprehensive review of its Telecommunications and Broadband
Programs' contracts and contracting procedures.

  The new Equipment Contract, RUS Form 395 and the associated close-out
documents (Forms 395a, 395b, 395c and 395d) will replace the current Equipment
Specific Contracts, RUS Forms 397, 398, 525, 545, and the associated close-out
documents (Forms 231, 396, 396a, 517, 744, 752, 752a, and 754). The contract
terms and obligations included in the new RUS Form 395, Equipment Contract,
reflect current RUS and private sector industry practices, as well as changes in
technology, services and equipment. The intent here is to streamline the
contractual process for RUS borrowers and expedite the process of approving
equipment procurement during RUS funded construction projects.


   Dated: July 29, 2015.

   Brandon McBride,

   Administrator, Rural Utilities Service.

 [FR Doc. 2015-25045 Filed 9-30-15; 8:45 am]
 BILLING CODE 3410-15-P


 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             623 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 18, 2013 Wednesday

Wyoming: Federal Home Loan Bank of Seattle Awards $5.5 Million for Affordable
Housing

LENGTH: 917  words

DATELINE: Cheyenne


Federal Home Loan Bank of Seattle, The state of Wyoming has issued the following
news release:

Funds Will Help Create 640 Affordable Housing Units in Five States

News Release: December 18, 2013
Contact:

Connie Waks
206.340.2305


Philip Horton
206.340.2375

Seattle - The Federal Home Loan Bank of Seattle (Seattle Bank) is pleased to
announce the award of $5.5 million in Affordable Housing Program (AHP) funds to
support 14 projects providing 640 units of affordable housing in Idaho, Montana,
Oregon, Utah, and Washington.

The Seattle Bank distributes its AHP funding through its member institutions,
which work with for-profit and nonprofit organizations in their communities to
address local housing needs. The Seattle Bank's 2013 AHP awards will benefit
households with special needs, homeless individuals, Native peoples, and
veterans, among others.

"We are very pleased to provide this funding for affordable housing, and we know
it will be put to good use," said Seattle Bank President and CEO Michael L.
Wilson. "We have a large and diverse district, with a broad range of populations
and housing needs. Our members and their community partners live and work in the
communities they serve, and they are keenly aware of local housing needs and how
best to meet them. We look forward to the completion of these projects and the
positive impact they will undoubtedly have on their residents and communities
overall."

Visit the 2013 AHP Awards page on the Seattle Bank's website for a more complete
description of the projects receiving 2013 AHP awards.
2013 Affordable Housing Program Awards

Idaho

$474,350 for Hudson Park in Coeur d'Alene
    Sponsored by Glacier Bank and Commonwealth Agency, Inc. in partnership with
Whitewater Creek, Inc.
    $375,000 for Valencia Apartments in Fruitland
    Sponsored by Idaho Independent Bank and Northwest Integrity Housing Co.
    $63,800 for Coeur d'Alene Tribal Housing Authority Rehabilitation Project in
Plummer and Worley
    Sponsored by Sterling Bank and Coeur d'Alene Tribal Housing Authority

Montana

$700,000 for Apsaalooke Warrior Apartments in Crow Agency
    Sponsored by First Interstate Bank and Crow Tribal Housing Authority
    $520,000 for Poverello Center Emergency Facility in Missoula
    Sponsored by First Montana Bank and The Poverello Center, Inc.

Oregon

$80,991 for Allen Estates Phase 1 and 2 in Beaverton
    Sponsored by Sterling Bank and Willamette West Habitat for Humanity

Utah

$386,957 for Self-Help Homes Project in Payson, Heber, and Elk Ridge
    Sponsored by Bank of American Fork and Rural Housing Development Corporation

    $310,000 for Northern Utah Neighborhood Improvement in Tremonton, Brigham
City, and Logan City
    Sponsored by Bank of American Fork and Neighborhood Nonprofit Housing
Corporation

Washington

$700,000 for Homestead Acquisition - Rehab at scattered sites across King County

    Sponsored by Banner Bank and Homestead Community Land Trust
    $655,000 for Lilac Plaza in Spokane
    Sponsored by Glacier Bank and Spokane Baptist Association Homes
    $395,956 for University Commons in Seattle
    Sponsored by Sterling Bank and Low Income Housing Institute
    $338,200 for Lilac Place in Woodland
    Sponsored by Twin City Bank and Longview Housing Authority
    $323,964 for Multi-Service Center's Veteran's Housing Project in Federal Way

    Sponsored by Sterling Bank and Multi-Service Center
    $215,976 for Appleway Court II in Spokane Valley
    Sponsored by Sterling Bank and Spokane United Methodist Homes

AHP funds are awarded on a competitive basis. To receive an AHP award, an
organization must demonstrate its ability to effectively create affordable
housing and promote community stability.

In addition to the AHP, the Seattle Bank supports affordable housing and
community and economic development projects through its Home$tart Program,
Community Investment Program (CIP), and Economic Development Fund (EDF).

Additional information regarding the Seattle Bank's 2013 AHP awards and
community investment programs is available on the Seattle Bank's website at
www.fhlbsea.com.
About the Seattle Bank

The Federal Home Loan Bank of Seattle (Seattle Bank) is a member-owned
cooperative, serving approximately 330 financial institutions. The Seattle Bank
provides its members with access to wholesale funding, which they use to make
home mortgages, small business, and other loans in their communities.

The Seattle Bank also works with its members and their community partners to
promote affordable housing and economic development. Each year, the bank
provides 10 percent of its profits to fund affordable housing--both rental and
homeownership--and provides millions of dollars in reduced-rate loans for
affordable housing and community economic development.

The Seattle Bank's Affordable Housing Program provides subsidy to acquire,
construct, or rehabilitate affordable rental or owner-occupied housing for low-
and moderate-income households. The Home$tart Program provides downpayment
assistance to first-time homebuyers earning up to 80 percent of area median
income. The Community Investment Program / Economic Development Fund offer
reduced-rate loans for affordable housing and community economic development.

One of 12 Federal Home Loan Banks in the United States, the Seattle Bank serves
Alaska, Hawaii, Idaho, Montana, Oregon, Utah, Washington, Wyoming, American
Samoa, Guam, and the Northern Mariana Islands.

For further information please visit: http://www.fhlbsea.com/

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             624 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                              June 21, 2010 Monday

June is National Homeownership Month

BYLINE: By Terry Brunner For the Headlight

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 631 words


USDA Rural Development State Director Terry Brunner announced that June has been
declared National Homeownership Month by the federal government. The celebration
is a commemoration of the 'American Dream of Homeownership' and to open the door
for new homeowners.

During the month of June, USDA Rural Development has planned numerous activities
across New Mexico to bring more attention to homeownership. The events are
designed to educate the public on how to purchase a home.

In making the announcement Brunner said, "USDA Rural Development has always been
committed to helping families reach their dream of homeownership and this year's
theme 'Protecting the American Dream' is particularly important during these
challenging times." Brunner added, "Since the beginning of the fiscal year we
have provided almost 400 families with home loans making this fiscal year one of
the most successful we've ever had in New Mexico."

National Homeownership Month began in 1997 as a challenge to increase the number
of homeowners throughout the United States. Government studies have shown that
homeownership is a key element in the nation's economy with the housing industry
accounting for about 15 percent of the gross domestic product (GDP) in a typical
year. Studies also show that neighborhoods are strengthened when there is a
higher percentage of homeownership. Homeowners are proven to be more active in
their neighborhoods, they contribute more to their communities and a more stable
environment for families is created.

This month, USDA Rural Development will highlight and honor several families who
have successfully achieved homeownership, who have overcome family challenges to
do so and to also honor the many lenders and realtors who have partnered with
USDA Rural Development to ensure that New Mexico families have access to the
housing programs funding sources offered by Rural Development.

USDA Rural Development's mission is to increase economic opportunity and improve
the quality of life for rural residents. Rural Development fosters growth in
homeownership, finances business development, and supports the creation of
critical community and technology infrastructure. Further information on rural
programs is available at any local USDA Rural Development office or by visiting
USDA Rural Development's web site at www.rurdev.usda.gov .

Event Schedule

June 21, Portales, NM (11 a.m.) -- State Director Terry Brunner will present a
U.S. flag to Burl and Jana Dodd to celebrate their successful purchase of a
home. The event will be held at e Frost Mortgage located at 401 West 4th Street
in Portales, NM. The State Director will also present a certificate of
appreciation to Mr. Chris Wood of Frost Mortgage for his efforts in providing
homeownership opportunities in the Portales area.

June 21, Hobbs/Lovington, NM (3 p.m.) -- Housewarming event at the home of David
Valderaz and family located at West Avenue I, Lovington, NM. State Director
Brunner will present a U.S. flag to the family to celebrate their successful
purchase of a home. Brenda Bryant of ENG Lending will be named lender of the
year in the Hobbs/Lovington area.

June 22, Artesia, NM (10 a.m.) -- Housewarming event at the home of Ms. Sherry
Norwood located at 1409 West James in Artesia, NM. State Director Brunner will
present a U.S. flag to Ms. Norwood to celebrate their successful purchase of a
home. State Director Brunner will also make a special presentation to 1st
American Bank for the work the lending institution has done to provide mortgages
in the Artesia area.

June 22, Roswell (1:30 p.m.) -- Housing partners briefing. State Director Terry
Brunner will lead a presentation on the housing programs offered by USDA Rural
Development in conjunction with various partners including RCAC, HAC and MFA.

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2010 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             625 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               The Times (London)

                             January 9, 2015 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Tens of thousands of homes in brownfield building boom

BYLINE: Jill Sherman

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 589 words


Tens of thousands of new homes are to be fast-tracked across the country, the
government has announced.

A shortlist of 29 new housing zones - including several in the north and
Midlands - has been published, with proposals of up to 2,000 homes per scheme
although larger sites are being considered. Twenty large-scale housing zones
have already been proposed in London by Boris Johnson.

The first ten housing zones outside the capital will be chosen in the coming
weeks. Brandon Lewis, the housing minister, said they would share a £200 million
pot to help with infrastructure. All the schemes - a mix of social and market
housing - will be on brownfield sites. Some of the housing will be on public
land released by the closure of hospitals, schools and military sites.

Councils will ensure that planning permission is fast-tracked so that developers
can start clearing sites.

The builders will be entitled to loans from the fund to clean up the land and
start setting up infrastructure such as roads and utility lines. In some cases
developers may also get funds to build schools and community services.

However, many of the schemes are bound to attract opposition from local
residents who do not want housing estates on their doorsteps. Plans for
largescale eco-towns were heavily resisted under the last Labour government.

George Osborne said that a key part of the government's economic plan was to
build more homes. Housing experts claim that at least 250,000 extra homes are
needed each year to cope with demographic growth. In recent years less than half
that number has been built.

"I'm delighted to announce the areas shortlisted to become the first housing
zones in England, which as part of a wider package of measures will help deliver
up to 200,000 new homes on brownfield land," said the chancellor.

Officials said that most of the housing zones would be between 750 and 2,000
homes each, but larger schemes are not ruled out. Mr Lewis said: "The ten that
are finally chosen will have the chance to build homes for local communities
while continuing to protect the green belt."

Mr Osborne said last year that there was enough brownfield land for 200,000 new
homes by 2020. He has already announced proposals to ensure that 90 per cent of
this land has planning permission by 2020. Councils will be able to use local
development orders to set out the amount and type of housing that can be built
on the sites.

The Campaign to Protect Rural England welcomed the scheme but said that land was
continually being removed from green belt in local plans so that it could be
built upon at a later date. "Worthy brownfield projects should not hide the fact
that the green belt is still under threat in many areas," said Paul Miner, its
campaign manager.

The shortlisted councils are: Thurrock, Hertsmere, Guildford, Babergh and
Mid-Suffolk, West Lindsey, Dudley, Sandwell, Stoke, Derby, Gedling, Bassetlaw,
Wakefield, North East Lincolnshire, York, Barnsley, Gateshead, Sheffield,
Preston, Blackburn with Darwen, Wirral, Bristol, East Hampshire, North Somerset,
Tewkesbury, Sedgemoor, Poole, Bath and North Somerset, and Gloucester.

? The end of 2014 saw the slowest pace of house price growth in a year. The
average price of a home crept up by 7.8 per cent in the 12 months to December to
£188,858, according to the Halifax, whose index is based on its mortgage book.
House price growth peaked at 10.2 per cent in July and December's pace of annual
expansion was the slowest since last January. On a monthly basis it was 0.9 per
cent higher.

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TIM


                    Copyright 2015 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             626 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                           February 28, 2017 Tuesday

HOUSING SCHEME FOR SETTLERS' CHILDREN

BYLINE: T.N. Alagesh

SECTION: Pg. 29

LENGTH: 488 words


ROMPIN: SECOND-GENERATION Felda settlers facing housing problems in their
settlements can look forward to building homes under the "Planned Housing Site
for the Second Generation" scheme.

Â Felda chairman Tan Sri Shahrir Abdul Samad said under the scheme, Felda would
work with the Pahang government to identify lands in settlements that would be
developed for housing.

He said second-generation settlers shortlisted for the scheme could apply for
housing loans from Syarikat Perumahan Negara Bhd (SPNB) to build houses.

"The module is convenient and the site owner will have to bear the cost of the
construction (through SPNB loans). Felda will provide the basic facilities and
infrastructure, including roads, drains and playgrounds.

"Government agencies and the Rural and Regional Development Ministry can provide
the infrastructure.

"What is important is the Felda settlement has to provide a piece of land for
the housing scheme," he said after the groundbreaking ceremony for a similar
scheme in Felda Keratong 5 here yesterday.

Â Shahrir said since land in Felda settlements came under the jurisdiction of
the Land Group Settlement Area (GSA) Act 1960, it had to be measured and handed
back to the state government before work could start.Â

Under GSA, land owned by settlers cannot be leased or transferred to another
party, except with the written approval of state authorities.

He said the concept had received the nod from menteri besar of other states and
would be expanded to other settlements nationwide.

"During my meeting with several menteris besar, they agreed with the concept as
we have a similar project in Felda Tenggara in Johor. Felda wants a solution to
problems faced by second-generation settlers and I believe this is a suitable
concept.

"The project in Felda Keratong was discussed three weeks ago when I met the
assemblymen and members of parliament from Pahang in Kuantan. Rompin member of
parliament Datuk Seri Hasan Arifin shared the module and now we have a better
idea on how Felda can help," he said.

Shahrir said it was not easy to find a solution to address second-generation
settlers' housing problems, but with support from all parties, it could help
young settlers own homes.

Pahang Menteri Besar Datuk Seri Adnan Yaakob, who launched the groundbreaking
ceremony, said the project in Felda Keratong 5 displayed the strong commitment
between the state government and Felda to provide homes for second-generation
settlers.

"The state government will study the list of the second-generation settlers,
especially after Felda settlements submit their lists.

"I hope other government agencies will support the project so that it will not
face delays or setbacks," he said.

The project in Felda Keratong 5 involves 125 participants who are each provided
with a 464-sq m site for each house.Â

The scheme is tailored for the children of early settlers living with their
parents and who do not own houses.

( END )

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2017 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad
                              All Rights Reserved


                             627 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 Yorkshire Post

                                 March 27, 2004

Prescott goes round the houses

SOURCE: Yorkshire Post

LENGTH: 1090 words


JOHN PRESCOTT'S oft-quoted remark that the green belt is a Labour policy which
he "intends to build upon" may be apocryphal, but it has also become a
remarkably accurate summary of the Deputy Prime Minister's approach to housing
development in the countryside.

John Yates

It was not so long ago that Two-Homes-Two-Jags Prescott, the man who preaches
the importance of environmentally friendly, sustainable development, was talking
about the need to build new homes on so-called brownfield sites - a posh term
for land contaminated by industrial waste and pollution which no one wants to
build on and where no one wants to live.

But not any more. Leaned on by Gordon Brown - the man who writes the cheques for
New Labour - Mr Prescott has been persuaded that the green belt is the place to
put houses. And lots of them.

As many as 240,000 extra homes, over the next five years, if the latest
Government thinking is acted upon. This is double the amount of new houses
currently being built and would be the equivalent of constructing a city larger
than Manchester.

While much of this development will take place in the South-East, the powers
that Mr Prescott is assuming, and the devious methods he is using to by-pass
local objectors, portend ill for any chance of stopping similar schemes in parts
of Yorkshire and the North.

Quietly, almost unnoticed even, planning powers are being given to the shadowy,
unelected regional assemblies, many of which are dominated by New Labour's
placemen. The M11 corridor-city, for instance, has been pushed through by the
East of England Regional Assembly, which seems to jump at Mr Prescott's every
command. So much for devolution.

The Deputy Prime Minister, whose affection for rural England was best expressed
in his acid reaction to what he called the "contorted faces" of the countryside
protesters, is also cleverly trying to abolish the nation's ancient county
structure with the proposed referendums for urban-dominated, regional
parliaments. Already, new legislation is being framed to tie the old system of
county plans to what New Labour's spin doctors in Whitehall inelegantly call
"regional spacial strategies" and to restrict the power of county halls to
decide on key planning matters.

Though most of this development will fuel the already overheated economy of the
South, to the detriment of the brownfield sites in the North, Mr Prescott has
begun to show an alarming interest in what is being called by one fashionable
architect the "global city coast to coast": a rather wordy way of talking about
the M62 corridor from Hull to Liverpool.

Both Mr Prescott and Will Alsop, whose practice has found favour with New
Labour's development agencies, seem to envisage a long ribbon of housing and
commercial development along this corridor, rather than the Randstad
configuration of cities in the Netherlands with its openness and green spaces.
The result could be an urban jungle linked by a tarmac girdle stretching across
the country from east to west: a terrible thought.

For those who follow these things closely - and fortunately for Mr Prescott they
are a rare breed - subtle changes in planning guidance (a euphemism for central
government dictat) are now tilting the balance in favour of the developer and
away from those who would try to preserve something of the local character and
flavour of rural England.

And who can blame the farmer for seeing in this emerging free-for-all the chance
to turn unprofitable agricultural land into a development opportunity?

This Government has made no secret of its utter contempt for those who have
struggled to make a living off the land.

It lectures farmers endlessly on the need for diversity and enterprise; but how
cruel an irony if those who have for centuries been the custodians of the rural
environment were to be seduced by New Labour's misguided loosening of the
planning regulations into destroying the very thing their families, down the
generations, have held so dear.

And for what? Mr Prescott claims there is a dire housing crisis. And yet the
most recent census data shows that the population of England and Wales is some
900,000 lower than previously thought and that there is a surplus of dwellings
over the households.

Indeed, this surplus has actually increased over the last decade and across all
regions of England with the exception of London (where the balance is largely
unchanged).

The Government claims that the rise in house prices is proof of an excess of
demand over supply, but is this really the case?

Rising house prices are a global phenomenon and occur in countries such as the
United States and Australia where there are no restrictions on land supply.

Moreover, as new housing represents less than one per cent of the total housing
stock (or closer to 10 per cent of the traded housing market) it is hard to see
how it can exert a powerful influence on short-term fluctuations in price.

According to research carried out for the Council for the Protection of Rural
England, volatility in the housing market is brought about more by demand
factors (such as people's changing expectations of their future wage or
employment prospects) than supply-side factors.

What Kate Barker's recent Treasury-sponsored report demonstrates is that there
is perhaps a need for affordable housing for certain income groups or for
certain professions (say, teachers and nurses in the South of England).

But these problems are as much about incomes as they are about prices, and the
government (which prides itself on joined-up thinking) has set its face against
regional pay bargaining, thus making it less likely that the gap between pay and
house prices will narrow.

Instead, Mr Prescott has responded to this dilemma by offering certain groups of
workers interest free loans of up to six-figure sums to get them on the housing
ladder, which seems less a case of joined-up thinking than muddled thinking.

Relaxing planning constraints to allow more building on the green belt, as the
Government is suggesting, will do nothing to bring affordable housing to
teachers and nurses in the South- East where wages and price inflation make it
impossible to get on the ladder as first-time buyers.

But what does Mr Prescott care for the contorted faces of the country dwellers?
Whenever he sings Jerusalem at the end of a party conference, what the Deputy
Prime Minister sees is hypermarkets, caravan parks, and housing sprawl across
England's green and pleasant land.

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2004

                       Copyright 2004 Johnston Press Plc


                             628 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     High Point Enterprise (North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 2, 2013 Tuesday

Council approves revamped loan pool

BYLINE: Pat Kimbrough, The High Point Enterprise, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 488 words


April 02--HIGH POINT -- City officials have found a new use for a federal loan
pool that went untapped a few years ago when it was targeted for small business
development.

The City Council on Monday gave the OK to seek federal approval to allow the
city to use $3.9 million to fund improvements associated with multifamily
affordable housing initiatives.

The U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development has committed to loan the
city this amount. The city's initial plan was to combine the funds with $5.8
million put up by local banks for a small business loan initiative, which was
established in 2010.

None of the funds were ever loaned out, because none of the applicants to the
pool qualified.

If HUD approves the city's request, the money will instead be used to fund
infrastructure or acquire land associated with development projects. The first
recipient of a loan is slated to be Wynnefield Properties of Jamestown, which
plans to develop a 58-unit apartment complex off Samet Drive in north High
Point. If it gets the OK from HUD, the city will draw on $1.35 million of the
funds to loan to Wynnefield, which it will use to try to leverage tax credit
financing for the project.

The site is across the street from Admiral Pointe, a similar project the company
developed a few years ago.

The new development, Addington Ridge, would serve older residents and charge
rents of $210 to $650 for those earning 40 to 60 percent of the area median
income.

If the developer receives the loan, it would repay the city over 20 years, and
the city would, in turn use the funds to pay HUD back. The remaining $2.55
million in loan funds will be available for future projects.

Council members discussed whether the loans could be used in support of
restoring the former Kilby Hotel property on Washington Street, which was
designated unsafe and closed a few months ago.

The property's owner or someone on their behalf could be eligible for a loan if
they're deemed to be a qualified borrower and meet other conditions, officials
said.

Also Monday, council approved a resolution in support of maintaining the state
Parks and Recreation Trust Fund, which has provided $161 million in grants to
local governments over the past 19 years.

Gov. Pat McCrory's proposed budget would cut the fund by 44 percent this year
and eliminate the funding source for the program next year. High Point has
received two PARTF grants -- one for the original Washington Terrace Park
community building ($250,000) and the other for the Allen Jay Recreation Center
($500,000).

City officials have plans to apply for a PARTF grant to fund completion of High
Point's greenway trail by constructing a 1.1-mile stretch from University Park
on Deep River Road to the Piedmont Environmental Center on Penny Road.

___ (c)2013 The High Point Enterprise (High Point, N.C.) Visit The High Point
Enterprise (High Point, N.C.) at www.hpe.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130402-HP-Council-approves-revamped-loan-pool-0402-20130402

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HP


                      Copyright 2013 High Point Enterprise


                             629 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 6, 2014 Wednesday

Rural Utility Service: Supervisory Electronics Engineer DC-2014-0088

LENGTH: 2884  words

DATELINE: Washington


The United States Office of Personnel Management has issued the following job
announcement:

Job Title:Supervisory Electronics Engineer

Department:Department Of Agriculture

Agency:Rural Utility Service

Job Announcement Number:DC-2014-0088
SALARY RANGE:
 $106,263.00 to $138,136.00 / Per Year
OPEN PERIOD:
 Tuesday, August 5, 2014 to Thursday, August 14, 2014
SERIES & GRADE:
 GS-0855-14
POSITION INFORMATION:
 Full-Time - Permanent
PROMOTION POTENTIAL:
14
DUTY LOCATIONS:
 1 vacancy - District of Columbia, DC View Map
WHO MAY APPLY:
 Current permanent Rural Utilities Service (RUS) employees with competitive
status, and USDA CTAP eligibles.
SECURITY CLEARANCE:
 Q - Sensitive
SUPERVISORY STATUS:
 Yes
JOB SUMMARY:

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural Development Agency serves rural
communities throughout the country by investing in their communities through
housing and utility infrastructure, by increasing economic opportunity, and by
improving the quality of life for all rural Americans.  Rural Development
provides over 40 loan and grant programs in the Rural Housing and Community
Facilities Services, Rural Business and Cooperative Services, and Rural
Utilities Service. Rural Development supports a positive work environment and
promotes diversity and inclusion for nearly 5,000 employees.

Rural Development is a dynamic organization recruiting for employees who possess
the energy, compassion, and commitment to serve those in rural communities and
will enjoy working in a fast paced and results driven organization.  Our
commitment is to expand economic opportunity and quality of life in all of rural
America by providing financial programs to support essential public facilities
and services such as water and sewer systems, housing, health clinics, emergency
service facilities and electric and telephone service.  Rural Development offers
a friendly and professional working environment and such excellent benefits as:
a generous salary, alternative work schedules, paid vacation and sick leave,
paid holidays, retirement and supplemental savings plan, a wide array of health,
dental, vision, and life insurance plans, flexible spending accounts, and
long-term care insurance.

This position is located in the Southern Division, Engineering Branch,
Telecommunications.  The incumbent participates with the Division Director in
the development and modification of Division practices and procedures, and is
responsible for recommending specific actions in the engineering area which will
maximize program achievement at the lowest possible costs.

This announcement may be used to fill additional vacancies that are identified
by the organization.
TRAVEL REQUIRED

Not Required

RELOCATION AUTHORIZED

No

KEY REQUIREMENTS

US Citizenship is required.
    Selective Service Registration is required for males born after 12/31/1959.
    OGE Form 450 is required.
    One year supervisory probationary period may be required.

DUTIES:
Back to top

Directs and coordinates the engineering functions of the telecommunications
program for an assigned geographic area, involving administration of the
engineering and constructions phases of rural telecommunications systems and
facilities.
    Coordinates the activities of borrowers, borrowers' engineers, contractors
and manufacturers engaged in engineering and constructions activities.
    Provides advice and assistance to borrowers concerning design, construction,
technical operation, and maintenance of rural telecommunications systems and
facilities.
    Provides technical policy guidance, necessary direction and coordination to
the Division's General Field Representatives (GFRs) on work pertaining to the
engineering and construction phases of the telecommunications program.
    Directs and coordinates the implementation of the Distance Learning and
Telemedicine (DLT) program upon release of funds.
    Approves the advance of loan and grant funds to borrowers and grantees;
processing and approving final inventories of completed construction.
    Provides continuing administrative and technical supervision to a
headquarters staff engaged in substantive professional and technical duties and
responsibilities.

QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED:
Back to top

Applicants must provide documentation (such as a transcript, professional
registration, Engineer-In-Training certificate, etc.) to show they meet the
Basic Requirements, either Option A or Option B for this position. Failure to
provide documentation may result in loss of consideration for this position:

A. Degree: professional engineering. To be acceptable, the curriculum must: (1)
be in a school of engineering with at least one curriculum accredited by the
Accreditation Board for Engineering and Technology (ABET) as a professional
engineering curriculum; or (2) include differential and integral calculus and
courses (more advanced than first-year physics and chemistry) in five of the
following seven areas of engineering science or physics: (a) statics, dynamics;
(b) strength of materials (stress-strain relationships); (c) fluid mechanics,
hydraulics; (d) thermodynamics; (e) electrical fields and circuits; (f) nature
and properties of materials (relating particle and aggregate structure to
properties); and (g) any other comparable area of fundamental engineering
science or physics, such as optics, heat transfer, soil mechanics, or
electronics.

OR

B. Combination of education and experience: College-level education and
technical experience. (NOTE: Due to the length of the qualification standard for
this position, the following is a summary of the GS-0800 Qualification
Standards. Although this section is summarized, you must meet all qualification
requirements as stated in the OPM Qualification Standards. To review the entire
qualification standard please click on: All Professional Engineering Positions,
0800 The adequacy of such background must be demonstrated by one of the
following: 1. Professional registration; 2. Written test - Engineer-In-Training
(EIT) examination and have completed degree requirements as stated on website;
3. Specified academic courses (see list at OPM website above); or 4. Related
curriculum with appropriate experience (see OPM website above).

In addition to meeting the basic requirements, applicants must meet the
following:

For the GS-14 level: Applicants must have 1 year of specialized experience
equivalent to at least the GS-13; or its non-Federal equivalent that
demonstrates: providing advice on technical matters related to engineering and
construction functions such as system design, preparation of plans and
specifications, supervision and inspection of construction and technical
operation and maintenance matters including technical audits; experience
examining loan applications developed by borrowers in support of the engineering
and construction functions; experience leading or supervising technical
personnel. There is no education substitution for this grade level. Note: To be
considered for this position, you must meet all qualification and eligibility
requirements for the GS-0855 series set forth in the Office of Personnel
Management Qualifications Standards by the closing date of the announcement. A
copy is available at: http://www.opm.gov/qualifications/index.asp.


To view qualifying education requirements and/or combination of education and
specialized experience click on the following link:
http://www.opm.gov/qualifications/Standards/group-stds/gs-prof.asp

AND
Click on the following link to view occupational requirements for this position:

http://www.opm.gov/qualifications/Standards/IORs/gs0800/0800.htm

o  Applicants must have, or be able to obtain within a reasonable time
consistent with designated state(s)' testing/licensing procedures, registration
as a Professional Engineer. Application must contain sufficient information to
ascertain the possession of such registration or ability to obtain registration
within a reasonable period of time.
o  Subject to satisfactory completion of a one year supervisory/managerial
probationary period
o  CONFIDENTIAL FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE REPORT: If selected, you will be required
to submit Form OGE-450 within 30 days of your initial appointment date, and
annually thereafter. Selectee is subject to financial Disclosure Requirements in
accordance with 5 CFR, Part 2635, Sub part E regarding business or personal
transactions with applicants, borrowers, or business contacts who have or who
are seeking business with this Agency. Selectee must be able to obtain and
maintain a security clearance. If selected you will be subject to a National
Agency Check and Inquiry (NACI) and a credit report.
HOW YOU WILL BE EVALUATED:

You will be evaluated based on your qualifications for this position as
evidenced by the education, experience, and training you described in your
application package, as well as the responses to the Occupational Questionnaire
to determine the degree to which you possess the knowledge, skills, abilities
and competencies listed below:

Telecommunications Systems Design, Installation and/or Construction
        Project Management
        Assess Technical Studies
        Oral Communication
        Written Communication
        Supervision

We will review your application, including the on-line Occupational
Questionnaire, to ensure you meet the job requirements and assess your ability
to perform this job. Before any certificate can be issued to the selecting
official, the resume and supporting documents are reviewed by an HR Specialist
to ensure that (a) minimum qualification requirements are met and (b) the resume
supports the answers provided to the job-specific questions. Your answers will
be verified against information provided in your on-line resume and application.
Be sure that your resume clearly supports your responses to all the questions
addressing experience and education relevant to this position.
    Applicants who meet the basic minimum qualification requirements and are
determined to be among the best qualified candidates will be referred to the
hiring manager for consideration. Non-Competitive candidates need to meet
minimum qualification requirements to be referred.

Note: If, after reviewing your resume and/or supporting documentation, a
determination is made that you have inflated your qualifications and or
experience, your score can/will be lowered to more accurately reflect the
submitted documentation. Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or
omissions may affect your rating. Deliberate attempts to falsify information may
be grounds for not selecting you.

To view the application form, visit:
https://rus.usda.ntis.gov/cp/?event=jobs.previewApplication&jobid=e59a5059-a00a-
40d8-a3e7-a36f00982071

BENEFITS:
Back to top

You can review our benefits at:
http://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/healthcare/enrollment/new-federal-employ
ee-enrollment/


OTHER INFORMATION:
o  BACKGROUND INVESTIGATION AND FINGERPRINT CHECK:  Selection and retention in
this position is contingent on a successfully adjudicated FBI National Criminal
History Check (fingerprint check) and a background investigation.
o  Career Transition Assistance Plan(CTAP) or Interagency Career Transition
Assistance Plan (ICTAP):   If you are claiming CTAP eligibility, provide proof
of eligibility to include your most recent performance appraisal, SF-50, and
proof of eligibility such as a RIF separation notice or letter from OPM/your
agency.  CTAP eligibles will be considered well-qualified if achieving a rating
of 85 or above.  Information about CTAP/ICTAP eligibility is on OPM's Career
Transition Resources website at http://www.opm.gov/ctap/index.asp.
o  This position is eligible for telework and other flexible work arrangements.
Employee participation is at the discretion of the supervisor.
o  Persons with disabilities who require alternative means for communication of
program information (Braille, large print, audiotape, etc) should contact:
USDA's TARGET Center at 202-720-2600 (voice and TDD).
HOW TO APPLY:
Back to top

Please read the entire announcement and all the instructions before you begin.
The following instructions outline our application process.

You must complete this application process and submit all required documents
electronically by 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time (ET) on the closing date of this
announcement.
    We are available to assist you during business hours normally (8:00 a.m. -
4:00 p.m., Monday - Friday). Applying online is highly encouraged. If applying
online poses a hardship, please contact our office during business hours well
before the closing date for an alternate method. All hardship application
packages with supporting documents must be submitted no later than noon on the
closing date of the announcement in order to be entered into the system prior to
its closing.
    This agency provides reasonable accommodation to applicants with
disabilities on a case-by-case basis; contact us if you are requesting this.

Step 1: Create a USAJOBS account (if you do not have one) at www.usajobs.gov. It
is recommended that as part of your profile you set up automatic email
notification to be informed when the status of your application changes. If you
choose not to set up this automatic notification, then you will have to log into
your USAJOBS account to check on the status of your application.


Step 2: Create a resume with USAJOBS or upload a resume into your USAJOBS
account. Customize your resume to ensure it documents duties and accomplishments
you have gained that are directly related to this position in order to verify
that qualifications are met. Your resume must support your responses to the
online questionnaire (you may preview the online questionnaire by clicking on
the link at the end of the How You Will Be Evaluated section of the job
announcement).

Step 3: Click "Apply Online" and follow the prompts to complete the Occupational
Questionnaire and attach any additional documents that may be required.
You can update your application or documents anytime while the announcement is
open. Log into your USAJOBS account and click on "Application Status." Click on
the position title, and then select "Update Application" to continue.
NOTE: Verify that uploaded documents from USAJOBs transfer into the Agency's
staffing system. Once in the Agency's staffing system you will have the
opportunity to upload additional documents. Uploaded documents must be less than
3MB and in one of the following document formats: GIF, JPG, JPEG, PNG, RTF, PDF,
or Word (DOC or DOCX).


REQUIRED DOCUMENTS:

A complete Application Package must be submitted and received prior to 11:59,
ET, on the closing date. The following documents are required for your
application package to be complete. Our office cannot be responsible for
incompatible software, illegible fax transmissions, delays in the mail service,
your system failure or downtime, etc. Failure to submit required, legible
documents may result in loss of consideration.

Resume that includes the following information: 1) personal information; 2)
education; 3) work experience including the work schedule and hours worked per
week as well as dates of employment; and title, series and grade if applicable;
4) supervisor's phone number and e-mail address for each work period listed and
whether or not we may contact them for reference checks; and, 5) other
qualifications.

Other required documents as applicable:

Current Career/Career-Conditional: Most recent non-award Notification of
Personnel Action (SF-50 or equivalent) showing that you are/were in the
competitive service, highest grade (or promotion potential) held on a permanent
basis, federal status, position title, series and grade AND most recently
completed performance appraisal (dated within 18 months) showing the official
rating of record, signed by the supervisor, or a statement as to why the
performance appraisal is unavailable. Do not submit a performance plan.
    CTAP: Certification of Expected Separation, Reduction-In-Force Separation
Notice, Notice of Proposed Removal, or appropriate OPM/Agency certification; AND
most recent performance evaluation; AND SF-50 demonstrating your separation or
the position from which you will be separated.

AGENCY CONTACT INFO:
Sheran Littlejohn
Phone: 202-692-0186
Fax: 202-692-0182
Email: sheran.littlejohn@wdc.usda.gov
Agency Information:
USDA/RD/RUS
1400 Independence Ave., S.W.
Washington, DC,
20250
United States
Fax: 202-692-0182
WHAT TO EXPECT NEXT:
If you set up your USAJOBS account to send automatic email notifications, you
will receive an email acknowledging: 1) the submission of your online
Occupational Questionnaire and resume was successful,  2) if you were referred
to the selecting official for consideration, and  3) if you were selected or not
selected. If you choose not to set up automatic email notifications, you must
check your USAJOBS account for the latest status of your application. Your
application may be reviewed to verify that you meet the qualifications and
eligibility requirements for the position prior to issuing lists to a selecting
official. If further evaluation or interviews are required, you will be
contacted. Normally, a final job offer to the selected candidate is made within
30-60 days after the issuance of the certificate.

For more information please visit: https://www.usajobs.gov

LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             630 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 6, 2014 Wednesday

Rural Utility Service: Supervisory Electronics Engineer DC-2014-0088

LENGTH: 2884  words

DATELINE: Washington


The United States Office of Personnel Management has issued the following job
announcement:

Job Title:Supervisory Electronics Engineer

Department:Department Of Agriculture

Agency:Rural Utility Service

Job Announcement Number:DC-2014-0088
SALARY RANGE:
 $106,263.00 to $138,136.00 / Per Year
OPEN PERIOD:
 Tuesday, August 5, 2014 to Thursday, August 14, 2014
SERIES & GRADE:
 GS-0855-14
POSITION INFORMATION:
 Full-Time - Permanent
PROMOTION POTENTIAL:
14
DUTY LOCATIONS:
 1 vacancy - District of Columbia, DC View Map
WHO MAY APPLY:
 Current permanent Rural Utilities Service (RUS) employees with competitive
status, and USDA CTAP eligibles.
SECURITY CLEARANCE:
 Q - Sensitive
SUPERVISORY STATUS:
 Yes
JOB SUMMARY:

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural Development Agency serves rural
communities throughout the country by investing in their communities through
housing and utility infrastructure, by increasing economic opportunity, and by
improving the quality of life for all rural Americans.  Rural Development
provides over 40 loan and grant programs in the Rural Housing and Community
Facilities Services, Rural Business and Cooperative Services, and Rural
Utilities Service. Rural Development supports a positive work environment and
promotes diversity and inclusion for nearly 5,000 employees.

Rural Development is a dynamic organization recruiting for employees who possess
the energy, compassion, and commitment to serve those in rural communities and
will enjoy working in a fast paced and results driven organization.  Our
commitment is to expand economic opportunity and quality of life in all of rural
America by providing financial programs to support essential public facilities
and services such as water and sewer systems, housing, health clinics, emergency
service facilities and electric and telephone service.  Rural Development offers
a friendly and professional working environment and such excellent benefits as:
a generous salary, alternative work schedules, paid vacation and sick leave,
paid holidays, retirement and supplemental savings plan, a wide array of health,
dental, vision, and life insurance plans, flexible spending accounts, and
long-term care insurance.

This position is located in the Southern Division, Engineering Branch,
Telecommunications.  The incumbent participates with the Division Director in
the development and modification of Division practices and procedures, and is
responsible for recommending specific actions in the engineering area which will
maximize program achievement at the lowest possible costs.

This announcement may be used to fill additional vacancies that are identified
by the organization.
TRAVEL REQUIRED

Not Required

RELOCATION AUTHORIZED

No

KEY REQUIREMENTS

US Citizenship is required.
    Selective Service Registration is required for males born after 12/31/1959.
    OGE Form 450 is required.
    One year supervisory probationary period may be required.

DUTIES:
Back to top

Directs and coordinates the engineering functions of the telecommunications
program for an assigned geographic area, involving administration of the
engineering and constructions phases of rural telecommunications systems and
facilities.
    Coordinates the activities of borrowers, borrowers' engineers, contractors
and manufacturers engaged in engineering and constructions activities.
    Provides advice and assistance to borrowers concerning design, construction,
technical operation, and maintenance of rural telecommunications systems and
facilities.
    Provides technical policy guidance, necessary direction and coordination to
the Division's General Field Representatives (GFRs) on work pertaining to the
engineering and construction phases of the telecommunications program.
    Directs and coordinates the implementation of the Distance Learning and
Telemedicine (DLT) program upon release of funds.
    Approves the advance of loan and grant funds to borrowers and grantees;
processing and approving final inventories of completed construction.
    Provides continuing administrative and technical supervision to a
headquarters staff engaged in substantive professional and technical duties and
responsibilities.

QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED:
Back to top

Applicants must provide documentation (such as a transcript, professional
registration, Engineer-In-Training certificate, etc.) to show they meet the
Basic Requirements, either Option A or Option B for this position. Failure to
provide documentation may result in loss of consideration for this position:

A. Degree: professional engineering. To be acceptable, the curriculum must: (1)
be in a school of engineering with at least one curriculum accredited by the
Accreditation Board for Engineering and Technology (ABET) as a professional
engineering curriculum; or (2) include differential and integral calculus and
courses (more advanced than first-year physics and chemistry) in five of the
following seven areas of engineering science or physics: (a) statics, dynamics;
(b) strength of materials (stress-strain relationships); (c) fluid mechanics,
hydraulics; (d) thermodynamics; (e) electrical fields and circuits; (f) nature
and properties of materials (relating particle and aggregate structure to
properties); and (g) any other comparable area of fundamental engineering
science or physics, such as optics, heat transfer, soil mechanics, or
electronics.

OR

B. Combination of education and experience: College-level education and
technical experience. (NOTE: Due to the length of the qualification standard for
this position, the following is a summary of the GS-0800 Qualification
Standards. Although this section is summarized, you must meet all qualification
requirements as stated in the OPM Qualification Standards. To review the entire
qualification standard please click on: All Professional Engineering Positions,
0800 The adequacy of such background must be demonstrated by one of the
following: 1. Professional registration; 2. Written test - Engineer-In-Training
(EIT) examination and have completed degree requirements as stated on website;
3. Specified academic courses (see list at OPM website above); or 4. Related
curriculum with appropriate experience (see OPM website above).

In addition to meeting the basic requirements, applicants must meet the
following:

For the GS-14 level: Applicants must have 1 year of specialized experience
equivalent to at least the GS-13; or its non-Federal equivalent that
demonstrates: providing advice on technical matters related to engineering and
construction functions such as system design, preparation of plans and
specifications, supervision and inspection of construction and technical
operation and maintenance matters including technical audits; experience
examining loan applications developed by borrowers in support of the engineering
and construction functions; experience leading or supervising technical
personnel. There is no education substitution for this grade level. Note: To be
considered for this position, you must meet all qualification and eligibility
requirements for the GS-0855 series set forth in the Office of Personnel
Management Qualifications Standards by the closing date of the announcement. A
copy is available at: http://www.opm.gov/qualifications/index.asp.


To view qualifying education requirements and/or combination of education and
specialized experience click on the following link:
http://www.opm.gov/qualifications/Standards/group-stds/gs-prof.asp

AND
Click on the following link to view occupational requirements for this position:

http://www.opm.gov/qualifications/Standards/IORs/gs0800/0800.htm

o  Applicants must have, or be able to obtain within a reasonable time
consistent with designated state(s)' testing/licensing procedures, registration
as a Professional Engineer. Application must contain sufficient information to
ascertain the possession of such registration or ability to obtain registration
within a reasonable period of time.
o  Subject to satisfactory completion of a one year supervisory/managerial
probationary period
o  CONFIDENTIAL FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE REPORT: If selected, you will be required
to submit Form OGE-450 within 30 days of your initial appointment date, and
annually thereafter. Selectee is subject to financial Disclosure Requirements in
accordance with 5 CFR, Part 2635, Sub part E regarding business or personal
transactions with applicants, borrowers, or business contacts who have or who
are seeking business with this Agency. Selectee must be able to obtain and
maintain a security clearance. If selected you will be subject to a National
Agency Check and Inquiry (NACI) and a credit report.
HOW YOU WILL BE EVALUATED:

You will be evaluated based on your qualifications for this position as
evidenced by the education, experience, and training you described in your
application package, as well as the responses to the Occupational Questionnaire
to determine the degree to which you possess the knowledge, skills, abilities
and competencies listed below:

Telecommunications Systems Design, Installation and/or Construction
        Project Management
        Assess Technical Studies
        Oral Communication
        Written Communication
        Supervision

We will review your application, including the on-line Occupational
Questionnaire, to ensure you meet the job requirements and assess your ability
to perform this job. Before any certificate can be issued to the selecting
official, the resume and supporting documents are reviewed by an HR Specialist
to ensure that (a) minimum qualification requirements are met and (b) the resume
supports the answers provided to the job-specific questions. Your answers will
be verified against information provided in your on-line resume and application.
Be sure that your resume clearly supports your responses to all the questions
addressing experience and education relevant to this position.
    Applicants who meet the basic minimum qualification requirements and are
determined to be among the best qualified candidates will be referred to the
hiring manager for consideration. Non-Competitive candidates need to meet
minimum qualification requirements to be referred.

Note: If, after reviewing your resume and/or supporting documentation, a
determination is made that you have inflated your qualifications and or
experience, your score can/will be lowered to more accurately reflect the
submitted documentation. Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or
omissions may affect your rating. Deliberate attempts to falsify information may
be grounds for not selecting you.

To view the application form, visit:
https://rus.usda.ntis.gov/cp/?event=jobs.previewApplication&jobid=e59a5059-a00a-
40d8-a3e7-a36f00982071

BENEFITS:
Back to top

You can review our benefits at:
http://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/healthcare/enrollment/new-federal-employ
ee-enrollment/


OTHER INFORMATION:
o  BACKGROUND INVESTIGATION AND FINGERPRINT CHECK:  Selection and retention in
this position is contingent on a successfully adjudicated FBI National Criminal
History Check (fingerprint check) and a background investigation.
o  Career Transition Assistance Plan(CTAP) or Interagency Career Transition
Assistance Plan (ICTAP):   If you are claiming CTAP eligibility, provide proof
of eligibility to include your most recent performance appraisal, SF-50, and
proof of eligibility such as a RIF separation notice or letter from OPM/your
agency.  CTAP eligibles will be considered well-qualified if achieving a rating
of 85 or above.  Information about CTAP/ICTAP eligibility is on OPM's Career
Transition Resources website at http://www.opm.gov/ctap/index.asp.
o  This position is eligible for telework and other flexible work arrangements.
Employee participation is at the discretion of the supervisor.
o  Persons with disabilities who require alternative means for communication of
program information (Braille, large print, audiotape, etc) should contact:
USDA's TARGET Center at 202-720-2600 (voice and TDD).
HOW TO APPLY:
Back to top

Please read the entire announcement and all the instructions before you begin.
The following instructions outline our application process.

You must complete this application process and submit all required documents
electronically by 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time (ET) on the closing date of this
announcement.
    We are available to assist you during business hours normally (8:00 a.m. -
4:00 p.m., Monday - Friday). Applying online is highly encouraged. If applying
online poses a hardship, please contact our office during business hours well
before the closing date for an alternate method. All hardship application
packages with supporting documents must be submitted no later than noon on the
closing date of the announcement in order to be entered into the system prior to
its closing.
    This agency provides reasonable accommodation to applicants with
disabilities on a case-by-case basis; contact us if you are requesting this.

Step 1: Create a USAJOBS account (if you do not have one) at www.usajobs.gov. It
is recommended that as part of your profile you set up automatic email
notification to be informed when the status of your application changes. If you
choose not to set up this automatic notification, then you will have to log into
your USAJOBS account to check on the status of your application.


Step 2: Create a resume with USAJOBS or upload a resume into your USAJOBS
account. Customize your resume to ensure it documents duties and accomplishments
you have gained that are directly related to this position in order to verify
that qualifications are met. Your resume must support your responses to the
online questionnaire (you may preview the online questionnaire by clicking on
the link at the end of the How You Will Be Evaluated section of the job
announcement).

Step 3: Click "Apply Online" and follow the prompts to complete the Occupational
Questionnaire and attach any additional documents that may be required.
You can update your application or documents anytime while the announcement is
open. Log into your USAJOBS account and click on "Application Status." Click on
the position title, and then select "Update Application" to continue.
NOTE: Verify that uploaded documents from USAJOBs transfer into the Agency's
staffing system. Once in the Agency's staffing system you will have the
opportunity to upload additional documents. Uploaded documents must be less than
3MB and in one of the following document formats: GIF, JPG, JPEG, PNG, RTF, PDF,
or Word (DOC or DOCX).


REQUIRED DOCUMENTS:

A complete Application Package must be submitted and received prior to 11:59,
ET, on the closing date. The following documents are required for your
application package to be complete. Our office cannot be responsible for
incompatible software, illegible fax transmissions, delays in the mail service,
your system failure or downtime, etc. Failure to submit required, legible
documents may result in loss of consideration.

Resume that includes the following information: 1) personal information; 2)
education; 3) work experience including the work schedule and hours worked per
week as well as dates of employment; and title, series and grade if applicable;
4) supervisor's phone number and e-mail address for each work period listed and
whether or not we may contact them for reference checks; and, 5) other
qualifications.

Other required documents as applicable:

Current Career/Career-Conditional: Most recent non-award Notification of
Personnel Action (SF-50 or equivalent) showing that you are/were in the
competitive service, highest grade (or promotion potential) held on a permanent
basis, federal status, position title, series and grade AND most recently
completed performance appraisal (dated within 18 months) showing the official
rating of record, signed by the supervisor, or a statement as to why the
performance appraisal is unavailable. Do not submit a performance plan.
    CTAP: Certification of Expected Separation, Reduction-In-Force Separation
Notice, Notice of Proposed Removal, or appropriate OPM/Agency certification; AND
most recent performance evaluation; AND SF-50 demonstrating your separation or
the position from which you will be separated.

AGENCY CONTACT INFO:
Sheran Littlejohn
Phone: 202-692-0186
Fax: 202-692-0182
Email: sheran.littlejohn@wdc.usda.gov
Agency Information:
USDA/RD/RUS
1400 Independence Ave., S.W.
Washington, DC,
20250
United States
Fax: 202-692-0182
WHAT TO EXPECT NEXT:
If you set up your USAJOBS account to send automatic email notifications, you
will receive an email acknowledging: 1) the submission of your online
Occupational Questionnaire and resume was successful,  2) if you were referred
to the selecting official for consideration, and  3) if you were selected or not
selected. If you choose not to set up automatic email notifications, you must
check your USAJOBS account for the latest status of your application. Your
application may be reviewed to verify that you meet the qualifications and
eligibility requirements for the position prior to issuing lists to a selecting
official. If further evaluation or interviews are required, you will be
contacted. Normally, a final job offer to the selected candidate is made within
30-60 days after the issuance of the certificate.

For more information please visit: https://www.usajobs.gov

LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             631 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 6, 2014 Wednesday

Rural Utility Service: Supervisory Electronics Engineer DC-2014-0088

LENGTH: 2884  words

DATELINE: Washington


The United States Office of Personnel Management has issued the following job
announcement:

Job Title:Supervisory Electronics Engineer

Department:Department Of Agriculture

Agency:Rural Utility Service

Job Announcement Number:DC-2014-0088
SALARY RANGE:
 $106,263.00 to $138,136.00 / Per Year
OPEN PERIOD:
 Tuesday, August 5, 2014 to Thursday, August 14, 2014
SERIES & GRADE:
 GS-0855-14
POSITION INFORMATION:
 Full-Time - Permanent
PROMOTION POTENTIAL:
14
DUTY LOCATIONS:
 1 vacancy - District of Columbia, DC View Map
WHO MAY APPLY:
 Current permanent Rural Utilities Service (RUS) employees with competitive
status, and USDA CTAP eligibles.
SECURITY CLEARANCE:
 Q - Sensitive
SUPERVISORY STATUS:
 Yes
JOB SUMMARY:

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural Development Agency serves rural
communities throughout the country by investing in their communities through
housing and utility infrastructure, by increasing economic opportunity, and by
improving the quality of life for all rural Americans.  Rural Development
provides over 40 loan and grant programs in the Rural Housing and Community
Facilities Services, Rural Business and Cooperative Services, and Rural
Utilities Service. Rural Development supports a positive work environment and
promotes diversity and inclusion for nearly 5,000 employees.

Rural Development is a dynamic organization recruiting for employees who possess
the energy, compassion, and commitment to serve those in rural communities and
will enjoy working in a fast paced and results driven organization.  Our
commitment is to expand economic opportunity and quality of life in all of rural
America by providing financial programs to support essential public facilities
and services such as water and sewer systems, housing, health clinics, emergency
service facilities and electric and telephone service.  Rural Development offers
a friendly and professional working environment and such excellent benefits as:
a generous salary, alternative work schedules, paid vacation and sick leave,
paid holidays, retirement and supplemental savings plan, a wide array of health,
dental, vision, and life insurance plans, flexible spending accounts, and
long-term care insurance.

This position is located in the Southern Division, Engineering Branch,
Telecommunications.  The incumbent participates with the Division Director in
the development and modification of Division practices and procedures, and is
responsible for recommending specific actions in the engineering area which will
maximize program achievement at the lowest possible costs.

This announcement may be used to fill additional vacancies that are identified
by the organization.
TRAVEL REQUIRED

Not Required

RELOCATION AUTHORIZED

No

KEY REQUIREMENTS

US Citizenship is required.
    Selective Service Registration is required for males born after 12/31/1959.
    OGE Form 450 is required.
    One year supervisory probationary period may be required.

DUTIES:
Back to top

Directs and coordinates the engineering functions of the telecommunications
program for an assigned geographic area, involving administration of the
engineering and constructions phases of rural telecommunications systems and
facilities.
    Coordinates the activities of borrowers, borrowers' engineers, contractors
and manufacturers engaged in engineering and constructions activities.
    Provides advice and assistance to borrowers concerning design, construction,
technical operation, and maintenance of rural telecommunications systems and
facilities.
    Provides technical policy guidance, necessary direction and coordination to
the Division's General Field Representatives (GFRs) on work pertaining to the
engineering and construction phases of the telecommunications program.
    Directs and coordinates the implementation of the Distance Learning and
Telemedicine (DLT) program upon release of funds.
    Approves the advance of loan and grant funds to borrowers and grantees;
processing and approving final inventories of completed construction.
    Provides continuing administrative and technical supervision to a
headquarters staff engaged in substantive professional and technical duties and
responsibilities.

QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED:
Back to top

Applicants must provide documentation (such as a transcript, professional
registration, Engineer-In-Training certificate, etc.) to show they meet the
Basic Requirements, either Option A or Option B for this position. Failure to
provide documentation may result in loss of consideration for this position:

A. Degree: professional engineering. To be acceptable, the curriculum must: (1)
be in a school of engineering with at least one curriculum accredited by the
Accreditation Board for Engineering and Technology (ABET) as a professional
engineering curriculum; or (2) include differential and integral calculus and
courses (more advanced than first-year physics and chemistry) in five of the
following seven areas of engineering science or physics: (a) statics, dynamics;
(b) strength of materials (stress-strain relationships); (c) fluid mechanics,
hydraulics; (d) thermodynamics; (e) electrical fields and circuits; (f) nature
and properties of materials (relating particle and aggregate structure to
properties); and (g) any other comparable area of fundamental engineering
science or physics, such as optics, heat transfer, soil mechanics, or
electronics.

OR

B. Combination of education and experience: College-level education and
technical experience. (NOTE: Due to the length of the qualification standard for
this position, the following is a summary of the GS-0800 Qualification
Standards. Although this section is summarized, you must meet all qualification
requirements as stated in the OPM Qualification Standards. To review the entire
qualification standard please click on: All Professional Engineering Positions,
0800 The adequacy of such background must be demonstrated by one of the
following: 1. Professional registration; 2. Written test - Engineer-In-Training
(EIT) examination and have completed degree requirements as stated on website;
3. Specified academic courses (see list at OPM website above); or 4. Related
curriculum with appropriate experience (see OPM website above).

In addition to meeting the basic requirements, applicants must meet the
following:

For the GS-14 level: Applicants must have 1 year of specialized experience
equivalent to at least the GS-13; or its non-Federal equivalent that
demonstrates: providing advice on technical matters related to engineering and
construction functions such as system design, preparation of plans and
specifications, supervision and inspection of construction and technical
operation and maintenance matters including technical audits; experience
examining loan applications developed by borrowers in support of the engineering
and construction functions; experience leading or supervising technical
personnel. There is no education substitution for this grade level. Note: To be
considered for this position, you must meet all qualification and eligibility
requirements for the GS-0855 series set forth in the Office of Personnel
Management Qualifications Standards by the closing date of the announcement. A
copy is available at: http://www.opm.gov/qualifications/index.asp.


To view qualifying education requirements and/or combination of education and
specialized experience click on the following link:
http://www.opm.gov/qualifications/Standards/group-stds/gs-prof.asp

AND
Click on the following link to view occupational requirements for this position:

http://www.opm.gov/qualifications/Standards/IORs/gs0800/0800.htm

o  Applicants must have, or be able to obtain within a reasonable time
consistent with designated state(s)' testing/licensing procedures, registration
as a Professional Engineer. Application must contain sufficient information to
ascertain the possession of such registration or ability to obtain registration
within a reasonable period of time.
o  Subject to satisfactory completion of a one year supervisory/managerial
probationary period
o  CONFIDENTIAL FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE REPORT: If selected, you will be required
to submit Form OGE-450 within 30 days of your initial appointment date, and
annually thereafter. Selectee is subject to financial Disclosure Requirements in
accordance with 5 CFR, Part 2635, Sub part E regarding business or personal
transactions with applicants, borrowers, or business contacts who have or who
are seeking business with this Agency. Selectee must be able to obtain and
maintain a security clearance. If selected you will be subject to a National
Agency Check and Inquiry (NACI) and a credit report.
HOW YOU WILL BE EVALUATED:

You will be evaluated based on your qualifications for this position as
evidenced by the education, experience, and training you described in your
application package, as well as the responses to the Occupational Questionnaire
to determine the degree to which you possess the knowledge, skills, abilities
and competencies listed below:

Telecommunications Systems Design, Installation and/or Construction
        Project Management
        Assess Technical Studies
        Oral Communication
        Written Communication
        Supervision

We will review your application, including the on-line Occupational
Questionnaire, to ensure you meet the job requirements and assess your ability
to perform this job. Before any certificate can be issued to the selecting
official, the resume and supporting documents are reviewed by an HR Specialist
to ensure that (a) minimum qualification requirements are met and (b) the resume
supports the answers provided to the job-specific questions. Your answers will
be verified against information provided in your on-line resume and application.
Be sure that your resume clearly supports your responses to all the questions
addressing experience and education relevant to this position.
    Applicants who meet the basic minimum qualification requirements and are
determined to be among the best qualified candidates will be referred to the
hiring manager for consideration. Non-Competitive candidates need to meet
minimum qualification requirements to be referred.

Note: If, after reviewing your resume and/or supporting documentation, a
determination is made that you have inflated your qualifications and or
experience, your score can/will be lowered to more accurately reflect the
submitted documentation. Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or
omissions may affect your rating. Deliberate attempts to falsify information may
be grounds for not selecting you.

To view the application form, visit:
https://rus.usda.ntis.gov/cp/?event=jobs.previewApplication&jobid=e59a5059-a00a-
40d8-a3e7-a36f00982071

BENEFITS:
Back to top

You can review our benefits at:
http://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/healthcare/enrollment/new-federal-employ
ee-enrollment/


OTHER INFORMATION:
o  BACKGROUND INVESTIGATION AND FINGERPRINT CHECK:  Selection and retention in
this position is contingent on a successfully adjudicated FBI National Criminal
History Check (fingerprint check) and a background investigation.
o  Career Transition Assistance Plan(CTAP) or Interagency Career Transition
Assistance Plan (ICTAP):   If you are claiming CTAP eligibility, provide proof
of eligibility to include your most recent performance appraisal, SF-50, and
proof of eligibility such as a RIF separation notice or letter from OPM/your
agency.  CTAP eligibles will be considered well-qualified if achieving a rating
of 85 or above.  Information about CTAP/ICTAP eligibility is on OPM's Career
Transition Resources website at http://www.opm.gov/ctap/index.asp.
o  This position is eligible for telework and other flexible work arrangements.
Employee participation is at the discretion of the supervisor.
o  Persons with disabilities who require alternative means for communication of
program information (Braille, large print, audiotape, etc) should contact:
USDA's TARGET Center at 202-720-2600 (voice and TDD).
HOW TO APPLY:
Back to top

Please read the entire announcement and all the instructions before you begin.
The following instructions outline our application process.

You must complete this application process and submit all required documents
electronically by 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time (ET) on the closing date of this
announcement.
    We are available to assist you during business hours normally (8:00 a.m. -
4:00 p.m., Monday - Friday). Applying online is highly encouraged. If applying
online poses a hardship, please contact our office during business hours well
before the closing date for an alternate method. All hardship application
packages with supporting documents must be submitted no later than noon on the
closing date of the announcement in order to be entered into the system prior to
its closing.
    This agency provides reasonable accommodation to applicants with
disabilities on a case-by-case basis; contact us if you are requesting this.

Step 1: Create a USAJOBS account (if you do not have one) at www.usajobs.gov. It
is recommended that as part of your profile you set up automatic email
notification to be informed when the status of your application changes. If you
choose not to set up this automatic notification, then you will have to log into
your USAJOBS account to check on the status of your application.


Step 2: Create a resume with USAJOBS or upload a resume into your USAJOBS
account. Customize your resume to ensure it documents duties and accomplishments
you have gained that are directly related to this position in order to verify
that qualifications are met. Your resume must support your responses to the
online questionnaire (you may preview the online questionnaire by clicking on
the link at the end of the How You Will Be Evaluated section of the job
announcement).

Step 3: Click "Apply Online" and follow the prompts to complete the Occupational
Questionnaire and attach any additional documents that may be required.
You can update your application or documents anytime while the announcement is
open. Log into your USAJOBS account and click on "Application Status." Click on
the position title, and then select "Update Application" to continue.
NOTE: Verify that uploaded documents from USAJOBs transfer into the Agency's
staffing system. Once in the Agency's staffing system you will have the
opportunity to upload additional documents. Uploaded documents must be less than
3MB and in one of the following document formats: GIF, JPG, JPEG, PNG, RTF, PDF,
or Word (DOC or DOCX).


REQUIRED DOCUMENTS:

A complete Application Package must be submitted and received prior to 11:59,
ET, on the closing date. The following documents are required for your
application package to be complete. Our office cannot be responsible for
incompatible software, illegible fax transmissions, delays in the mail service,
your system failure or downtime, etc. Failure to submit required, legible
documents may result in loss of consideration.

Resume that includes the following information: 1) personal information; 2)
education; 3) work experience including the work schedule and hours worked per
week as well as dates of employment; and title, series and grade if applicable;
4) supervisor's phone number and e-mail address for each work period listed and
whether or not we may contact them for reference checks; and, 5) other
qualifications.

Other required documents as applicable:

Current Career/Career-Conditional: Most recent non-award Notification of
Personnel Action (SF-50 or equivalent) showing that you are/were in the
competitive service, highest grade (or promotion potential) held on a permanent
basis, federal status, position title, series and grade AND most recently
completed performance appraisal (dated within 18 months) showing the official
rating of record, signed by the supervisor, or a statement as to why the
performance appraisal is unavailable. Do not submit a performance plan.
    CTAP: Certification of Expected Separation, Reduction-In-Force Separation
Notice, Notice of Proposed Removal, or appropriate OPM/Agency certification; AND
most recent performance evaluation; AND SF-50 demonstrating your separation or
the position from which you will be separated.

AGENCY CONTACT INFO:
Sheran Littlejohn
Phone: 202-692-0186
Fax: 202-692-0182
Email: sheran.littlejohn@wdc.usda.gov
Agency Information:
USDA/RD/RUS
1400 Independence Ave., S.W.
Washington, DC,
20250
United States
Fax: 202-692-0182
WHAT TO EXPECT NEXT:
If you set up your USAJOBS account to send automatic email notifications, you
will receive an email acknowledging: 1) the submission of your online
Occupational Questionnaire and resume was successful,  2) if you were referred
to the selecting official for consideration, and  3) if you were selected or not
selected. If you choose not to set up automatic email notifications, you must
check your USAJOBS account for the latest status of your application. Your
application may be reviewed to verify that you meet the qualifications and
eligibility requirements for the position prior to issuing lists to a selecting
official. If further evaluation or interviews are required, you will be
contacted. Normally, a final job offer to the selected candidate is made within
30-60 days after the issuance of the certificate.

For more information please visit: https://www.usajobs.gov

LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             632 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 6, 2014 Wednesday

Rural Utility Service: Supervisory Electronics Engineer DC-2014-0088

LENGTH: 2884  words

DATELINE: Washington


The United States Office of Personnel Management has issued the following job
announcement:

Job Title:Supervisory Electronics Engineer

Department:Department Of Agriculture

Agency:Rural Utility Service

Job Announcement Number:DC-2014-0088
SALARY RANGE:
 $106,263.00 to $138,136.00 / Per Year
OPEN PERIOD:
 Tuesday, August 5, 2014 to Thursday, August 14, 2014
SERIES & GRADE:
 GS-0855-14
POSITION INFORMATION:
 Full-Time - Permanent
PROMOTION POTENTIAL:
14
DUTY LOCATIONS:
 1 vacancy - District of Columbia, DC View Map
WHO MAY APPLY:
 Current permanent Rural Utilities Service (RUS) employees with competitive
status, and USDA CTAP eligibles.
SECURITY CLEARANCE:
 Q - Sensitive
SUPERVISORY STATUS:
 Yes
JOB SUMMARY:

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural Development Agency serves rural
communities throughout the country by investing in their communities through
housing and utility infrastructure, by increasing economic opportunity, and by
improving the quality of life for all rural Americans.  Rural Development
provides over 40 loan and grant programs in the Rural Housing and Community
Facilities Services, Rural Business and Cooperative Services, and Rural
Utilities Service. Rural Development supports a positive work environment and
promotes diversity and inclusion for nearly 5,000 employees.

Rural Development is a dynamic organization recruiting for employees who possess
the energy, compassion, and commitment to serve those in rural communities and
will enjoy working in a fast paced and results driven organization.  Our
commitment is to expand economic opportunity and quality of life in all of rural
America by providing financial programs to support essential public facilities
and services such as water and sewer systems, housing, health clinics, emergency
service facilities and electric and telephone service.  Rural Development offers
a friendly and professional working environment and such excellent benefits as:
a generous salary, alternative work schedules, paid vacation and sick leave,
paid holidays, retirement and supplemental savings plan, a wide array of health,
dental, vision, and life insurance plans, flexible spending accounts, and
long-term care insurance.

This position is located in the Southern Division, Engineering Branch,
Telecommunications.  The incumbent participates with the Division Director in
the development and modification of Division practices and procedures, and is
responsible for recommending specific actions in the engineering area which will
maximize program achievement at the lowest possible costs.

This announcement may be used to fill additional vacancies that are identified
by the organization.
TRAVEL REQUIRED

Not Required

RELOCATION AUTHORIZED

No

KEY REQUIREMENTS

US Citizenship is required.
    Selective Service Registration is required for males born after 12/31/1959.
    OGE Form 450 is required.
    One year supervisory probationary period may be required.

DUTIES:
Back to top

Directs and coordinates the engineering functions of the telecommunications
program for an assigned geographic area, involving administration of the
engineering and constructions phases of rural telecommunications systems and
facilities.
    Coordinates the activities of borrowers, borrowers' engineers, contractors
and manufacturers engaged in engineering and constructions activities.
    Provides advice and assistance to borrowers concerning design, construction,
technical operation, and maintenance of rural telecommunications systems and
facilities.
    Provides technical policy guidance, necessary direction and coordination to
the Division's General Field Representatives (GFRs) on work pertaining to the
engineering and construction phases of the telecommunications program.
    Directs and coordinates the implementation of the Distance Learning and
Telemedicine (DLT) program upon release of funds.
    Approves the advance of loan and grant funds to borrowers and grantees;
processing and approving final inventories of completed construction.
    Provides continuing administrative and technical supervision to a
headquarters staff engaged in substantive professional and technical duties and
responsibilities.

QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED:
Back to top

Applicants must provide documentation (such as a transcript, professional
registration, Engineer-In-Training certificate, etc.) to show they meet the
Basic Requirements, either Option A or Option B for this position. Failure to
provide documentation may result in loss of consideration for this position:

A. Degree: professional engineering. To be acceptable, the curriculum must: (1)
be in a school of engineering with at least one curriculum accredited by the
Accreditation Board for Engineering and Technology (ABET) as a professional
engineering curriculum; or (2) include differential and integral calculus and
courses (more advanced than first-year physics and chemistry) in five of the
following seven areas of engineering science or physics: (a) statics, dynamics;
(b) strength of materials (stress-strain relationships); (c) fluid mechanics,
hydraulics; (d) thermodynamics; (e) electrical fields and circuits; (f) nature
and properties of materials (relating particle and aggregate structure to
properties); and (g) any other comparable area of fundamental engineering
science or physics, such as optics, heat transfer, soil mechanics, or
electronics.

OR

B. Combination of education and experience: College-level education and
technical experience. (NOTE: Due to the length of the qualification standard for
this position, the following is a summary of the GS-0800 Qualification
Standards. Although this section is summarized, you must meet all qualification
requirements as stated in the OPM Qualification Standards. To review the entire
qualification standard please click on: All Professional Engineering Positions,
0800 The adequacy of such background must be demonstrated by one of the
following: 1. Professional registration; 2. Written test - Engineer-In-Training
(EIT) examination and have completed degree requirements as stated on website;
3. Specified academic courses (see list at OPM website above); or 4. Related
curriculum with appropriate experience (see OPM website above).

In addition to meeting the basic requirements, applicants must meet the
following:

For the GS-14 level: Applicants must have 1 year of specialized experience
equivalent to at least the GS-13; or its non-Federal equivalent that
demonstrates: providing advice on technical matters related to engineering and
construction functions such as system design, preparation of plans and
specifications, supervision and inspection of construction and technical
operation and maintenance matters including technical audits; experience
examining loan applications developed by borrowers in support of the engineering
and construction functions; experience leading or supervising technical
personnel. There is no education substitution for this grade level. Note: To be
considered for this position, you must meet all qualification and eligibility
requirements for the GS-0855 series set forth in the Office of Personnel
Management Qualifications Standards by the closing date of the announcement. A
copy is available at: http://www.opm.gov/qualifications/index.asp.


To view qualifying education requirements and/or combination of education and
specialized experience click on the following link:
http://www.opm.gov/qualifications/Standards/group-stds/gs-prof.asp

AND
Click on the following link to view occupational requirements for this position:

http://www.opm.gov/qualifications/Standards/IORs/gs0800/0800.htm

o  Applicants must have, or be able to obtain within a reasonable time
consistent with designated state(s)' testing/licensing procedures, registration
as a Professional Engineer. Application must contain sufficient information to
ascertain the possession of such registration or ability to obtain registration
within a reasonable period of time.
o  Subject to satisfactory completion of a one year supervisory/managerial
probationary period
o  CONFIDENTIAL FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE REPORT: If selected, you will be required
to submit Form OGE-450 within 30 days of your initial appointment date, and
annually thereafter. Selectee is subject to financial Disclosure Requirements in
accordance with 5 CFR, Part 2635, Sub part E regarding business or personal
transactions with applicants, borrowers, or business contacts who have or who
are seeking business with this Agency. Selectee must be able to obtain and
maintain a security clearance. If selected you will be subject to a National
Agency Check and Inquiry (NACI) and a credit report.
HOW YOU WILL BE EVALUATED:

You will be evaluated based on your qualifications for this position as
evidenced by the education, experience, and training you described in your
application package, as well as the responses to the Occupational Questionnaire
to determine the degree to which you possess the knowledge, skills, abilities
and competencies listed below:

Telecommunications Systems Design, Installation and/or Construction
        Project Management
        Assess Technical Studies
        Oral Communication
        Written Communication
        Supervision

We will review your application, including the on-line Occupational
Questionnaire, to ensure you meet the job requirements and assess your ability
to perform this job. Before any certificate can be issued to the selecting
official, the resume and supporting documents are reviewed by an HR Specialist
to ensure that (a) minimum qualification requirements are met and (b) the resume
supports the answers provided to the job-specific questions. Your answers will
be verified against information provided in your on-line resume and application.
Be sure that your resume clearly supports your responses to all the questions
addressing experience and education relevant to this position.
    Applicants who meet the basic minimum qualification requirements and are
determined to be among the best qualified candidates will be referred to the
hiring manager for consideration. Non-Competitive candidates need to meet
minimum qualification requirements to be referred.

Note: If, after reviewing your resume and/or supporting documentation, a
determination is made that you have inflated your qualifications and or
experience, your score can/will be lowered to more accurately reflect the
submitted documentation. Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or
omissions may affect your rating. Deliberate attempts to falsify information may
be grounds for not selecting you.

To view the application form, visit:
https://rus.usda.ntis.gov/cp/?event=jobs.previewApplication&jobid=e59a5059-a00a-
40d8-a3e7-a36f00982071

BENEFITS:
Back to top

You can review our benefits at:
http://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/healthcare/enrollment/new-federal-employ
ee-enrollment/


OTHER INFORMATION:
o  BACKGROUND INVESTIGATION AND FINGERPRINT CHECK:  Selection and retention in
this position is contingent on a successfully adjudicated FBI National Criminal
History Check (fingerprint check) and a background investigation.
o  Career Transition Assistance Plan(CTAP) or Interagency Career Transition
Assistance Plan (ICTAP):   If you are claiming CTAP eligibility, provide proof
of eligibility to include your most recent performance appraisal, SF-50, and
proof of eligibility such as a RIF separation notice or letter from OPM/your
agency.  CTAP eligibles will be considered well-qualified if achieving a rating
of 85 or above.  Information about CTAP/ICTAP eligibility is on OPM's Career
Transition Resources website at http://www.opm.gov/ctap/index.asp.
o  This position is eligible for telework and other flexible work arrangements.
Employee participation is at the discretion of the supervisor.
o  Persons with disabilities who require alternative means for communication of
program information (Braille, large print, audiotape, etc) should contact:
USDA's TARGET Center at 202-720-2600 (voice and TDD).
HOW TO APPLY:
Back to top

Please read the entire announcement and all the instructions before you begin.
The following instructions outline our application process.

You must complete this application process and submit all required documents
electronically by 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time (ET) on the closing date of this
announcement.
    We are available to assist you during business hours normally (8:00 a.m. -
4:00 p.m., Monday - Friday). Applying online is highly encouraged. If applying
online poses a hardship, please contact our office during business hours well
before the closing date for an alternate method. All hardship application
packages with supporting documents must be submitted no later than noon on the
closing date of the announcement in order to be entered into the system prior to
its closing.
    This agency provides reasonable accommodation to applicants with
disabilities on a case-by-case basis; contact us if you are requesting this.

Step 1: Create a USAJOBS account (if you do not have one) at www.usajobs.gov. It
is recommended that as part of your profile you set up automatic email
notification to be informed when the status of your application changes. If you
choose not to set up this automatic notification, then you will have to log into
your USAJOBS account to check on the status of your application.


Step 2: Create a resume with USAJOBS or upload a resume into your USAJOBS
account. Customize your resume to ensure it documents duties and accomplishments
you have gained that are directly related to this position in order to verify
that qualifications are met. Your resume must support your responses to the
online questionnaire (you may preview the online questionnaire by clicking on
the link at the end of the How You Will Be Evaluated section of the job
announcement).

Step 3: Click "Apply Online" and follow the prompts to complete the Occupational
Questionnaire and attach any additional documents that may be required.
You can update your application or documents anytime while the announcement is
open. Log into your USAJOBS account and click on "Application Status." Click on
the position title, and then select "Update Application" to continue.
NOTE: Verify that uploaded documents from USAJOBs transfer into the Agency's
staffing system. Once in the Agency's staffing system you will have the
opportunity to upload additional documents. Uploaded documents must be less than
3MB and in one of the following document formats: GIF, JPG, JPEG, PNG, RTF, PDF,
or Word (DOC or DOCX).


REQUIRED DOCUMENTS:

A complete Application Package must be submitted and received prior to 11:59,
ET, on the closing date. The following documents are required for your
application package to be complete. Our office cannot be responsible for
incompatible software, illegible fax transmissions, delays in the mail service,
your system failure or downtime, etc. Failure to submit required, legible
documents may result in loss of consideration.

Resume that includes the following information: 1) personal information; 2)
education; 3) work experience including the work schedule and hours worked per
week as well as dates of employment; and title, series and grade if applicable;
4) supervisor's phone number and e-mail address for each work period listed and
whether or not we may contact them for reference checks; and, 5) other
qualifications.

Other required documents as applicable:

Current Career/Career-Conditional: Most recent non-award Notification of
Personnel Action (SF-50 or equivalent) showing that you are/were in the
competitive service, highest grade (or promotion potential) held on a permanent
basis, federal status, position title, series and grade AND most recently
completed performance appraisal (dated within 18 months) showing the official
rating of record, signed by the supervisor, or a statement as to why the
performance appraisal is unavailable. Do not submit a performance plan.
    CTAP: Certification of Expected Separation, Reduction-In-Force Separation
Notice, Notice of Proposed Removal, or appropriate OPM/Agency certification; AND
most recent performance evaluation; AND SF-50 demonstrating your separation or
the position from which you will be separated.

AGENCY CONTACT INFO:
Sheran Littlejohn
Phone: 202-692-0186
Fax: 202-692-0182
Email: sheran.littlejohn@wdc.usda.gov
Agency Information:
USDA/RD/RUS
1400 Independence Ave., S.W.
Washington, DC,
20250
United States
Fax: 202-692-0182
WHAT TO EXPECT NEXT:
If you set up your USAJOBS account to send automatic email notifications, you
will receive an email acknowledging: 1) the submission of your online
Occupational Questionnaire and resume was successful,  2) if you were referred
to the selecting official for consideration, and  3) if you were selected or not
selected. If you choose not to set up automatic email notifications, you must
check your USAJOBS account for the latest status of your application. Your
application may be reviewed to verify that you meet the qualifications and
eligibility requirements for the position prior to issuing lists to a selecting
official. If further evaluation or interviews are required, you will be
contacted. Normally, a final job offer to the selected candidate is made within
30-60 days after the issuance of the certificate.

For more information please visit: https://www.usajobs.gov

LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             633 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 23, 2014 Friday

South Dakota: Mortgage Processor I

LENGTH: 469  words

DATELINE: Pierre


South Dakota Department of Labor has issued athe following job announcement:


Job Order ID:  1651396
Openings:  1
Status:  Full Time
Hours per Week:  40
Experience Required:  12 months
Education Required
 High School Diploma
Minimum Age:  18
Drivers License Class:



Job Title:  Mortgage Processor I
Salary:  Not Specified
Duration:  Over 150 Days
Days:
Shift:
Licenses/Certification:
Lifting Requirements:
Endorsements:
Desired Skills:
Description:  The Mortgage Loan Processor I is responsible to prepare and
process residential mortgage loan files from application through approval. This
will involve obtaining all necessary documentation as well as ensuring
compliance with bank, regulatory, secondary market and investor guidelines.
Essential Functions:
1. Review and verify each file to ensure that all information is correct and
current.
2. Order credit reports, title commitments, surveys, appraisals and homeowners
insurance from the appropriate parties and reviewing them for acceptability.
3. Prepare loan file submission to underwriting.
4. Act as a liaison and maintaining communication between Mortgage Loan
Originators, Underwriters and Closers that are involved in the transaction to
meet expected Service Level Agreements for processing.
5. Prepare and mail Adverse Action Notices and review Home Mortgage Disclosure
Act (HMDA) data when applicable.
6. Demonstrate basic understanding of loan processing, procedures, documents,
underwriting requirements, government insured and agency requirements and the
terminology of our processing systems.
7. Respond to and resolve customer service requests according to policies in a
prompt, efficient and courteous manner at all times.
8. Perform other job-related duties or special projects as assigned.
Requirements / Minimum Qualifications / Experience:
1. High school diploma or equivalent required.
2. 1 to 2 years of recent processing experience in the residential mortgage
industry required.
3. Basic knowledge of Conventional Residential Mortgages required; knowledge of
Federal Housing Administration (FHA), Veteran's Administration (VA), Rural
Development (RD) and First Time Homebuyer products desired.
4. Basic experience with Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act (RESPA) and the
Truth In Lending Act (TILA) regulations required.
5. Strong analytical, problem solving and organizational skills with the ability
to thrive in a fast paced environment
6. Experience with mortgage software such as Encompass preferred.
7. Basic knowledge of mortgage lending products and terminology required.
8. Must work well under pressure, meeting multiple and sometimes conflicting
deadlines.
9. Detail oriented and discreet with confidential information.
Worksite Address:  Sioux falls, SD 57104

For more information please visit: https://apps.sd.gov/

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             634 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Loughborough Echo

                               February 13, 2009
                                  1ST Edition

Buyers register for new homes at 70 per cent of the price

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 66

LENGTH: 604 words


MORE than 270 prospective homebuyers have signed up for a new scheme backed by
Barratt Homes North Midlands and the Government which enables them to move into
a new home in Leicestershire for just 70 per cent of the price.

Pre-registration for the HomeBuy Direct scheme was launched just four weeks ago.
Homebuyers taking advantage of it will receive a 30 per cent equity loan funded
jointly by Barratt Homes and the Government. The buyer finances the remaining 70
per cent of the purchase price either through a mortgage, a deposit or a
combination of the two.

The company is backing the initiative with a total of 3,000 homes nationwide and
45 in Leicestershire.

"We have had a tremendous response in the four weeks since we launched pre
registration for HomeBuy Direct across the North Midlands, which shows that
there is still enormous demand for new homes in this area," said James Poynor,
sales director at Barratt Homes North Midlands.

"People who have been priced out of the housing market for years can see this is
an outstanding opportunity to buy at new, lower 2009 prices - not high 2007
prices. The 30 per cent equity loan from ourselves and the Government means that
in many cases they don't even need to have a deposit."

"The scheme is open to First Time Buyers, Key Workers and others who are
currently renting. People who have previously owned properties but are now
unable to do so - perhaps because they have been in relationships which came to
an end - can also apply."

Under HomeBuy Direct, buyers will be protected against possible falls in
property values up to 30 per cent as the Barratt/Government equity share will
absorb price risk. In addition, there is no interest to pay on the joint
Barratt/Government equity stake for the first five years, although a fee will be
charged from year six onwards.

Buyers can redeem the loan in instalments, purchasing up to 100 per cent of the
equity after their initial purchase by buying additional equity at the market
rate. Alternatively, if they sell their home, the equity loan is repaid by way
of a share of the sale proceeds.

The 45 homes being allocated to the scheme in Leicestershire include plots at
the Stephensons Place development in Coalville and Regents Park in Hamilton.

Stephensons Place is a brand new development with a stunning collection of two
bedroom apartments and three and four bedroom family homes. Situated in rural
Coalville, on the former Stephensons college site, Stephensons Place offers an
excellent selection of properties and local amenities that make it ideal for
first time buyers and families alike.

Meanwhile, the award winning Regents Park development is located in the popular
residential area of Hamilton on the outskirts of the city and offers a selection
of one and two bedroom apartments and three and four bedroom family homes. With
nearby countryside within walking distance it offers the ideal country retreat.

To pre-register for the scheme visit www.barratthomes.co.uk/homebuydirect.

The website contains the full list of sites. Customers who have pre-registered
will be immediately contacted as soon as a property in the Leicestershire area
becomes available. Households eligible to take advantage of the offer will be
earning less than pounds 60,000 and would not normally be able to afford to buy
a suitable property on the open market.

For further information on the developments contact the sales advisors on 01530
812 543 for Stephensons Place and on 0116 246 0317 for Regents Park.
Alternatively you can visit the developments, which are open Thursday to Monday
between 11.00am and 6.00pm.

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2009 MGN Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             635 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 Yorkshire Post

                                January 10, 2002

xxxx

SOURCE: Yorkshire Post

LENGTH: 504 words






Planners' objections 'swept aside'

n From Page 1.

-tial number of new houses due to be built in Doncaster between 1986 and 2001
from 14,600 - a figure set by Government guidance - to 20,000.

Mr Wallens said planning officers had listed all their objections to the new
inclusions in the original draft of the UDP but they had been ignored.

He said planners had described the proposal to earmark housing for the Branton
site as being "in conflict with long-standing policies".

He said the final draft version, produced in 1993, had not been written by the
group of officers who had been working on the UDP for four years, but instead by
the then planning director David Ellis. It was approved by the planning
committee in October that year.

Earlier, the court heard that Hughes had sent Lloyds Bank a copy of a letter
from Ellis to his (Hughes's) financial adviser and co-accused Gordon Armitage to
try to stop it taking legal action over a debt of nearly (GBP)350,000.

Mr Farrer said Ellis's letter, written in November 1993, was to the effect that
permission for housing was likely to be granted in the near future on the
Poppyfields site, which was ultimately worth (GBP)2.25m to Hughes.

It has also previously been alleged that Birks pressured Ellis to write "a
comfort letter" to would-be developers David Wilson Homes to suggest the site
was going to be redesignated from countryside to residential.

Hughes owed over (GBP)6m to four financial institutions but deterred recovery
action by three by telling them his financial problems were to be solved by the
money he would receive from the Poppyfields site, the court heard. In addition
to the Lloyds debt he owed (GBP)5.3m in 1992 to Australian bank Westpac after
defaulting on a loan used to buy Woodside Quarry in Horsforth, Leeds. He owed
Skipton Building Society nearly (GBP)160,000 in early 1993 and in mid-1993 he
owed (GBP)281,000 to the UCB Bank.

The court also heard that the decision to grant planning permission for housing
on Poppyfields was a "surprise" to the planning agent Hughes had himself
appointed to put the application to the council.

George Lindley, a retired Doncaster building surveyor and a personal friend of
Hughes, had submitted Hughes's original application in August 1992.

He said it was initially turned down the following month by the planning
committee, who decided it would "cause a serious detriment to the rural
character of the immediate locality".

A second, almost identical, application was quickly submitted, and then amended
to inc-rease the amount of open space.

Mr Lindley's involvement ended soon after but he was still informed later by the
council that permission had been granted.

He said: "I would have thought if the application had any chance it would have
to be by going to the (Government) inspector on an appeal basis.

"I didn't see any reason the application should be approved by purely and simply
increasing the open space area."


LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2002

                       Copyright 2002 Johnston Press Plc


                             636 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                           September 28, 1998 Monday
                                  Late Edition

The financial woes of Japan are land-locked;
Tokyo Observed

BYLINE: Tony Boyd

SECTION: NEWS; International News; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 846 words


When Paul Keating correctly picked the top of the Tokyo property market in 1988,
the company on the other side of the transaction would never have dreamed that
10 years later Japan's property prices would be in the seventh straight year of
decline.

Giant trading house Itochu paid $640 million for a third of the Australian
Embassy garden in Tokyo's Mita ward, but for various reasons it never
constructed the huge pencil-thin tower planned for the site.

The price paid for the land could only be justified if the building went ahead,
but it is likely the property remains in the balance sheet of Itochu at the
bubble economy value.

At the time Itochu did the deal, Japan's land prices had been rising every year
since 1945, with the exception of 1979, and bank lenders and investors thought
there was little risk of a fall.

Seven years after the bubble economy burst, property remains at the heart of
Japan's financial system problem because virtually all non-performing loans are
backed by property collateral.

Apart from some isolated transactions by distressed sellers, Japan's property
market is virtually illiquid because of a combination of taxation, regulatory,
criminal and structural issues.

Until the Government removes the barriers to a more liquid market, banks will
continue to resist the disposal of property backing bad loans and economic
stagnation will persist. High capital gains taxes on land are a major
disincentive for owners to sell. Profits on the sale of land are taxed as income
at the highest corporate rate.

A rule change earlier this year allowing loss-making companies to sell property
free of capital gains tax is having a positive impact on supply. Yamato Life
sold its head office in Hibiya to Goldman Sachs and last week Nissan Motor sold
its new head office in Ginza to Mori Building.

There is a drawback, however, to increased supply, according to John Tofflemire,
general manager of CB Richard Ellis in Tokyo.

"Eliminating the corporate gains tax for corporations in the red is making the
supply curve less inelastic and that means that if there is a shift in demand
the price won't rise as much," he said. "Now that you are seeing these
distressed companies bringing property to the market, it means that even if the
demand increases you are not going to see the price increases that the banks are
sitting and hallucinating- it just won't happen."

Regulations are another barrier to greater liquidity in the property market. One
of the most prominent critics is Minoru Mori, president of Mori Building.

Mori, who this month became a member of Prime Minister Keizo Obuchi's Strategic
Economic Council, told The Australian Financial Review that restrictions needed
to be relaxed on floor space ratio.

"In big cities, the land has to be efficiently utilised to double the per capita
space for living and working, which I call a global standard living and working
space," he said.

He said Japan needed to concentrate the small lots of land in big cities into
large scale lots and build tall buildings. "This will reduce the floor area to
plottage ratio and create additional space for the public such as green tracts."

Mori said the present tax system encouraged small scale housing and this should
be revised.

The criminal influence over restricting supply of property is well known but
rarely discussed by government officials or politicians.

The yakuza has built a huge business out of illegally occupying property that is
held as collateral for bad loans. Many Japanese financial institutions are
washing their hands of this problem by selling such properties to US investors
at a 10th of face value.

One of the few Japanese people confronting this issue head-on is Kohei Nakabo,
the head of the Housing Loan Administration Corp, who is in charge of
liquidating billions of yen in non-performing loans written by the failed Jusen
housing co-operatives.

The yakuza involvement in the bad loan problem is said to be so pervasive some
bankers believe only those institutions from the yakuza stronghold of Osaka,
such as Sanwa Bank and Sumitomo Bank, will have the skills to negotiate their
way through the problem.

The main structural barrier to land transactions is tied in with the country's
long-standing subsidisation of its farming population, which in turn explains
why Japan does not have a society based on consumption.

A host of direct and indirect subsidies and property tax breaks for farmers have
served to push up the price of rural land which in turn has spilled over into
the cost of housing in major urban centres.

Although Japan has the highest level of per capita income in the Group of Seven
richest industrial countries, the high price of land and food has meant the
purchasing power of Japanese is 20 to 30 per cent less than in other countries.

Japanese houses, which were once described as "rabbit hutches" by Sir Roy
Denman, can often only be purchased with a mortgage that lasts two generations,
thanks to the rural protectionism.

Housing starts are at the lowest level since 1985 and in August recorded the
19th straight month of decline.

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illus: High land and food prices in Japan limit purchasing power.
Picture: REUTERS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 1998 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             637 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Herald (Harare)

                          September 25, 2010 Saturday

VP Nkomo Commissions 740 Stands

LENGTH: 488  words

DATELINE: Harare


Acting President John Nkomo yesterday commissioned 740 residential stands in
Kwekwe as part of Government efforts to ensure provision of decent accommodation
to low income earners countrywide.

The stands would be developed under the Mbizo 22 Housing Project under the US$25
million National Housing Loan Facility allocated to the Housing Ministry in the
2009 National Budget.

The acting President also took the opportunity to launch the National Housing
Loan Facility that would also see Government providing affordable residential
stands in all provinces.

Due to prohibitive costs of building houses as a result of illegal Western
economic sanctions, acting President Nkomo said Government committed itself to
ensure decent accommodation for all. "Cognisant of the need to ameliorate the
living conditions of the generality of our population, central government has
redoubled its resolve and commitment to ensure provision of decent, affordable
and functional housing to the people on a sustainable basis.

"The launch of the facility and programme and several others to follow soon in
Harare, Bulawayo, Marondera, Mutare and Checheche Growth Point in Chipinge bears
testimony to the unwavering resolve," he said.

The Acting President called for Public Private Partnerships in the housing
sector as support from multi-lateral institutions had declined.

He said it was also imperative to take cognisance of resettled farmers under the
land reform programme to ensure that they also have decent shelter.

The US$25 million Housing Loan Facility, Acting President Nkomo said, was seed
capital from Government to establish a revolving National Housing Loan Facility.

He said the loans would be redeemable after 24 months to allow for quick and
early repayment of the original loan to the fiscus.

"The major objective of the facility is to improve the housing delivery process
hence reducing the national housing backlog and to achieve 100 percent national
coverage in the provision of decent and affordable accommodation in the long
run," he said.

The Mbizo 22 Housing Project is a partnership between Government and the Kwekwe
local authority. The project will also have four low cost flat sites and one
commercial stand.

National Housing and Social Amenities Minister Giles Mutsekwa said his ministry
was in the process of drafting a Land Developers Bill that seeks to regulate
operations of land developers.

This, he said, was necessitated by rampant corruption in the sector.

"This is in response to numerous cases of unscrupulous land developers who have,
and are continuing to swindle unsuspecting potential home seekers of their hard
earned cash," he said.

In terms of the proposed Land Developers Act, Minister Mutsekwa said land
developers would be required to register before they start to practice in the
sector.

The National Housing Loan Facility would go a long way in reducing the national
housing backlog that is now over one million.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             638 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Anniston Star (Alabama)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 31, 2011 Sunday

Choccolocco welcomes growth, but not loss of serenity

BYLINE: Alison Gene Smith, The Anniston Star, Ala.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 2163 words


July 31--CHOCCOLOCCO -- Van Roberts used to know just about everyone in the
Choccolocco area. Now it's one out of 10.

"It really exploded prior to the housing bust," the volunteer fire chief said.

When Roberts joined the Quad Cities Volunteer Fire Department the year it
started in 1989, the group served about 250 homes throughout Choccolocco, Old
Davis Town, Iron City, Chosea Springs and Pleasant Ridge.

Now, he estimates, 2,500 to 2,600 homes are in its coverage area.

Nestled east of Anniston and Oxford along the banks of Choccolocco Creek, the
four-mile-wide valley that is home to Choccolocco has historically been a tiny
community of just a few hundred. It is one of the oldest communities in the
county, dating back to the 1830s. Most of the land was once held by slave-owning
farmers growing cotton. After the Civil War and emancipation, tenant farmers
worked the land for decades and the area emerged as a sleepy, agriculture-based
community.

In the 1990s, Choccolocco saw a huge boom in population. Farming all but
disappeared as agricultural land made way for new subdivisions.

When the national recession hit, many communities started to slide, with growth
in established suburban areas grinding to a halt. However, rather than move
backward, Choccolocco and surrounding communities have sustained themselves.

Heritage of a community

"We maintain a community because it has always been close-knit here," said
Georgia Calhoun, a lifelong resident of Choccolocco. "Now some communities, the
new communities, have not come in as much."

Although she said she supports prosperity and progress, Calhoun said she is a
little sad to see the familiar landscape changing.

"I have seen cotton fields and soybean fields turned into housing," she said.

Calhoun has acted as a one-woman unofficial mayor, tourism director and
historian, occasionally receiving mail for the Choccolocco "City Hall" at her
home in the heart of town and answering phone calls at all hours from people
asking for information about the area or for directions to Mount Cheaha.

As president of the Choccolocco Heritage Society, Calhoun tries to keep history
alive with bimonthly meetings. The society's next meeting is in August. The
group discusses the history of the area and works to designate new historic
places.

As new families have moved to the area, Calhoun said, she has seen less and less
interest in the history of her hometown. Although she invites new residents to
the meetings, they rarely attend.

"If you want to live in a place, you ought to want to know why it existed," she
said.

One of the draws for young families to Choccolocco is its proximity to White
Plains schools.

Calhoun said she feels like some people moved for the schools and nothing else.

"Schools, churches and homes were the community," Calhoun said of her childhood.
"I don't think the three should be isolated."

Peace of mind

For Nathe Martin, moving to a subdivision near Pine Hill Country Club in the
Choccolocco area was a "no-brainer."

The California bay-area native moved in last January and started active duty
with the 167th Theater Sustainment Command at Fort McClellan, he said. Now he
wants to put down roots.

"I basically decided it was time to buy a home," he said.

Martin chose the Anniston area out of eight possible assignments but didn't want
to live in the city proper, he said, citing a high crime rate and preferring a
more rural setting.

Once he had ruled out Anniston, Martin looked at a few other areas. He
considered the history of where storms had hit in the past and saw fewer in the
eastern part of the county. After looking at houses in White Plains, Piedmont,
Oxford and Jacksonville, he visited his future neighborhood on a whim.

His neighborhood is kid-friendly, and, Martin says, though he's not extremely
close with his neighbors, everyone is a friend.

"You can't find a comparable place," he said. "There's a certain standard of
living."

Pine Hill is less than 10 miles to work with only five stop signs on the way,
Martin said. It's a safe residential neighborhood full of families and
professionals.

"My mortgage is less than you'd pay to rent a comparable place," he said.

He even likes the sounds of the freight trains as they pass through Choccolocco.

There are some drawbacks to living farther outside the city, including the lack
of choice in shopping, with only a few stores dotting the side of the highway.

"You have to plan accordingly," he said. "You have to make an effort."

Although it takes a little more effort and a little more money, Martin said
having peace of mind about where he lives is worth it.

"It's the basis of your sanity," he said.

People in his neighborhood maintain a community, Martin said, even if it is
separate from Choccolocco.

"People here are like-minded," he said.

They put a priority on their peace of mind, and Martin likened the safe feeling
to a gated community.

"But this is all open," he said.

Martin's neighbors are tolerant of his rumbling 1967 Pontiac Tempest -- he works
on it frequently -- and he respects their sleeping hours, as many operate on
Eastern time and commute to the Atlanta area.

Martin said he would prefer to tell people he lives in White Plains, rather than
Anniston, and doesn't really associate his neighborhood with Choccolocco.

"They have the post office and a real small-town sense of community," he said.
"I like it," he said. "I'm doing everything in my power not to move."

A desirable place

Sylvia Bentley has been selling homes in the Choccolocco area for more than 20
years with ERA-King Real Estate in Anniston. Recently, she sold a house to her
son.

"My son just got married, and he just wanted to be in a good area with a good
school system, so when he starts his family, he's there," she said.

Home prices for the area are in the mid-$200,000 range, which is down from a few
years ago, Bentley said, along with prices for the whole country.

"Anyone who says otherwise isn't being honest or didn't do their homework," she
said.

While many areas have stagnated during the recession, Choccolocco still thrives,
although more slowly than before.

"It's maintaining very nicely," Bentley said, though the area isn't seeing as
much construction as just a few years ago.

"There's not anyone who hasn't felt the recession," she said.

Along with the peaceful nature of the area and a good school system, USDA loans
that allow some homebuyers to get their new houses with no money down and 100
percent financing have also helped the area, Bentley said.

Choccolocco is one of many areas in Calhoun County that are considered rural
and, therefore, people who move there can be eligible for the rural development
loans.

The loans are intended to promote opportunities for home ownership, said Ronald
Davis, state director for USDA rural development in Alabama. In recent years,
the USDA has made between 3,500 and 3,600 loans annually, he said, with about
$400 million in housing loans spread out throughout the country in 2011.

It is common throughout the state for farmland to be turned into housing, Davis
said.

Many families who once farmed are no longer interested in it and sell their land
to developers, he said.

Rural areas becoming more developed is due to more than just these loans, Davis
said. Developers' and real estate agents' interest in an area has a lot to do
with it, he said, while the USDA simply helps with financing.

The greater Anniston-Oxford area just happens to be one of those desirable
places where people like to move, Davis said, and its location halfway between
Birmingham and Atlanta and between the Appalachian Mountains and the Gulf Coast
can draw people in.

Hidden costs

Part of the draw to build in rural areas is the open space available, said
Cheryl Morgan, director of Auburn University's Urban Studio, an outreach program
of the College of Architecture, Design and Construction where students work in
an urban setting.

"What tends to happen is that the easiest place to build is what we call
greenfields," she said. "It also usually is the larger parcels because they were
farms or the remnants of larger farms passed on from generation to generation.
What happens is great-granddaddy owns 500 acres and has two sons who get 250
acres each."

Eventually these parcels get broken down into even smaller tracts and eventually
are sold. Although they are much smaller than when they started out, they are
still larger than anything available in the existing infrastructure of an
established city or town, Morgan said. Developers are able to build multiple
houses instead of one at a time. The more they build, the more money they can
potentially make.

Although these developments can seem like good ideas at first, Morgan said they
have many hidden costs. At the top of this list is transportation. In many
cases, the cost of transportation each month for families exceeds the cost of a
home mortgage.

"What you've been taught is, 'Well, I should buy that house. I'm doing the best
for my family,'" Morgan said.

The depreciating cost of a car and the price of gas need to be balanced with
having a large house, she said, not to mention the time given to a commute that
could have been spent with family, taking a class or doing any number of things.

"At what cost in time and real dollars is that bigger house 10 miles out, versus
if we could take that money, the time, all those things in that commute and put
it into a house closer in," she said.

When the bottom fell out of the housing market in 2008, Morgan said, homes that
were closer to jobs, health care and schools retained value while houses farther
away lost value faster. This shift in housing values and the parallel rise in
gasoline prices -- along with an emerging generation of people who are more
protective of their time with friends and family -- has led to a slowdown in
this kind of outward building, Morgan said.

More places are seeing the benefits of building closer to the core of a city
rather than spreading out, but new patterns are difficult to develop, she said.

"So it's not just when you look at a Choccolocco or growth around the Anniston
area. We see the same patterns in Birmingham, in Montgomery, in Mobile and
across the United States," Morgan said. "But it's a scenario that we're having
to come to grips with."

Community identity

Choccolocco still lacks a restaurant, which Georgia Calhoun admits the area
could use, but in the past several years, it has gained a grocery store, Big B
Grocery, managed by Roger Bahtt.

Bahtt lives in Choccolocco and describes the area as peaceful. Business is good,
he said, bragging that since he's not in any city's limits, customers at the
store pay only 7 percent sales tax.

It's the only store for miles, he said, and according to Bahtt it has the best
meat in the Anniston area.

Although she could do without additional subdivisions, Calhoun can see other
ways Choccolocco could grow.

"A lot of history has been kept alive," she said, "and I'd like to see it be one
of the number-one rural tourist areas."

Choccolocco boasts homes from the 1840s, a schoolhouse built in 1876 and a post
office more than 125 years old, she said.

The quiet community even managed to avoid much of the racial strife that
engulfed the South for decades, she said.

"We lived together," Calhoun said of the black and white families in the area.
"We always came to each other's rescue" -- a necessity in the rural setting,
especially before the volunteer fire department started and new roads allowed
easy access by law enforcement.

The historic Caffey Pond, which sits next to an antebellum home, was the site of
baptisms for everyone in the area.

"I can remember being baptized in the pond. We'd come on Sunday and the whites
would watch us being baptized, then we watched them," said Calhoun, who is
black. Revival meetings were also integrated, and she remembers both races
attending each other's churches.

"Right now we do our Thanksgiving services together," she said.

Calhoun hopes in moving forward some community identity can be salvaged.

"We're losing the countryside," she said. "When we lose the cotton fields and
lose the soybean fields and you look and there's houses there, yes, you're just
losing some identity."

The trademark beauty of the area is one thing she is trying to maintain.

"What we've tried is to encourage people to do flower gardens and yards," she
said.

Calhoun understands why people have moved to her quiet, picturesque community,
she'd just like them to remember why they moved there.

"I grew up here and it's such a peaceful community," she said. "The thing that
has attracted people -- the beauty and serenity -- that's what we're losing."

Star staff writer Alison Gene Smith: 256-235-3550

To see more of The Anniston Star or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.annistonstar.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, The Anniston Star, Ala.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20110731-AO-Choccolocco-welcomes-growth-but-not-loss-of-serenity-0731-20110731

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AO


                        Copyright 2011 The Anniston Star


                             639 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                               December 21, 1998

Housing Hegira

BYLINE: MARK FOGARTY

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 1730 words


The past year has been an especially rewarding one for this editor, as I have
made it a priority to travel around this vast country of ours to look at the
varieties of housing need and the housing solutions that exist in the United
States today.

Besides the frequent flyer miles I earned, I got quite an eyeful.  Armed with a
tape recorder and a disposable camera, I traveled to urban areas, one so close
as to be almost visible from my window here in New York City, and to rural areas
so unfamiliar they seemed to be a part of another country.  I saw single-family
houses and multifamily projects, done by for-profit and non-profit developers.
I came across many heartwarming stories, and I looked at the faces of
disgraceful neglect.  And everywhere I went, I asked, are there any lenders
involved here?

What follows is a review of the things I saw and some conclusions from my
yearlong housing hegira:

* Putting Back the 'D.' At the annual National Housing and Rehabilitation
Lenders Association meeting in La Quinta, Calif., I saw a presentation by a
for-profit developer that fired my interest.  Beacon Residential's Bill Stetson
outlined a rehab on a 276-unit development called the Mandela Homes, in the
inner city neighborhood of South Boston.  The firm thought it could make money
by revamping a Great Society-era red-brick housing project, the exact dreary
type of inner city housing that now seems best rehabbed by dynamite.  And one of
the first things it did was to replace the wind-damaged 'D'in the Mandela Homes
sign on the side of the project, even though its plans were to completely redo
the facade.  This good faith gesture to the African-American residents of the
project seemed to me an augury of success, and I'll be following up on Beacon's
efforts at the next NH&RLA annual.

* Sparks.  Despite having been a housing journalist for the last 15 years, I had
never heard of the colonias, horrible rural slums along the U.S.-Mexico border,
until just recently.  So on a trip to Albuquerque I made a 600-mile detour to
visit some of these grim communities.  I went to three outside El Paso, Texas.
The colonias are fetid illegal subdivisions, where hundreds of thousands of
Hispanic-Americans, (the overwhelming majority are U.S. citizens) drawn by the
prospect of agricultural and manufacturing jobs, live in shacks and trailers in
places that can be without water, roads or sewers.  These neglected places teem
with blasted lives, high unemployment, and Third-World diseases like cholera and
bubonic plague.  Despite all this, the residents of some colonias, like the
Sparks Housing Development Corp., are embarked on the long journey of making
these slums habitable.  And the Ford Foundation and a few nationwide lenders are
providing some financing to the El Paso Cooperative, a non-profit trying to
clean up this Augean mess.

* Two Bridges.  Nestled between the Williamsburgh and Manhattan Bridges on
Manhattan island in New York City is the remarkable housing tower called Two
Bridges, developed by the Two Bridges Settlement Housing Corp.  There, a mix of
Chinese-Americans, African-Americans, European-Americans and formerly homeless
people live in what appears to be considerable harmony, in a graceful, beautiful
setting with awesome views of the Manhattan Bridge.  Although built to
workmanlike specifications, the tower seemed to me a work of human art when I
visited it with officials of the lead private lender, Dime Savings Bank.

* A Place for Courage.  A little girl named Courage lives in a brand new house
all by itself on a windy high prairie in Fort Defiance, Ariz.  Courage was about
to turn one-year old when I went out to the desert to visit her and her family
in one of the first homes mortgaged on the Navajo Nation, the country's largest
reservation.  Not far from her beautiful home, on cracked or dirt roads, people
live in hovels and decrepit houses on a vast tract of land previously off limits
to mortgage lending because of the government trust status of the land.  It took
nearly five years to get mortgage lending started on the Navajo, and it is still
in its infancy.  Officials at Norwest Mortgage went the extra mile, and then
some, to close a few loans for the most underserved housing population in the
nation.

* The Women's House.  In far-off Anchorage, Alaska, a crew of women
home-builders has been working since May on a special project, a Habitat for
Humanity house built only by women to house women and their families.  It's of
special interest to me since the project is also dedicated to a women, my late
sister, Mary Ellen Fogarty.  I traveled to Alaska twice this year, once to meet
the Todd family that will live there and to spend an afternoon watching the
women raise the first walls (and catering them lunch).  I went again last month,
to the dedication.  A work of considerable heart and spirit, this little pink
house exemplifies Habitat's self-help ethic and the get-it-done attitude that
has made it one of the country's top 20 homebuilders, despite being a nonprofit.
The project will also finance two homes built overseas, and there's a little
money in the kitty to go towards the start of another Women's House.

* Rural Renaissance.  The special emphasis the Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta
has placed on affordable housing led me to tour two of its projects when I
visited there for a rural development conference.  Although only fifty miles
from the big city, Cartersville, Ga., is a small town in a rural area near the
foothills of the Appalachian Mountains.  A for-profit developer, the Braden
Group, came up with an ingenious idea there.  Jerry Braden rehabbed old motel
cottages into single-occupancy units for the elderly.  The one-floor units have
few steps to be negotiated, are spacious enough to be comfortable for one
person, and were graciously-enough constructed back in the 1930s that they
retain a sturdiness and charm impossible to imagine if today's motel units get
rehabbed fifty years from now!  And the Etowah Village Apartments, built by a
non-profit, the Paces Foundation, near the site of the Etowah Mounds Indian
burial site, provide well-maintained homes for low and very low-income residents
from a mix of ethnicities.

* Turning the Tide.  The south side of Chicago, according to the old song, is
the baddest part of town.  But now, an Episcopal congregation, St. Edmund's, is
in the midst of a concerted effort to take back its formerly genteel
African-American neighborhood from the usual plague of inner city ills.  The
church, through a development corporation spearheaded by the pastor, Rev.
Richard Tolliver, has developed almost 200 units of housing in the Washington
Park neighborhood, and has plans for a similar amount in the future.  Although
there's no primary lender on their most recent project, Fannie Mae has acted in
effect as a lender by buying a tax-exempt bond issued for the purpose.

* A Steady Foundation.  Housing need in rural Lincoln County, WV, is stark.  Up
to half the children there live in substandard homes, the kind where kids fall
through the floor or porches rip right off houses.  Yet there's no bank within
25 miles of little towns like Harts and Ranger, built alongside a single highway
that threads through the hills of coal country Appalachia.  Luckily for them, a
Catholic nun assigned there started up a housing non-profit, Harts Community
Development Inc., which, bit by bit, is making a dent in the problem by building
a few houses each year and rehabbing many others.  The sturdy little houses they
are building, somewhat on the Habitat model, are helping boost pride in the
white families of Lincoln County that have been given a chance at decent
housing.

* Sweet Harvest.  Fields of sugar cane surround Franklin, La., a rural town that
had a lot of housing stock ruined when Hurricane Andrew whipped through a couple
of years ago.  Helping to put things back together is St. Mary Community Action
Agency, which has developed a townhome community and is building a single-family
tract in a nearby town.  Local lenders and foundations are making up the finance
for this community housing development organization, which is cultivating a
housing crop at least as sweet as sugar cane.

My conclusions from my visits to these diverse places?  There is a remarkable
homogeneity to the projects, despite their being scattered all over the nation
and inhabited by people of nearly as many different cultures as this country
has.

The first similarity is the potpourri of financing sources it takes to put such
deals together.  Foundation grants, government subsidies, and non-profit
involvement appear over and over again, especially Low Income Housing Tax
Credits and HOME funds from the Department of Housing and Urban Development.
Are mortgage lenders involved?  Generally, the answer is yes, although they
usually are junior partners providing interim construction money or a smallish
permanent mortgage.  But without the state and federal government subsidies,
these deals would never fly.

And, there is a remarkable similarity in the people involved in nurturing these
affordable housing projects around the country.  These housing advocates, like
Gail Stilley of Harts Community Development, Inc. or Almetra Franklin of St.
Mary's CAA, make deals work through their passionate commitment long after other
people would have given up.  And no matter what their cultural backgrounds, it's
clear to me from visiting all these places that all Americans need decent
housing and respond to having it in remarkable ways.  The people I visited were
all the same, despite being European-American, African-American,
Hispanic-American, or American Indian.  Their needs and wants were the same -- a
decent place to provide a foundation for a decent life, a place for their
children to grow.

Most of all I'll remember, from this long journey of mine this year, the faces
of the children I saw and their bright energy, growing up a little better than
they would have otherwise.  Children are the least-protected people in our
society, the most exposed to poverty and misery, and they have the most to lose
by living in circumstances that will blight the contributions they could make to
our society.  Lenders who help house these children well are well entitled to
feel a little special glow this holiday season.

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 1998 Faulkner & Gray


                             640 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   January 30, 1992, Thursday, Final Edition

Tables, Charts, Smoke and Mirrors -- Annual Budget Process Begins;
AGRICULTURE and INTERIOR;
Proposing a Food Stamp Reserve

Tom Kenworthy

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A21; THE FEDERAL PAGE

LENGTH: 261 words


President Bush said in his State of the Union message that the recession "will
not stand," but deep inside the Agriculture Department budget the administration
is hedging its bets with a $ 5.3 billion "benefit reserve" in the Food Stamp
program in case of "unanticipated program growth."

Overall, Agriculture Department outlays for fiscal 1993 would decrease by about
$ 2.4 billion, to $ 59.4 billion. Much of the reduction comes from a continued
shift away from direct farm, rural housing and rural electrification loans to
loan guarantee programs. Small community and rural development funding would
fall from $ 6.6 billion to $ 4.1 billion.

Spending on the Women, Infants and Children (WIC) supplemental food program
would increase from $ 2.6 billion to $ 2.8 billion.

Under Bush's plan, the Interior Department would see an overall decrease in
outlays of $ 394 million, to $ 8.8 billion. Park and wildlife programs would do
generally better while the Bureau of Reclamation would see about a 30 percent
reduction.

Spending on the "Legacy '99" program, designed to improve upkeep of parks,
wildlife refuges and other Interior Department properties, would increase by
about $ 50 million, including a $ 6.5 million expenditure for renovation of the
Kennedy Center's parking garage.

The budget would also increase spending for land acquisition, including
significant Civil War battle sites, and create an "America the Beautiful
Passport," which for $ 30 would admit people to any recreation area managed by
the Interior and Agriculture departments.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1992 The Washington Post


                             641 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



           Hart County's Newspaper News-Herald (Horse Cave, Kentucky)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                December 5, 2013

Provisions of Bonnieville Tile and Drainage Grant to protect Indiana Bat Habitat

BYLINE: Hart Countys News-Herald staff

LENGTH: 643  words


The Bonnieville City Council met Monday night and discussed updates to their
$393,000 tile and drainage grant. The grant, originally scheduled to be
completed by the end of this month, has been extended because of an ecological
review that was conducted once some of the original drainage sites were changed.
The Council will sign a Memorandum of Agreement with Fish and Wildlife who will
be undertaking a mitigation response to trees in the impacted area which are
potential habitat for Indiana Gray Bats. Staff from Fish and Wildlife will use
up to $1000 of the grant funds for remediation which could include planting
additional trees.

Three locations still require work which will likely be postponed until next
spring. Two of the sites are on Creek Road and the other is at Jefferson Park
just southwest of 31-W at Bacon Creek.

HOUSING ASSISTANCE GRANTS

Tad Long of Kentucky League of Cities told the.Council about potential grant
funds for housing assistance in Bonnieville. Long recommended that the city
apply to become a part of the Kentucky Housing Corporation and participate in
the Gap Financing Pool which offers financial assistance to income eligible
homeowners to bring homes up to code. Long explained that 'forgivable' loans
ranging from $10,000 to $40,000 are available but only for homeowners meeting
income restrictions and willing to sign a deed restriction agreeing that the
home will be their principal residence for at least the next ten years.

The Council voted to authorize Long to prepare the application for the city to
join the Kentucky Housing Corporation and to participate in the Gap Financing
Pool. Long stipulated that KLC would not be charging for preparing and
submitting the application. He suggested that once Bonnieville is enrolled and
participating in the Gap Financing Program that KLC could help administer the
program in Bonnieville for the first six months so that "the program gets up and
running on solid footing and so that citizens who need help can receive that at
minimal cost," Long said.

Long also said, "If you look at your Strategic Plan, now you're down to the
things that are difficult and long range-creating jobs and housing development."

Long said he would have something to present to the council at their January
meeting.

WATER ISSUES

Barry Back from Kenvirons Consultants spoke to council members about the
Bonnieville Water System. Back has worked in Bonnieville as part of a Division
of Water and Rural Community Assistance capacity building grant to assist with
mapping water lines and leak detection.

Back said that water leakage for the Bonnieville system was down to 17% with 15%
being the industry accepted level. "For a 250 customer system, that's about four
to five gallons of water per minute or minimal loss." Back stated.

Council member Sherman Bowman announced that he and Mayor Denis Edwards will be
attending the Water Council meeting at the BRADD office this week. Water and
sewer projects requiring funding will be regionally ranked at that meeting.

Mayor Edwards explained that Bonnieville had two priority projects. "Extending
sewer lines to our annexed areas is our number one priority," Edwards said. The
city also wants to put in new water lines to eliminate the need for the existing
cement-asbestos water lines.

Vaughn Williams, president of Kenvirons, addressed the council about natural
gas. "Atmos is not ready to extend gas lines to Bonnieville at this time,"
Williams said. He explained that industry and business is usually the driver for
gas line extensions rather than residential customers.

CITIZENS' REQUESTS

Melissa Stinson requested a copy of the current financial report. When Stinson
asked if Bonnieville accounts were ever audited, she was told the city received
a biennial audit. The most recent audit was presented in January of 2008 by
Gilbert and Gilbert for 2006-2007.

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HCN

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
               Copyright 2013 Hart County's Newspaper News-Herald


                             642 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                              March 3, 2006 Friday

Just needs a little curb appeal

BYLINE: AARON SHAROCKMAN

SECTION: NORTH PINELLAS TIMES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 596 words

DATELINE: CLEARWATER


In front of a rusted-out warehouse, on trampled reeds and soggy soil, Clearwater
officials this week promised something better for this neglected place.

The dirt beneath the old Clearwater Automotive junkyard, along south Martin
Luther King Avenue east of downtown, is contaminated with petroleum and metals,
the result of the industrial work performed there for years.

But the polluted dirt will be dug up, and the corroded buildings will be
removed. And city officials hope that the 3.5 acres will bustle with families in
new homes.

At least that's the dream for what was once a salvage yard, that also had been a
dry cleaners and even a metal foundry.

Soon, the land will be the site of an affordable housing development.

Demolition crews Wednesday opened a 20-foot-wide hole in the old warehouse with
just six strokes from a back hoe Wednesday, marking the first visible step in
the city's transformation of the former junkyard.

"We're changing the fabric of downtown," said Mayor Frank Hibbard at a morning
demolition party attended by more than 50 city, state and federal officials.
"This is a marvelous day. A day we turn the corner on another property."

It's not yet known how many homes will be built on the property, almost a full
city block between Martin Luther King and Washington avenues and Gould and
Pierce streets. Nor is it certain how many homes will be classified as
affordable housing or if the final product will include commercial or retail
space.

City officials acquired the land in 2003 and, in partnership with state and
federal officials, received a $350,000 loan to rehabilitate the site. That work
should be complete in a year.

Then city officials plan to approach developers for ideas to redevelop the
property. It's the hallmark of the state's brownfields program, the success of
which already has been seen throughout Clearwater:

Abandoned gas stations became the Willa Carson Health Resource Center in North
Greenwood. Junkyard banks on Stevenson Creek were turned into the city's
Northwest Fire Station. The site of an old automotive dealership on Fort
Harrison Avenue became a Publix supermarket.

So far, 75 restorations have been completed in the city's 1,100-acre designated
brownfields area. All the sites aren't polluted, but the designation helps
secure state and federal loans and grants for redevelopment.

"It's making something out of nothing. Or something out of the little bit that
you have," said John Sego, brownfields coordinator for the southwest district of
the Florida Department of Environmental Protection.

Clearwater took ownership of the Clearwater Automotive site as part of a land
swap with the developers building the Clearwater Mall. Then, the Downtown
Development Board, which levies a small tax on downtown property owners, loaned
the city $48,000 to purchase a smaller piece of property adjacent to the
junkyard.

The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency has loaned the city $350,000 to conduct
the cleanup. Both debts are to be paid off when the city sells the rehabilitated
land to a developer, said Geri Campos, Clearwater economic development director.

The site should be cleared within four weeks, and the remediation of the land
could be concluded within a year.

Meanwhile, residential projects are being developed to the north, south and
west.

"When you drive by this site in the very near future, you won't be seeing rusty
buildings and hubcaps," said Miles Ballogg, a consultant with TBE Group and a
former Clearwater brownfields economic development manager. "You'll be seeing
affordable housing. And that's very rewarding."

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, SCOTT KEELER
City, state and federal officials hold a demolition party Wednesday at the
Clearwater Automotive junkyard on south Martin Luther King Avenue.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             643 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                             March 2, 2006 Thursday

ANOTHER MAN'S TREASURE;
Just needs a little curb appeal

BYLINE: AARON SHAROCKMAN

SECTION: CLEARWATER TIMES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 593 words

DATELINE: CLEARWATER


In front of a rusted-out warehouse, on trampled reeds and soggy soil, city
officials Wednesday promised something better for this neglected place.

The dirt beneath the old Clearwater Automotive junkyard, along south Martin
Luther King Avenue east of downtown, is contaminated with petroleum and metals,
the result of the industrial work performed there for years.

But the polluted dirt will be dug up, and the corroded buildings will be
removed. And city officials hope that the 3.5 acres will bustle with families in
new homes.

At least that's the dream for what was once a salvage yard, that also had been a
dry cleaners and even a metal foundry.

Soon, the land will be the site of an affordable housing development.

Demolition crews opened a 20-foot-wide hole in the old warehouse with just six
strokes from a back hoe Wednesday, marking the first visible step in the city's
transformation of the former junkyard.

"We're changing the fabric of downtown," said Mayor Frank Hibbard at a morning
demolition party attended by more than 50 city, state and federal officials.
"This is a marvelous day. A day we turn the corner on another property."

It's not yet known how many homes will be built on the property, almost a full
city block between Martin Luther King and Washington avenues and Gould and
Pierce streets. Nor is it certain how many homes will be classified as
affordable housing or if the final product will include commercial or retail
space.

City officials acquired the land in 2003 and, in partnership with state and
federal officials, received a $350,000 loan to rehabilitate the site. That work
should be complete in a year.

Then city officials plan to approach developers for ideas to redevelop the
property. It's the hallmark of the state's brownfields program, the success of
which already has been seen throughout Clearwater:

Abandoned gas stations became the Willa Carson Health Resource Center in North
Greenwood. Junkyard banks on Stevenson Creek were turned into the city's
Northwest Fire Station. The site of an old automotive dealership on Fort
Harrison Avenue became a Publix supermarket.

So far, 75 restorations have been completed in the city's 1,100-acre designated
brownfields area. All the sites aren't polluted, but the designation helps
secure state and federal loans and grants for redevelopment.

"It's making something out of nothing. Or something out of the little bit that
you have," said John Sego, brownfields coordinator for the southwest district of
the Florida Department of Environmental Protection.

Clearwater took ownership of the Clearwater Automotive site as part of a land
swap with the developers building the Clearwater Mall. Then, the Downtown
Development Board, which levies a small tax on downtown property owners, loaned
the city $48,000 to purchase a smaller piece of property adjacent to the
junkyard.

The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency has loaned the city $350,000 to conduct
the cleanup. Both debts are to be paid off when the city sells the rehabilitated
land to a developer, said Geri Campos, Clearwater economic development director.

The site should be cleared within four weeks, and the remediation of the land
could be concluded within a year.

Meanwhile, residential projects are being developed to the north, south and
west.

"When you drive by this site in the very near future, you won't be seeing rusty
buildings and hubcaps," said Miles Ballogg, a consultant with TBE Group and a
former Clearwater brownfields economic development manager. "You'll be seeing
affordable housing. And that's very rewarding."

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, SCOTT KEELER
City, state and federal officials hold a demolition party at the Clearwater
Automotive junkyard on south Martin Luther King Avenue.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             644 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                          September 30, 2004 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Panel keeps waterworks plan afloat;
Railroad balks at crossing construction; coming winter concerns city

BYLINE: ABIGAIL CURTIS OF THE NEWS STAFF

SECTION: Pg. B3

LENGTH: 438 words

DATELINE: BANGOR


Even though the Shaw House's proposed 35-unit affordable housing complex, to be
located at the Bangor Waterworks site, has been temporarily derailed by Maine
Central Railroad, the Bangor City Council is planning to stick with the proposal
for another year.

The Council's Business and Economic Development Committee members voted
unanimously to back the $6 million plan at Wednesday night's workshop held at
the City Council chambers.

Holding up the project is the railroad company's refusal to allow construction
of a railroad crossing.

"The only way onto the site is to cross the railroad tracks," Shaw House
Executive Director Douglas Bouchard said Wednesday. "[The Department of
Transportation] gave us the right to do that, but the railroad sued DOT."

The matter will be considered by the Maine Supreme Judicial Court on Oct. 19.

"The Shaw House hasn't blinked," Bouchard said. "We're here and stable."

He said that the state, city of Bangor, and federal loan money are all staying
with the project - for now.

One concern mentioned is whether the dilapidated Waterworks structure can last
another winter season.

"We are hoping to simply support the structure while this legal farce plays
out," Bouchard said.

Councilors wondered if Guilford Industries, which owns the railroad, has taken
issue with the fact that the proposed housing complex is for low-income
residents.

Bouchard said that three similar railroad crossings have been approved with no
problems by Guilford Industries within the last 10 years or so. To his
knowledge, the Shaw House proposal is the only one to be challenged in the
courts.

No representative of the railroad was present at the meeting. An attempt to
contact the railroad Wednesday evening was unsuccessful.

In other business, councilors heard from Realty Resources, a development group
that has proposed an affordable housing development near Essex Street on
property owned by Bangor International Airport.

The councilors discussed parking and traffic problems potentially generated by
the complex, tax revenue the property would generate, the project's funding, and
investment loans the city may make to the endeavor so that it may be built.

"This plan as prepared would probably meet our requirements for a high-density
development," City Manager Ed Barrett said. "The next best step is to meet as a
group to come up with an alternative plan that addresses density and traffic
issues."

The project is located in an area now zoned for low-density development, Barrett
said.

The project, with an estimated tax valuation of $1,500,000, would generate
$34,000 in property tax its first year under current tax rates.

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2004 Bangor Daily News


                             645 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               The Times (London)

                             January 9, 2015 Friday
                                   Edition 2;
                                National Edition

Tens of thousands of homes in brownfield building boom

BYLINE: Jill Sherman

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 583 words


Tens of thousands of new homes are to be fast-tracked across the country, the
government has announced.

A shortlist of 29 new housing zones - including several in the north and
Midlands - has been published, with proposals of up to 2,000 homes per scheme
although larger sites are being considered. Twenty large-scale zones have
already been proposed in London by Boris Johnson.

The first ten housing zones outside the capital will be chosen in the coming
weeks. Brandon Lewis, the housing minister, said they would share a £200 million
pot to help with infrastructure. All the schemes - a mix of social and market
housing - will be on brownfield sites. Some will be on public land released by
the closure of hospitals, schools and military sites.

Councils will ensure that planning permission is fast-tracked so that developers
can start clearing sites.

The builders will be entitled to loans from the fund to clean up the land and
start setting up infrastructure such as roads and utility lines. In some cases
developers may also get funds to build schools and community services.

However, many of the schemes are bound to attract opposition from local
residents who do not want housing estates on their doorsteps. Plans for
largescale eco-towns were heavily resisted under the last Labour government.

George Osborne said that a key part of the government's economic plan was to
build more homes. Housing experts claim that at least 250,000 extra homes are
needed each year to cope with demographic growth. In recent years less than half
that number has been built.

"I'm delighted to announce the areas shortlisted to become the first housing
zones in England, which as part of a wider package of measures will help deliver
up to 200,000 new homes on brownfield land," said the chancellor.

Officials said that most of the housing zones would be between 750 and 2,000
homes, but larger schemes are not ruled out. Mr Lewis said: "The ten that are
finally chosen will have the chance to build homes for local communities while
continuing to protect the green belt."

Mr Osborne said last year that there was enough brownfield land for 200,000 new
homes by 2020. He has already announced proposals to ensure that 90 per cent of
this land has planning permission. Councils will be able to use local
development orders to set out the amount and type of housing that can be built
on the sites.

The Campaign to Protect Rural England welcomed the scheme but said that land was
continually being removed from green belt in local plans so that it could be
built upon at a later date. "Worthy brownfield projects should not hide the fact
that the green belt is still under threat in many areas," said Paul Miner, its
campaign manager.

The shortlisted councils are: Thurrock, Hertsmere, Guildford, Babergh and
Mid-Suffolk, West Lindsey, Dudley, Sandwell, Stoke, Derby, Gedling, Bassetlaw,
Wakefield, North East Lincolnshire, York, Barnsley, Gateshead, Sheffield,
Preston, Blackburn with Darwen, Wirral, Bristol, East Hampshire, North Somerset,
Tewkesbury, Sedgemoor, Poole, Bath and North Somerset, and Gloucester.

? The end of 2014 saw the slowest pace of house price growth in a year. The
average price of a home crept up by 7.8 per cent in the 12 months to December to
£188,858, according to the Halifax, whose index is based on its mortgage book.
House price growth peaked at 10.2 per cent in July and December's pace of annual
expansion was the slowest since last January. On a monthly basis it was 0.9 per
cent higher.

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TIM


                    Copyright 2015 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             646 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Herald (Harare)

                             June 23, 2011 Thursday

Residents Soak in Tears of Despair

BYLINE: Fortious Nhambura

LENGTH: 1121  words


Entering Chitungwiza along Chitungwiza Road, one is greeted by a stench from
sewage overflowing in parts of Manyame Park.

The stench worsens as you get to Chigovanyika Shopping Centre. Near the shopping
centre, another phenomenon starts.

Motorists are forced to swerve to avoid potholes that have now been nicknamed
"drumholes" because they have grown very big.

Drivers have to thank the heavens that we are in the dry season and they can
avoid the potholes with less difficulty.

Women carrying 20-litre buckets line the streets ferrying water for domestic use
as the area is always without water.

Every street corner has become a dumping site as the municipality seems to have
forgotten it last collected refuse.

It's a sorry sight for residents who have to endure seeing disused diapers,
sanitary pads, rotting food leftovers and rumble cleared from construction
sites.

The problems have persisted in Chitungwiza unabated that it has now become
synonymous with the municipality.

As such, over the years residents have been forced to endure this pungent smell,
erratic water supply and uncollected garbage on a daily basis while complains to
the town authorities have fallen on deaf ears.

Even protests over poor service delivery have failed to yield positive results.

Adamantly, the council has entered into deals that do not benefit ratepayers but
meant to enrich the few in managerial positions.

Recently, the municipality issued loans to senior management amounting to US$45
000 at the expense of the residents' demands for improved services.

Beneficiaries of the loans include town clerk Mr Godfrey Tanyanyiwa, chamber
secretary Omega Mugumbate, director of engineering Engineer Alfonse Tinofa,
director housing Jemina Gumbo and acting finance director Mr Titus Mudzidzi.

Residents say, the municipality well known for parceling residential and
commercial land for peanuts to councillors and management, is taking them for a
ride should be reminded of their duty - provide service to the people.

Chairperson of Chitungwiza Residents Association Mr Wilson Makomba said it was
unfortunate that council was opting to give top management loans when the
workers are still owed millions of dollars in unpaid wages.

He said it was cruel that the management was giving itself massive perks while
the service delivery system is in shambles.

"As an association we have sought audience with the council since 2008 over the
establishment of infill stands and they have not come back to us.

"We feel the council is taking us for ride and needs to be reminded their
mandate. Money collected from rates should be used to improve service delivery
in the municipality and not to enrich a few individuals in managerial positions.

"What do they need that money for when recently they acquired luxury cars. Why
is it important they get money as loans when the council is struggling to secure
enough water from Harare and improving the road network?

"Is this not ironic that the city fathers can advance themselves loans when they
can not raise money to pay for the release of council property attached for
failing to service loans," he said.

Mrs Tariro Shirichena of St Marys said it is such misdirected policies that show
that the town council does not value the wishes of residents and its workers.

They also felt the town council was failing to do justice to the rates it was
charging residents and they would be forced to consider boycotting paying
service fees until a time the town start delivering a service.

"We are tired of this management that has seen the council reduce the town to a
shadow of its former self.

"Roads are littered with potholes, running water is erratic while collection of
garbage has never been consistent but the management wants to be given perks for
such a shoddy job.

"Our councillors have neglected us as they have joined the gravy train. As such
we cannot expect them to whip management into line as they have swallowed the
hook, line and sinker. They are using their time in council to enrich
themselves.

"We therefore are appealing to the Ministry of Local Government, Rural and Urban
Development to exert pressure on the management and ensure that it prioritises
service delivery," she said.

Raw sewage led to multiple diarrhoea outbreaks including the 2008-9 cholera
outbreak that claimed thousands in the town.

The council that is also notorious with corruption has seen a number of mayors
being fired for illegal land deals and abuse of council property.

Councillors and management voted to allow infills in the town suburbs leading to
areas meant as breathing spaces and for recreation being turn into residential
areas.

Another resident of Seke Unit L Ms Salome Matiza said council was on a looting
spree.

"We are aware that the two main political parties are battling for Chitungwiza
and efforts to seek redress have been misconstrued as political.

"Minister of Local Government, Rural and Urban Development, Dr Ignatius Chombo
should move in to restore order," Mrs Matiza said.

She said plans to rebuild lost image that saw top management going to a retreat
in Kariba were meaningless.

Despite the luxuries being provided for the council officials, authority is
battling to pay its workers with salary areas running into millions of dollars.

A beneficiary of the Nyatsime Housing Scheme, that has gone for over three
without meaningful development, said Chitungwiza was eager to make money and not
improve on service delivery.

"I feel the project was a money-spinning venture meant to raise money to pay
workers during the harsh economic era.

"When we acquired these stands we were told that we would commence construction
by end of 2008 but until now positions continue to change like weather.

The municipality has since asked us to top up the payments in US dollars -
because the money was eroded by inflation - when we know that the money was used
to settle council debts and pay worker during that period.

"Other phases in projects have been introduced, with people paying in US dollars
but still there is nothing going on.

"This clearly shows that the council is not taking residents seriously and needs
to be reminded of its duty."

Experts in land development said it would be very difficult for the town to
address service delivery as it has let the situation to slide back this much.

"With such a work ethic where do Chitungwiza Town Council think they will get
serious investors to partner it in development of residential stands.

"It is risk for any financier when he is aware that the finance administration
system municipality's leaks like a sieve."

He said the financially hamstrung institution needed to clean itself of this
face of corruption and starts owning up to its promises before they can think of
courting investors.

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             647 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sparta News-Plaindealer (Illinois)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            April 16, 2008 Wednesday

Sparta awards water plant bid

BYLINE: Sparta News-Plaindealer, Sparta, Ill.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 787 words


Apr. 16--The Sparta City Council Monday awarded bids for construction of a new
city water plant and the demolition of buildings on North Market.

The council approved the bid of $8,954,000 from Plocher Construction Co. for a
new city water plant, pending approval from the Rural Development Authority.
Rural Development is providing a loan for the project.

Mayor Rob Link also said the city needs a minimum of $500,000 trimmed from the
project, which was over the engineer's estimate of $6.6 million.

City officials have been meeting with Scott Plocher of Plocher Construction and
Brian Buchheit, engineer from Henry, Meisenheimer & Gende, since the bids were
opened Feb. 13.

Link suggested removing from the bid the demolition of the old water plant,
estimated at $100,000. He also suggested trimming another $90,000 for asphalt
and chipping to the entrance and parking area for the plant.

He asked about $48,000 for site work.

Buchheit said the contractor was raising the elevation of the plant 3 feet to
level the site.

Plocher said the work would cause a steeper slope from the road, but the
entrance would be at ground elevation.

Link said the project would include a generator for stand-by electricity.

He said the city had applied for a $900,0000 grant to try to meet the financing
shortfall for the project.

He said the city also hoped to have increases in water usage to generate
revenues. They also hoped current market conditions would allow creative
financing for funding the project.

Buchheit said if the bond issue proceeds on schedule, construction could start
in June or July.

The council also accepted the low bid of $59,000 from Carl Bannister Excavating
for demolition of the DeLyn, Benson's and Andrew's Furniture buildings on the
100 block of South Market.

City Councilman Gary Stephens asked about asbestos abatement.

At the time the bids were prepared, the inspector felt asbestos abatement would
be minimal.

Code Enforcement Officer Rob Soderlund said the inspector has prepared new
figures based on pipe wrap in the Benson's building, joint compounds in Andrew's
and other asbestos.

The asbestos abatement could be $500 to $1,500 at the DeLyn's building, $8,000
to $15,000 at the Benson building and $15,000 to $25,000 at the Andrew's
Furniture building.

The demolition bids do not cover those asbestos abatement figures.

Link asked Soderlund to arrange a meeting with the inspector to go over the
abatement needs.

He said the city should take possession of the Benson building by May 1. The
owners had requested a June 1 turnover to remove some wood floors, copper pipe
and other materials.

Link said the demolition bids were based on the contractor's ability to market
some of those items.

City Attorney Alan Farris said the city was in position to take over the
Andrew's building. It was up to the current owners to obtain a court order to
stop proceedings.

Link asked for utilities on the buildings to be disconnected May 1-3, with
demolition to start May 5.

The demolition costs will be covered by TIF funds.

City Councilwoman Linda Boston said the citywide clean-up for Sparta residents
will be held from 6 a.m.-noon on Saturday, May 17. Items will be brought to the
CWI transfer station in Eden. Anyone bringing items must show proof of
residency.

Volunteers are needed. Senior citizens and persons with disabilities can arrange
for pick-ups by calling city hall.

She said the clean-up committee will be meeting May 13 to finalize plans.

City Councilman Gary Stephens said Citizens Bank has taken over the Briarwood
Inn.

Stephens said bank officials said the motel would continue to operate. He said
it was expected to be full over the next ten days. Stephens also said bank
officials assured the city the hotel-motel tax will be paid on time.

City Attorney Alan Farris reported he has filed for a dismissal of a lawsuit
filed by S & L Concrete Resurfacing LLC for payment on work at the Sparta
Municipal Pool. S & L sued the city and Haier Plumbing & Heating, the general
contractor on the project.

Due to problems with the concrete resurfacing of the pool, it opened late last
year.

Farris said the lien filed by S & L was after the deadline.

Link said he would be meeting with parents of swim team members Wednesday to
discuss fees associated with the YMCA operation of the pool.

To see more of Sparta News-Plaindealer or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://egyptian.net/~leftypen/plain.htm. Copyright (c) 2008, Sparta
News-Plaindealer, Sparta, Ill. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services. For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call
800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The
Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080416-SI-WATER-PLANT-20080416

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SI


                     Copyright 2008 Sparta News-Plaindealer


                             648 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Blackmore Vale Magazine

                              May 23, 2014 Friday

New moves to address the shortage of affordable housing in the countryside

SECTION: FEATURES:PROPERTY; Pg. 126

LENGTH: 303  words


Historically, the rural estate or farm was a provider of affordable housing for
many, if not all, of its employees.

However, while many farms and estates today employ fewer people there is a real
need for affordable homes in the countryside.

Savills director Simon Peck advocates that landowners should be allowed to
establish themselves as a registered provider of affordable housing.

This allows them to set up small developments on land they own and keep the
affordable housing, rather than selling it on to a traditional housing
association.

That way they retain some control of the development including site management.

An example of this could be an estate that has entered into a contract on one
piece of land for a private development for sale, while using another piece of
land to meet the Section 106 commitment.

The estate could then  be registered as a For Profit Registered Provider and
would retain ownership and management of the rented properties through the
provider.

The rental income would cover the loan costs as well as the management and
maintenance, and could provide additional asset cover for future borrowing and
investment, years down the line.

Social housing, however, is not a straightforward investment.

There are plenty of regulatory requirements and certain behavioural
expectations, but for those ready to take it on, particularly those who already
manage private rented housing stock, it can offer an attractive investment,
albeit a long-term one.

In the past Savills has called for landowners to be incentivised via taxation,
specifically, suggesting that the provision of affordable housing, designated
for 60 years, could be given the advantages of Business Property Relief for
Inheritance Tax and Capital Gains Tax.

This theme is featured in the Savills spring 2014 issue of Aspects of Land.

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2014 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved


                             649 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Penrith Press (Tuesday) (Australia)

                           February 17, 2009 Tuesday
                                 1 - MB Edition

Estate no `death trap' Developer hits at safety claims

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 329  words


Developer hits at safety claims

DEVELOPERS have hit back at conservationists' claims that homes to be built in
bushland at St Marys would become a ``death trap'' similar to those devastated
by the Victorian bushfires.

Residents Action Group convenor Geoff Brown has accused developer Delfin Lend
Lease of ``putting lives at risk'' by going ahead with plans to build 1000 homes
in a bush-ringed section of the site known as the central precinct.

``It's an absolute fire trap with one road in and one road out,'' Mr Brown said.
``If the regional park catches alight, there's nowhere to go.''

The residents' group, which has long-opposed plans to clear portions of
the1500ha site for residential development, said it would be ``criminal'' if NSW
planning minister Kristina Keneally allowed the development to proceed.

Mr Brown called on Ms Keneally to urgently re-assess the plans and rule out
access to the housing estate through bushland.

Delfin Lend Lease's Arthur Illias rejected Mr Brown's claims and criticised his
attempt to link the housing development to the bushfire tragedy.

``It's appalling that (they are) using the tragic events of this week to promote
their opposition to the project,'' Mr Illias said.

Mr Illias said in addition to an existing east-west access road running through
the site, a planned bus and pedestrian road could also be used by residents
during an emergency.

Mr Illias said the Rural Fire Service was ``comfortable'' with the developer's
bushfire assessment, which included building standards and a 30m bush clearance
protection zone.

But Mr Brown said the clearance zone would do nothing to protect homes from fire
and ember attack.

A spokesman for Ms Keneally said the department was currently assessing land use
within the site.

Responsibility for approving development at the site fell to Penrith Council,
the spokesman said.

Assessment of any development proposals would need to consider the State
Government's bushfire protection guidelines, he said.

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PPG


                   Copyright 2009 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             650 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Vanguard (Lagos)

                               February 04, 2014

Lagos Developer Partners TUC to Build 100,000-Unit Workers' Estates

BYLINE: Jude Njoku

LENGTH: 575 words


ROCK of Ages Properties Limited, a subsidiary of Chicason Group, in
collaboration with Trade Union Congress, (the umbrella body for senior public
and private sector workers in the country), will on Thursday in Abuja, flag off
the construction of 20,000 housing units under the United Workers Housing
Scheme. The scheme is targeted at building 100,000 units of affordable housing
in all the 36 states and Abuja.

The flag-off ceremony which is expected to be graced by FCT Minister, Senator
Bala Mohammed and his Labour counterpart, Chief Emeka Nwogu, will hold at Women
Development Centre in the FCT.

Disclosing these facts to newsmen last weekend, the Executive Director of
Chicason Group, Mr Chux Adike explained that the public private partnership, PPP
scheme would provide affordable housing across the country for the benefit of
senior public and private sectors. Adike explained that the two sites selected
to flag off the scheme in Abuja are located along Airport Road, very close to
AMAC estate in Lugbe and Deidei.

The Airport Road site measuring over 600 hectares is about seven minutes drive
to the city gate while the over 300 hectares site at Deidei is about 12 minutes
drive to Maitama. Adike described the estates as a kind of social housing
schemes because the government is providing the land at very subsidised rates
while long-term mortgage loans would be given to the subscribers.

"The interesting thing about the project is that apart from us as the private
developers and the Trade Union Congress which is the umbrella body for senior
staff in both public and private sectors, other agencies in both public and
private sectors like the Federal Mortgage Bank of Nigeria, FMBN, the Nigeria
Mortgage Refinancing Company and the Primary Mortgage firms are queuing into the
project.

The dynamics of the project is that the house types range from two-bedroom
semi-detached bungalows to two-bedroom apartment block, three bedroom detached
bungalows, three bedroom semi-detached bungalows, three bedroom apartment block,
three bedroom terrace houses, four bedroom terrace apartment and four-bedroom
semi-detached houses. The buildings will be tastefully finished. " he said.

Prominent facilities to be provided in the gated estates include centralised
water supply system, tarred roads, walkways and drainage channels, ample parking
spaces, street lights, schools, recreation facilities, power supply and markets.

On what the subscribers stand to gain from the scheme, Mr Adike said the land
has been subsidised by the government hence the value of each house is less than
what obtains in the property market today. "For a contributor to the National
Housing Fund, NFH and who also has a retirement savings account, that is, he is
a pensions fund contributor, all he need to do is to pick up our application
form for N10,000, fulfil the application formalities and we do our verifications
and give him a provisional offer which would require him to pay just between 10
and 20 percent of the cost of the house depending on the house type.

If the cost of the house is 18 million Naira, because land has been subsidised,
the price may come down to N9 million. He (subscriber) will pay 10 percent, that
is 900,000 Naira which is less than the annual rent he pays in a good satellite
town, not even in the city as annual rent, to own an apartment for life. On
subscription, we group them into batches and the mortgage banks will now package
the mortgages.

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             651 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                            Berwickshire Advertiser

                                 July 14, 2005

Housing boost for first time buyers

LENGTH: 523 words


A JOINT project between Berwickshire Housing Association and Communities
Scotland is making four new houses available to first time buyers who would
otherwise be unable to compete in the housing market.

The 2/3 bedroom houses at Erskine Road South, Chirnside, will be available to
local people for sale at cost and the potential buyers will be able to apply for
Rural Home Ownership Grants from Communities Scotland to help them purchase the
properties.

Berwickshire Housing Association's chief executive, Philip Jones said: 'We are
delighted to be working with Communities Scotland to give local people a better
chance to make their first step onto the property ladder in Berwickshire. We
hope that this pilot project with Communities Scotland will help make home
ownership more affordable for people in the area.'

The Rural Home Ownership Grant is calculated by Communities Scotland according
to individual circumstances and is generally around a third of the total house
price (in this case £91,450 for the two bedroom houses and £96,725 for the three
bedroom houses) grants of between £10,000 to £20,000 being typical.

Those who are eligible to apply for the houses and associated grants include
people living locally and in employment. Pensioners and those unfit to work
through ill health may also qualify for a grant to help them buy one of the
houses if they can prove they have lived in the area for at least a year and
have family or local connections. Applicants need to prove they could not afford
to buy a starter home without such a grant but that they can afford to get a
mortgage to cover the remaining cost of the house after the level of grant has
been decided.

The Berwickshire Housing Association houses included in this pilot project will
be ready for spring 2006 giving potential buyers time to apply for the grant.
They have electric and passive solar heating, super-insulation incorporating
breathing wall technology, on-site parking and gardens.

Communities Scotland's director of investment, Caroline Oatway, said: "The
Scottish Executive wants Scotland to be a place where everyone can create a
successful, sustainable and healthy life for themselves, their family and their
community. In support of this aim, Communities Scotland has made approximately
£123,000 available to families from the Chirnside area to enable them to meet
their housing needs or aspirations within their own community.'

The average cost of buying a house in the Borders rose by 20% to £139,000 and
with the average income being around £18,000 many people are excluded from the
property market and have to relocate out of the area to find better paid jobs
and more affordable housing. Schemes like this one at Chirnside are trying to
redress that balance.

More details about Rural Ownership Grants can be obtained by contacing Gordon
Liddle at Communities Scotland (telephone 0131 479 8819 or email
gordon.liddle@communitiesscotland.gsi.gov.uk).

For a property schedule of the Erskine Rod houses contact Berwickshire Housing
Association on 01361 or visit their website at www.b-h-a.org.uk

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 2005

LANGUAGE: English

                      © Copyright 2005 Johnston Press Plc


                             652 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 3, 2014 Tuesday

Agriculture, Rural Housing Service: LOAN SPECLST (RLTY) (Single Family Housing
Program Director) LA-2014-0017

LENGTH: 3143  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of Personnel Management has issued the following job announcement:

Job Title:LOAN SPECLST (RLTY) (Single Family Housing Program Director)

Department:Department Of Agriculture

Agency:Agriculture, Rural Housing Service

Job Announcement Number:LA-2014-0017
SALARY RANGE:
 $69,497.00 to $107,434.00 / Per Year
OPEN PERIOD:
 Monday, June 02, 2014 to Monday, June 09, 2014
SERIES & GRADE:
 GS-1165-12/13
POSITION INFORMATION:
 Full-Time - Permanent
PROMOTION POTENTIAL:
13
DUTY LOCATIONS:
 1 vacancy in the following location:
Alexandria, LA View Map
WHO MAY APPLY:
 Applications will be accepted only from current career/career-conditional
Louisiana USDA Rural Development employees and current USDA CTAP eligibles
within the local commuting area of the position.
SECURITY CLEARANCE:
 Public Trust - Background Investigation
SUPERVISORY STATUS:
 Yes
JOB SUMMARY:

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural Development Agency serves rural
communities throughout the country by investing in their communities through
housing and utility infrastructure, by increasing economic opportunity, and by
improving the quality of life for all rural Americans.  Rural Development
provides over 40 loan and grant programs in the Rural Housing and Community
Facilities Services, Rural Business and Cooperative Services, and Rural
Utilities Service. Rural Development supports a positive work environment and
promotes diversity and inclusion for nearly 5,000 employees.

Rural Development is a dynamic organization recruiting for employees who possess
the energy, compassion, and commitment to serve those in rural communities and
will enjoy working in a fast paced and results driven organization.  Our
commitment is to expand economic opportunity and quality of life in all of rural
America by providing financial programs to support essential public facilities
and services such as water and sewer systems, housing, health clinics, emergency
service facilities and electric and telephone service.  Rural Development offers
a friendly and professional working environment and such excellent benefits as:
a generous salary, alternative work schedules, paid vacation and sick leave,
paid holidays, retirement and supplemental savings plan, a wide array of health,
dental, vision, and life insurance plans, flexible spending accounts, and
long-term care insurance.

Full-time - Permanent
TRAVEL REQUIRED

Occasional Travel
    Occasional travel may be required.

RELOCATION AUTHORIZED

No

KEY REQUIREMENTS

US Citizenship is required.
    Selective Service Registration is required for males born after 12/31/1959.

    A 1-year probationary period is required.
    Time in grade must be met by the closing date of this announcement.
    Relocation expenses will not be paid.
    Must submit Form OGE 450 within 30 days of appointment.

DUTIES:
Back to top

This is a supervisory position. Incumbent serves as a key member of the State
Director's Staff, as the Housing Program Director administering the Single
Family Housing (SFH) loan, grant and guaranteed programs. The incumbent is
primarily responsible for program direction, planning, policy development,
administration, business development and evaluation of the full scope of
activities related to the State's SFH loan making, loan servicing, and inventory
property management programs throughout the state.
QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED:
Back to top

NOTE: To be considered for this position, you must meet all qualification and
eligibility requirements for the GS-1165 series set forth in the Office of
Personnel Management (OPM) Qualifications and Standards by the closing date of
the announcement. A copy is available at
https://www.opm.gov/qualifications/index.asp.

Specialized experience is required to qualify for this position. Specialized
experience which is typically in or related to the position to be filled and
which has equipped the applicant with the particular knowledge, skills and
abilities to successfully perform the duties of the position. To be creditable,
specialized experience must have been equivalent to at least one year in the
next lower grade level in the normal line of progression for the occupation in
the organization.

For GS-12: Applicants must have 1 full-time year (12 months)of specialized
experience equivalent to at least GS-11.

Specialized experience at the GS-12 level: Ability to manage and supervise a
staff; analyze loan and grant programs; knowledge of programs, public policy
issues, and procedures as a technical expert for rural development coordination
and implementation; knowledge of economic development principles; knowledge of
socioeconomics and cultural diversification factors of rural living conditions,
social, economic, and health needs of rural families to administer programs.

GS-13: Experience providing leadership in processing, servicing, and supervising
a full range of home mortgage loans; servicing a loan portfolio of a bank or
other loan association; or similar work which provided a comprehensive knowledge
and understanding of the technicalities of mortgage financing and credit.
Experience must demonstrate use of broad and seasoned judgment in providing
financial management guidance to housing borrowers; ascertaining and analyzing
the many and often obscure facts regarding the borrower's financial capacity,
and evaluating the general economic and financial conditions that affect the
organization/government's risk in granting, guaranteeing, or insuring the loan
and participating with overall office management by providing guidance and
direction to lower level employees.


All academic degrees or course work must be completed in an educational
institution that has obtained accreditation from an accrediting body recognized
by the U.S. Department of Education.  For a list of schools that meet this
criteria, see http://www.edu.gov/.

o  Subject to satisfactory completion of a one year supervisory/managerial
probationary period
o  CONFIDENTIAL FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE REPORT: If selected, you will be required
to submit Form OGE-450 within 30 days of your initial appointment date, and
annually thereafter. Selectee is subject to financial Disclosure Requirements in
accordance with 5 CFR, Part 2635, Sub part E regarding business or personal
transactions with applicants, borrowers, or business contacts who have or who
are seeking business with this Agency. Selectee must be able to obtain and
maintain a security clearance. If selected you will be subject to a National
Agency Check and Inquiry (NACI) and a credit report.
o  Have your salary sent to a financial institution of your choice by Direct
Deposit/Electronic Funds Transfer.
o  Selectee must be able to obtain and maintain a security clearance. If
selected you may be subject to a National Agency Check and Inquiry (NACI) and a
credit report inquiry.
HOW YOU WILL BE EVALUATED:

The category rating procedure is used to rank and select eligible candidates.
Under category rating, applicants who meet basic minimum qualification
requirements established for the position and job related competencies have been
assessed are ranked by being placed in one of the following categories: Best
Qualified, Well Qualified, and Qualified. Preference eligibles are listed ahead
of non-preference eligibles within each category.
    You will be evaluated based on your qualifications for this position as
evidenced by the education, experience, and training you described in your
application package, as well as the responses to the Occupational Questionnaire
to determine the degree to which you possess the knowledge, skills, abilities
and competencies listed below:

Knowledge of Single Family Housing loan making requirements.
        Knowledge of Single Family Housing servicing requirements such as credit
counseling, security servicing, debt adjustment, inventory property or other
servicing requirements.
        Knowledge of Single Family Housing building construction standards and
costs, plans and specifications, cost estimates, and contracts and inspections.

We will review your application, including the online Occupational
Questionnaire, to ensure you meet the job requirements and assess your ability
to perform this job. Before any certificate can be issued to the selecting
official, the resume and supporting documents are reviewed by an HR Specialist
to ensure that (a) minimum qualification requirements are met and (b) the resume
supports the answers provided to the job-specific questions. Your answers will
be verified against information provided in your online resume and application.
Be sure that your resume clearly supports your responses to all the questions
addressing experience and education relevant to this position.
    Applicants who meet the basic minimum qualification requirements and are
determined to be among the best qualified candidates will be referred to the
hiring manager for consideration. Non-Competitive candidates need to meet
minimum qualification requirements to be referred.

Note: If, after reviewing your resume and / or supporting documentation, a
determination is made that you have inflated your qualifications and or
experience, your score can / will be lowered to more accurately reflect the
submitted documentation. Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or
omissions may affect your rating. Deliberate attempts to falsify information may
be grounds for not selecting you.

To view the application form, visit:
https://rhs.usda.ntis.gov/cp/?event=jobs.previewApplication&jobid=c56d7bb9-e0af-
4d98-8bb9-a33e00db664a

BENEFITS:
Back to top

You can review our benefits at:

<a
href="http://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/healthcare/enrollment/new-federal-
employee-enrollment/">http://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/healthcare/enrollm
ent/new-federal-employee-enrollment/</a>
The Federal Government offers a comprehensive benefits package.  Explore the
major benefits offered to most Federal employees at:
http://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/healthcare/enrollment/new-federal-employ
ee-enrollment/

OTHER INFORMATION:
o  Career Transition Assistance Plan(CTAP) or Interagency Career Transition
Assistance Plan (ICTAP):   If you are claiming CTAP/ICTAP eligibility, provide
proof of eligibility to include your most recent performance appraisal, SF-50,
and proof of eligibility such as a RIF separation notice or letter from OPM/your
agency.  CTAP/ICTAP eligibles will be considered well-qualified if achieving a
rating of 80 or above.  Information about CTAP/ICTAP eligibility is on OPM's
Career Transition Resources website at http://www.opm.gov/ctap/index.asp.
o  Relocation expenses are not authorized.
o  This position is eligible for telework and other flexible work arrangements.
Employee participation is at the discretion of the supervisor.
o  Persons with disabilities who require alternative means for communication of
program information (Braille, large print, audiotape, etc) should contact:
USDA's TARGET Center at 202-720-2600 (voice and TDD).
HOW TO APPLY:
Back to top

Please read the entire announcement and all the instructions before you begin.
The following instructions outline our application process.

You must complete this application process and submit all required documents
electronically by 11:59 p.m. Central Standard Time on the closing date of this
announcement.
    We are available to assist you during business hours (normally 8:00 a.m. -
4:00 p.m., Monday - Friday). Applying online is highly encouraged. If applying
online poses a hardship, please contact our office during business hours well
before the closing date for an alternate method. All hardship application
packages with supporting documents must be submitted no later than noon on the
closing date of the announcement in order to be entered into the system prior to
its closing.
    This agency provides reasonable accommodation to applicants with
disabilities on a case-by-case basis; contact us if you are requesting this.

Step 1: Create a USAJOBS account (if you do not have one) at www.usajobs.gov. It
is recommended that as part of your profile you set up automatic email
notification to be informed when the status of your application changes. If you
choose not to set up this automatic notification, then you will have to log into
your USAJOBS account to check on the status of your application.


Step 2: Create a resume with USAJOBS or upload a resume into your USAJOBS
account. Customize your resume to ensure it documents duties and accomplishments
you have gained that are directly related to this position in order to verify
that qualifications are met. Your resume must support your responses to the
online questionnaire (you may preview the online questionnaire by clicking on
the link at the end of the How You Will Be Evaluated section of the job
announcement).

Step 3: Click "Apply Online" and follow the prompts to complete the Occupational
Questionnaire and attach any additional documents that may be required.
You can update your application or documents anytime while the announcement is
open. Log into your USAJOBS account and click on "Application Status." Click on
the position title, and then select "Update Application" to continue.
NOTE: Verify that uploaded documents from USAJOBs transfer into the Agency's
staffing system. Once in the Agency's staffing system you will have the
opportunity to upload additional documents. Uploaded documents must be less than
3MB and in one of the following document formats: GIF, JPG, JPEG, PNG, RTF, PDF,
or Word (DOC or DOCX).


REQUIRED DOCUMENTS:

A resume should be provided. It should include relevant work experience
(start/end dates stated in month/year, description of duties and salary),
applicable education at a minimum, and your contact information. For current or
previous Federal employees, it should also include the Pay Plan, Series and
Grade for each work experience entry.
    For current or previous Federal employees, please attach a copy of your most
recent SF-50 or agency notification of personnel action form that provides
current position, grade level, and duty location.
    If you are a veteran claiming Veterans' Preference, please attach your
DD-214 "Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty," showing all dates
of service, receipt of medals and campaign badges, as well as character of
service (Honorable, General, etc.). The member 4 copy of your DD-214,
"Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty," is preferable.
    When applying for Federal Jobs, eligible veterans should claim preference on
their application or resume. Applicants claiming 10-point preference must
complete Standard Form (SF) 15, "Application for 10-Point Veteran Preference",
and submit the requested documentation.
    If you are a veteran claiming Sole Survivor Preference, please attach your
SSP documentation.
    Please provide a copy of your College transcript(s) which support those
qualifications for which you wish to have considered.
    Please provide your proof of disability.

A complete Application Package must be submitted and received prior to 11:59,
Central Standard Time, on the closing date. The following documents are required
for your application package to be complete. Our office cannot be responsible
for incompatible software, illegible fax transmissions, delays in the mail
service, your system failure or downtime, etc. Failure to submit required,
legible documents may result in loss of consideration.

Resume that includes the following information: 1) personal information; 2)
education; 3) work experience including the work schedule and hours worked per
week as well as dates of employment; and title, series and grade if applicable;
4) supervisor's phone number and e-mail address for each work period listed and
whether or not we may contact them for reference checks; and, 5) other
qualifications.
    College Transcripts if education is required for meeting basic
qualifications and/or used as a substitute for specialized experience. An
unofficial copy is sufficient however, if selected; an official college
transcript will be required prior to entering on duty. Education must have been
successfully completed and obtained from an accredited school, college, or
university. Foreign education must be evaluated by an approved organization. For
additional information, refer to the U.S. Department of Education web site at
http://www.ed.gov. All transcripts must be in English or include an English
translation.

Other required documents as applicable:

Current/Former Career/Career-Conditional: Most recent non-award Notification of
Personnel Action (SF-50 or equivalent) showing that you are/were in the
competitive service, highest grade (or promotion potential) held on a permanent
basis, federal status, position title, series and grade AND most recently
completed performance appraisal (dated within 18 months) showing the official
rating of record, signed by the supervisor, or a statement as to why the
performance appraisal is unavailable. Do not submit a performance plan.
    Veteran Hiring Authorities: (VEOA, VRA, and 30% Disabled Veterans): DD-214
(Member 4 Copy). Disabled veterans must include your VA letter & SF-15 if
claiming 10 pt. preference. Current active duty members must submit a
certification that they are expected to be discharged or released from active
duty under honorable conditions not later than 120 days after the date the
certification is submitted.
    CTAP/ICTAP: Certification of Expected Separation, Reduction-In-Force
Separation Notice, Notice of Proposed Removal, or appropriate OPM/Agency
certification; AND most recent performance evaluation; AND SF-50 demonstrating
your separation or the position from which you will be separated.


AGENCY CONTACT INFO:
Rachel Ross
Phone: 318-473-7620
Fax: 318-473-7963
Email: rachel.ross@la.usda.gov
Agency Information:
USDA Rural Development
3727 Government Street
Alexandria, LA,
71302
United States
Fax: 318-473-7963
WHAT TO EXPECT NEXT:
If you set up your USAJOBS account to send automatic email notifications, you
will receive an email acknowledging: 1) the submission of your online
Occupational Questionnaire and resume was successful,  2) if you were referred
to the selecting official for consideration, and  3) if you were selected or not
selected. If you choose not to set up automatic email notifications, you must
check your USAJOBS account for the latest status of your application. Your
application may be reviewed to verify that you meet the qualifications and
eligibility requirements for the position prior to issuing lists to a selecting
official. If further evaluation or interviews are required, you will be
contacted. Normally, a final job offer to the selected candidate is made within
30-60 days after the issuance of the certificate

For more information please visit: https://www.usajobs.gov/

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             653 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                October 6, 1997

Frank David's Rosebush

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 554 words


This week the Mortgage Bankers Association of America meets here in New York for
its annual convention, the biggest industry meeting of the year.  Besides the
many informational sessions and the social activities at the conference, the MBA
annual presents a good opportunity to think about what the industry is all
about.

We recently had the chance to tour some of the public housing constructed and
managed by a housing authority in rural Montana.  And what we came away with was
the image of a rosebush.

We met Frank David, and his wife, Jackie.  Frank and Jackie live in one of the
units managed by the housing authority.  To those of you who think public
housing is inner-city ghetto towers splashed with graffiti, a rural public
community can be a real eye-opener.

The units are low to the ground and nicely maintained.  The grounds are free of
liter, and there's no feeling that gunfire might break out at any moment.

We couldn't spend much time with the Davids, but Frank made it a point to bring
out and show us a rosebush he's germinating.

Frank is the on-site manager of the development as well as a tenant, and he's
growing the rosebush to plant in the common area of the units to make it look
nicer.  And that says something to us.

It says a lot about how Frank feels about the place where he lives.  It says
Frank feels at home and cares about the place where he lives.  It says he
respects the people who live around him.  You don't try to beautify a place that
has no meaning for you.  Frank's action says that as well as a rosebush, there's
a little hope growing in Frank's backyard.

We don't know much about the Davids, or the child that looked down at us from
the second story window.  We know they live in a place that has a chance to be a
good place to live.  We know that from his back porch Frank has a view of the
Mission Range of the Rocky Mountains that a Donald Trump might envy.  We know
that Frank might be a rich man, and Mr. Trump a poor one.

Private mortgage firms traditionally haven't had much to do with public housing,
which has been mainly rental, but that is going to change.  There will be
opportunities in the future for mortgage bankers to partner with public
entities, both urban and rural, as this kind of housing begins to privatize.

The Montana HA that runs Frank's unit, for instance, has gotten finance from a
local bank for student housing at the local college.  Rehab loans,
redevelopment, mortgages on individual units -- there will be opportunities to
make some money here, and perhaps to do a little good at the same time.

But even beyond the realm of affordable housing, Frank's rosebush is a potent
symbol for what this industry can, and ought to achieve.

That's hope, both personally and for society at large.  You don't put down roots
where there's no chance they'll take hold.  And the space between houses is
where a society conducts its business.

That space ought to be a safe place, where people can respect each other and
maybe a rose might bloom someday.

This industry can put people into the kinds of homes where they want the common
areas between them to be safe and beautiful places.  If that's what you do at
your shop, congratulations.  You can feel proud and happy as you gather in New
York for the most important meeting of the year.

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 1997 Faulkner & Gray


                             654 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Toronto Star

                           December 16, 2006 Saturday

CMHC recalls housing advances over 60 years

BYLINE: Theresa Boyle, Toronto Star

SECTION: NEW IN HOMES; Pg. N08

LENGTH: 592 words


Sixty years ago, 44 per cent of Canadian homes did not have an indoor flush
toilet.

Some 55 per cent did not have an installed bath or shower, and 27 per cent were
in need of major repairs.

In the six decades since, the Canada Mortgage and Housing Corporation was formed
to lead the nation's housing programs, the living conditions of Canadians have
come a long way.

Today, "cloze to zero" Canadian homes are without toilets and without baths or
showers. And only 8 per cent are in need of major repairs.

The findings are included in the Canadian Housing Observer, 2006, an annual
overview of the housing industry, released this week by the CMHC. Since this
year is the national housing agency's 60th anniversary, this edition of the
Observer includes a special feature on "60 years of housing progress in Canada."

"Significant progress has been made in improving housing conditions for
Canadians over this period. While we are among the best-housed people in the
world, there is still work to be done to ensure that all Canadians have a safe,
affordable place to call home," says CMHC president Karen Kinsley.

The report revealed that there are 12.5 million households in Canada today, up
from just under 3 million in the early 1940s.

Some 80 per cent of Canadians now live in urban centres, making Canada one of
the most urbanized countries in the world. In comparison, Canada's urban and
rural populations were almost equal at the time of the Second World War.

The increase in urban living has a direct impact on health, the report notes.

"People living in neighbourhoods that have community, employment and retail
amenities within walking distance of their homes are 2.4 times more likely to
meet their 30-minute daily exercise requirement (recommended by the Heart and
Stroke Foundation)," it reads.

The Observer also found that:

39 per cent of homes did not have piped running water in 1941 compared to close
to zero today.

61 per cent of homes were heated by stove or space heater, compared to close to
zero today.

Down payments of 60 per cent were typically required to buy a home compared to 5
per cent today.

Homes are a lot less crowded today, the report states. In 1941, there were an
average of 4.5 persons per dwelling compared to 2.6 today.

Meantime, houses are twice as big, resulting in three times as much space per
person.

While most homes had 30 to 50 amps of electrical capacity back in the 1940s,
they typically have 200 today.

The report also cited many advances in building technology. Where basement
frames, kitchen cabinets and windows used to be built on site, they are now
prefabricated. Pipes that used to be made of cast iron are now made of PVC.
Where concrete used to be mixed on site, it now comes ready mixed. Interior
walls that used to be made of lath and plaster are now made with drywall.

"The backhoe, reassembled formwork and ready-mixed concrete reduced the person
hours for basement work by 65 per cent, and cement that could be used in colder
weather extended the building season into the winter," reads the 110-page
report.

Building homes is physically less taxing than it used to be, according to the
Observer.

For example, in the early 1940s, all heavy lifting was done "on the back,"
whereas today builders use forklifts and cranes.

"Considerable relief in the backbreaking tasks of homebuilding has come from
better tools of the trade.

Power hammers, forklifts, cranes and other advances when coupled with more
stringent safety and training requirements, have had their impact on costs and
construction site injuries," it states.

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Rick Madonik toronto star file photo Housing findings are included in
the Canadian Housing Observer, 2006. The report reveals hat there are 12.5
million households in Canada today, up from just under 3 million in the early
1940s.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                  Copyright 2006 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             655 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade (Toledo, Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             June 29, 2010 Tuesday

BRIEF: Toledo City Council agrees to allow Fiberglas owners to apply for loan

BYLINE: The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 251 words


June 29--Toledo City Council voted Tuesday afternoon to allow the company that
owns the former Fiberglas Tower downtown to apply for a $10 million federal loan
to pursue plans to renovate the building into a mix of apartments, a hotel, and
a restaurant.

Council voted 10-0 to allow the Eyde Co. of Lansing to apply for the 20-year,
Section 108 loan from the federal Department of Housing and Urban Development.
It also voted 10-0 to alter the project's one-year action plan with HUD, a
necessary step in the loan process.

Councilmen Steven Steel and George Sarantou were not present.

Eyde must apply for the $10 million before a July 6 deadline.

The company is also seeking $2 million from a Brownfield Economic Development
Initiative grant, which can be used to make the interest-only payments on the
Section 108 loan during the first seven years.

Nick Eyde, whose family owns the firm, said the two financing pieces are key,
and would allow the building "to stabilize for seven years" because with the
grant, they would not have to make payments on the loan during that time.

To see more of The Blade, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.toledoblade.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Blade, Toledo, Ohio
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail services@mctinfoservices.com, or
call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States, call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20100629-TO-BRF-Toledo-City-Council-agrees-to-allow-Fiberglas-owners-to-apply-fo
r-loan-20100629

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2010 The Blade


                             656 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Record (Kitchener-Waterloo, Ontario

                             May 18, 2013 Saturday
                                 First Edition

Volunteers help 'barnraise' affordable housing project

BYLINE: Record staff

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 246 words


There was a lot of hammering Friday as 20 Mennonite volunteers held a
"barn-raising" to build the second floor of an affordable housing project.

The volunteers were experienced framers and members of the Old Colony Mennonite
Church, a sect of low-German-speaking Mennonites who came to Ontario from Latin
America, said Martin Buhr, president of MennoHomes Inc., which is building the
housing complex.

This story begins in Waterloo where a fourplex residence was donated to
MennoHomes, a Kitchener-based non-profit organization geared to providing
affordable housing.

Owners of the fourplex chose to donate the building rather than create rubble
for the landfill, Buhr said.

The building was taken apart in sections, and two storeys were taken to Elmira
where the group is reconstructing a two-storey duplex on top of a new
foundation.

Another storey was transported to David Street in the Village of Wellesley
where, on Friday, a second storey was built to create two four-bedroom units.
Occupation is slated for July.

The project will provide affordable housing for low-German-speaking Mennonites,
a group that tends to have large families and often lives in substandard housing
in rural areas, Buhr said.

The Region of Waterloo is contributing $240,000 to cover the purchase of the
land and site preparation, Buhr said.

The rest of the money will be raised through fundraising and mortgage financing.

Since 2001, MennoHomes has built 100,000 affordable housing units worth $10
million.

LOAD-DATE: May 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Metroland Media Group Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             657 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       McAlester News-Capital (Oklahoma)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              June 12, 2009 Friday

June is National Home Ownership month

BYLINE: Marketta Johnson, McAlester News-Capital, Okla.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 363 words


Jun. 12--June is National Home Ownership month. Betty Petty, office manager of
the Pittsburg County Self-Help Housing program, joined Pittsburg County
Commissioners to sign a proclamation recognizing National Home Ownership month
and the work of the Pittsburg County Self- Help Housing program.

The program began in 1980 in Latimer County. Since then the program has grown to
include Haskell, Pittsburg and LeFlore counties. Executive director of the
Latimer County Housing Authority Self-Help Housing program Janice Coplen
estimates that the program has helped more than 500 families achieve the dream
of home ownership in the four counties.

The Self-Help Housing program, funded through a grant by USDA Rural Development,
can help significantly cut the costs for families buy a new three bedroom, two
bath home. Self -Help helps these families save money by allowing the family to
provide some of the labor in building their own home. Self- Help Housing also
provides technical assistance for families participating in the program. They
help families through the process of applying for loan to finding a site to
build.

Families applying for assistance through Self-Help Housing must meet income
guidelines, have excellent credit, and meet income to debt ratio requirements.
According to Coplen, many families worry they may not qualify because they make
too much money. "You'd be surprised at the number of people who do qualify,"
Coplen said. Income guidelines have raised significantly over the past few
years.

The Self- Help Housing program currently has three houses in varying stages of
construction underway in Krebs.

For more information on the Self-Help Housing program call 918-967-3179.

Contact Marketta Johnson at mjohnson@

mcalesternews.com.

To see more of the McAlester News-Capital or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.mcalesternews.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, McAlester News-Capital,
Okla. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090612-ZO-June-is-National-Home-Ownership-month-0612

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZO


                                 Copyright 2009


                             658 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Sunday News (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                             March 21, 2010 Sunday

Government Calendar Lancaster County Planners Drug/Alcohol Authority County
Housing Authority Redevelopment Authority Lancaster Twp. Historical Commission
Lancaster Twp. Zoning Manheim Twp. Commissioners E. Hempfield Planning

BYLINE: Government Calendar

SECTION: D; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 825  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


The Lancaster County Planning Commission will meet at 3 p.m. Monday, March 22,
in the first-floor meeting rooms of the Binns Park Annex, 150 N. Queen St. Among
the agenda items:

Community planning reviews: East Lampeter Township, proposed amendment to zoning
ordinance and map to designate more than 566 acres as campus mixed use, which
would be a new zoning district; Lititz Borough, proposed Subdivision & Land
Development, and Zoning ordinances; Manor Township, proposed amendment to the
zoning ordinance that would add banks and similar financial institutions as a
permitted use in the mixed residential / commercial zone; and Penn Township,
proposed amendment to zoning ordinance to revise density bonuses for cluster
residential development.

Subdivision and land development plans, conditional approvals: Eli S. and Linda
S. Beiler, Strasburg Township, and lot 3 for Samuel S. Esh Jr. and Susie K. Esh,
Sadsbury Township.

Subdivision and land development plans under advisory review: Robin A.
Knight-Snyder, Penn Township; Ronald L. Groff, Salisbury Township; new Donegal
High School, East Donegal Township; Wendy's, Ephrata Borough; Millersville
University Student Memorial Center parking lot and utility relocation,
Millersville Borough; LanCo Business Center, East Hempfield Township; Holy
Trinity Lutheran Church, Ephrata Borough; and John Metzger, Upper Leacock
Township.

Request for time extension: Manor Corporate Center, Manor Township, two years,
recommended for approval.

Next meeting: Monday, April 12.

The board of the Lancaster County Drug and Alcohol Commission will meet at 6
p.m. Monday, March 22, in the fifth-floor Mental Health/Mental Retardation
administrative office conference room at 150 N. Queen St.

The Lancaster County Housing Authority will meet at 4:30 p.m. Tuesday, March 23,
at the Lancaster County Housing and Redevelopment authorities, Suite 400, 202 N.
Prince St.

Among the agenda items: financial, executive director and committee reports.

Next meeting: Tuesday, April 27.

The board of the Redevelopment Authority of Lancaster County will meet following
the 4:30 p.m. Tuesday, March 23, meeting of the Lancaster County Housing
Authority at the authorities' offices, Suite 400, 202 N. Prince St.

Among the agenda items:

 Withdraw a resolution that approved an amendment to the Scope of Services in
the Contract with Community Action Program of Lancaster County to allow for
lead-based paint assessments for the Homeless Prevention Program. It will be
replaced by action on a subsequent resolution.

 Acknowledge, accept and ratify the designation of Lancaster County's urban
growth areas, village growth areas and rural business areas as the recovery
zones under the Lancaster County Recovery Zone Facility Bond Program, as
established by resolutions of the county commissioners.

 Approve the execution of a contract amendment with Lancaster Housing
Opportunity Partnership to amend the performance fee for loans of downpayment
and closing costs through the Community Homebuyers Loan Program.

 Approve the execution of a contract amendment with the Community Action Program
of Lancaster County Inc. to amend the Scope of Services and the reimbursement
rate for the unit cost for lead-based paint visual assessments, using Homeless
Prevention and Rapid Re-Housing Program funds.

 Approve a contract amendment with Tabor Community Services for the Transitional
Living Center, increasing the length of time of performance to June 30, 2010.

Next meeting: Tuesday, April 27.

The Lancaster Township Historical Commission will meet at 6:30 p.m. Monday,
March 22, at 1240 Maple Ave.

Among the agenda items: certified local government status, Hawthorne Ridge,
status of Fiorentino's "Toll House" and the township Web site.

Next meeting: 6:30 p.m. Monday, April 26.

The Lancaster Township Zoning Hearing Board will meet at 7 p.m. Tuesday, March
23, at 1240 Maple Ave.

Among the agenda items:

 Samuel and Melody Beiler, 1122 Columbia Ave., who want to add a porte-cochere
on the southeast corner of their home. One column will be located within 12
inches of the side property line instead of the required 12 feet.All other
requirements of the Zoning Ordinance will be met.

Next meeting: 7 p.m. Tuesday, April 27.

The Manheim Township commissioners will meet at 6:30 p.m. Monday, March 22, in
the township offices, 1840 Muncipal Drive. Among the agenda items:

 Motion: amendment of baseball field funding management, use and maintenance
agreement of 2003.

 Resolution: revised fee schedule, parks and recreation.

 Motion: condemnation of Weaver Road properties.

 Resolutions: comprehensive plan.

The East Hempfield Township Planning Commission will meet at 7 p.m. Wednesday,
March 24, at 1700 Nissley Road, Landisville. Among the agenda items:

 Zoning text amendment: Gary Landis, 1661 Rohrerstown Road, to include in
permitted uses rental or leasing of automobiles and trucks, including storage
and incidental maintenance of the vehicles used in the business.

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010  Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             659 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Scottish Express

                            January 30, 2015 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Scotland

Grand plans herald market recovery

BYLINE: Heather Rose

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 44

LENGTH: 556 words


CLEAR signs of the housing market's recovery have been evident this month with a
number of housebuilders preparing to expand their development programmes in
Scotland.

Barratt Homes are on course to open 13 new developments, adding 2,100 homes to
the market. In addition, the work on these sites will help safeguard 4,000 jobs.
What makes this especially significant is the fact Barratt mainly employs local
subcontractors and tradespeople. The forthcoming developments will be spread
throughout the country - in the central belt, the east and the north east.

Sites already confirmed to launch in the near future are Newcraighall Village,
Duddingston Gardens, and Alnwickhill, all in Edinburgh; Kings Way, Renfrew;
Highland Gate, Stirling; Silver Bell, Hamilton; Parklands, Coatbridge; Barclay
Grange, Newmachar; Harlaw Gait, Inverurie; and Ocean, Muggiemoss Road and
Muggiemoss Village in Aberdeen.

Douglas McLeod, left, regional director with Barratt Scotland, said: "We have
seen demand for new homes expand very quickly over the year and the new sites we
are opening mean there will be more choice for local buyers. And it's good news
for the local economy as, in addition to supporting existing construction jobs
as well as creating new ones by building new homes, the people who move into the
new housing will also spend their wages locally." The introduction of the Help
to Buy scheme has played a significant part in the housing market's recovery as
Mr McLeod has acknowledged. He explained: "The really great news this year is
the continuation of Help to Buy Equity mortgages, which means first-time buyers
and those moving up the housing ladder can get moving with just a 5 per cent
deposit, a 20 per cent equity loan, and a 75 per cent mortgage."

Merchant Homes are also in the process of expanding their horizons. One of the
country's younger housebuilders, the business was established in 2007 and has
gone from strength to strength.

As a result they have now expanded their headquarters in Glasgow, moving to
Watermark Business Park opposite the city's Pacific Quay media village. Their 14
head office staff are already based there but the additional space will enable
Merchant Homes to take on 24 new recruits. They are leading a major regeneration
project at Whitfield, Dundee, with affordable housing provider Home Scotland.
The first phase is scheduled for springtime next year and development completion
of the 38 homes is expected towards the end of autumn 2016.

Sales success has already come Merchant's way at their Gantocks development in
Gourock. Now they are launching a new phase, adding a further 25 apartments to
the 25 which have already been built.

Merchant's Philipshill Gate development in East Kilbride has been another of
their success stories. It has sold out but the developers are set to create some
luxury properties in partnership with award-winning architects Hypostyle.
Specially designed for the semi-rural location, there will be nine 2-bedroom
apartments with ground floor apartments having private gardens and upper
apartments having balconies.

Managing director Alan Brander said: "Expanding our geography to locations like
Dundee and further developing our offering across Glasgow, Inverclyde and
Lanarkshire ensures the detail and signature style of our homes reaches more
places than ever before."

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GROWTH: Barratt, left, and Merchant, above, think big

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DXPscot


                       Copyright 2015 Express Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             660 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                 March 30, 1998

South of the Border

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 567 words


Understanding the problems presented by the colonias, the ghastly, mostly rural
ghettoes on the U.S. side of our border with Mexico, will be helped greatly by
understanding something about housing conditions in Mexico.

As more Mexicans have emigrated to this country, so too have some of the worst
characteristics of the Mexican "informal" housing sector.  A recent article
detailing some options for expanding housing choices in the Mexican informal
sector may give U.S. lenders and governments some idea on how to deal with our
own colonias.

According to William J. Siembieda and Eduardo Lopez Moreno in Housing Policy
Debate, an astonishing 40 million Mexicans by the year 2000 will live in the
informal sector, much like our colonias in that they are marked by illegal
subdivisions, irregular infrastructures, and shabby, self-built housing.

Like the occupants of the U.S. colonias, most of these Mexican people have paid
for the land they live on, through loans from the illegal subdividers or "rent
to own" arrangements.  But there are differences as well, since much of the land
to be used for informal sector expansion (occasionally occupied in what the
authors colorfully call "invasions") will come from special status land called
ejido or communal land.

Communal land has its counterpart in the U.S. in tribal trust land, but the
ejido land doesn't really.  It's a "system of land use for the community of
peasants that reside on the land," say the authors, "a corporate holding system
in which the defined users (ejidatarios) have shareholder rights."

Differences aside, the authors' recommendations on how to help the informal
sector will probably have a lot to offer for the problems on our side of the Rio
Grande.

Their first recommendation is to encourage small savings plans, to be pooled
into trusts and then hooked into national housing programs.  An important
feature of them is that "interest" on the savings should not be in the form of
cash, but in building materials and the like, to keep people focused on using
the money for housing.

Local employment in construction-related businesses is also key, the authors
said, and more than that, they like the use of on-site "materials banks,"
financing the manufacture of building materials right on site.  And then
technical assistance, construction and finance know-how, must be provided by
outside interests like government, non-profits, or businesses.  How bad is the
need?  Consider that one of the Mexican colonias, Colonia Jalisco, has a
population density of 300 people per hectare.  A hectare is about half an acre.
So imagine 600 people living on an American one-acre plot and you'll get some
idea of the overcrowding.

The article gives examples of two structures that have given some help with the
informal sector.  One is MAP (Plan de Ayuda Mutua), a microsavings fund
dedicated to housing, like a small building and loan.  The Taller de
Arquitectura Popular, an entity in Jalisco, has organized 600 families into MAPs
since 1992.  There are also Mexican mortgage companies called SOFOLEs.  One
SOFOLE, Su Casita, financed a purchase of land for 400 families and then set up
a reserve fund for collateralization.  And, to maintain the (at best fragile)
housing stock in place in the informal sector, the Ford Foundation has funded a
grant operation for micro-finance housing improvement loans.

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 1998 Faulkner & Gray


                             661 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Oklahoman

                            March 30, 2005 Wednesday
                                  City Edition

Agriculture agency to fund Kingfisher theater

BYLINE: Bill Kramer, Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO II; Pg. 20A

LENGTH: 383 words

DATELINE: KINGFISHER


An investment group planning to transform a downtown building into a multiscreen
movie theater has been awarded a guaranteed loan by the U.S. Agriculture
Department's Rural Development department.

Michael Sanders, an assistant to the secretary of agriculture for rural
development, said Tuesday that $500,000 is being deposited at First Capital Bank
of Kingfisher. The money is earmarked for renovations of the building in
preparation for a three-screen theater.

Sanders will join city and state officials and at a kickoff and formal
announcement of financial arrangements for the theater at 11:30 a.m. Thursday.
The event will be at the theater site, a 116-year-old building at 304 S Main.

Sanders, a former Kingfisher resident who now works in Washington, said he is
excited to be involved in a project that will benefit his hometown.

"They're expected to add up to seven or eight jobs, and this will be a
tremendous asset," Sanders said.

The loan is courtesy of the business and industry guaranteed loan program
administered by the rural development department.

"There's not a lot of people who know we don't deal with just farmers and
ranchers," Sanders said of the Agriculture Department. "We also help business,
utilities and housing. This program is one of the more flexible and
far-reaching."

Only communities of fewer than 50,000 population qualify for this program.
Sanders said the department has pumped $1 billion into Oklahoma's small towns in
the past four years.

The money will be repaid by the investment group over a period of 20 years at a
variable rate that mirrors the prime lending rate, said Jeff Johnson, a city
councilman and senior vice president of First Capital Bank.

The city has been without a movie theater since March 27, 2004, when a fire
destroyed an 87-year old landmark building that housed the 89er Theater at 113 N
Main.

John Storm, who is part of the investment group, said he expects there will be a
gap between the loan amount and the actual cost of renovations. Storm and seven
other area businessmen recently formed 89er Theater LLC, a financial group
arranging for the transformation of the 7,000-square-foot space.

Seating will be limited to 281 patrons. Theater capacities will range from 83 to
101. Storm hopes construction can be completed and the theater open by late
fall.



LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2005 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             662 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 24, 2016 Friday

Washington: USDA Announces New Assistance to Help Rural Utility Customers
Conserve Energy, Lower Bills

LENGTH: 592  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced a new program that will help
rural residents conserve energy and save money on their utility bills. The new
Rural Energy Savings Program (RESP) will make $52 million in loans available to
energy providers to help rural families and small businesses reduce their energy
use.





 "Investments like the ones we will make through the Rural Energy Savings
Program not only reduce energy costs for consumers, but also build a cleaner and
more sustainable energy future," Vilsack said. "This program is the latest of
many financing options USDA provides to rural communities to expand energy
efficiency efforts and strengthen rural economies."



 RESP will provide loans to rural energy providers who in turn fund projects for
consumers to make energy efficiency improvements in their homes or businesses
that will lower their energy use. Eligible applicants include current and former
Rural Utilities Service (RUS) borrowers, subsidiaries of current or former RUS
borrowers, and entities that provide retail electric service in rural areas.



 RESP borrowers finance loans at zero percent interest for up to 20 years,
making the program an attractive and affordable option to finance energy-saving
measures. Energy customers participating in programs financed through RESP then
repay the loans at an interest rate of up to 3 percent for up to 10 years
through their electric bills.



 RESP builds upon the work that USDA Rural Development has done to help improve
the energy efficiency of single- and multi-family housing, businesses, farms and
utilities. It aligns with the Obama Administration's StrikeForce for Rural
Growth and Opportunity and Promise Zone initiatives to help revitalize
communities and expand economic opportunity through targeted funding, technical
assistance and partnerships. RESP will be used to focus on low-income,
high-energy-cost communities.



 Congress authorized the program in the 2014 Farm Bill. RUS administers RESP as
well as the similar Energy Efficiency and Conservation Loan Program (EECLP).
RESP is open to a broader pool of eligible borrowers, has a zero percent
interest rate, and has a longer loan term than EECLP. To be considered for RESP
funding, applicants should submit a letter of intent by August 5, 2016. E-mail
the letter of intent to RESP@wdc.usda.gov Applications will be processed on a
first-come/first-served basis until funds are expended. For additional
information, see page 40262 of the June 21 Federal Register.



 USDA's Rural Utilities Service also administers infrastructure programs that
bring broadband, safe drinking water and improved wastewater treatment
facilities to rural communities.



 Since 2009, USDA Rural Development (@USDARDThis is an external link or
third-party site outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
website.) has invested $31.3 billion in 963 electric projects that have financed
more than 185,000 miles of transmission and distribution lines serving 4.6
million rural residents. USDA also has invested $11 billion to start or expand
103,000 rural businesses; helped 1.1 million rural residents buy homes; funded
nearly 7,000 community facilities such as schools, public safety and health care
facilities; and helped bring high-speed Internet access to nearly 6 million
rural residents and businesses.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             663 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Pioneer (India)

                          September 25, 2014 Thursday

Shelter of hope

LENGTH: 1443 words

DATELINE: India


India, Sept. 25 -- M Ravi Kanth, chairman of HUDCO, shares how the organisation
is fuelling dreams of millions of people who are looking for new avenues

In your previous works, you have worked a lot for uplift of poor, bridging gap
between rural and urban infrastructure. In your new stint, how do you plan to
give home to one and all?

HUDCO is owned by the Indian government and in terms of support for housing and
infrastructure, it is the largest company in the country. It is my firm view
that HUDCO would continue to intensify its role as the largest facilitator of
housing delivery, with particular reference to the weaker sections of the
society. Towards improving access to housing for all sections of the society,
especially at its lower rungs, HUDCO has introduced two innovative products,
namely, 'Rent-to-Own' Scheme, which is a 'rental-cum-ownership' scheme for
low-income employees of an organisation; and HUDCO Nav Nagar Yojana (HuNNY),
which offers a comprehensive solution to the growing cities/towns from 'Planning
to Financing' sustainable habitats.

In the light of the significant deficit in housing in the country and the need
for massive efforts to achieve the objective of affordable housing for all by
2022, HUDCO is fully geared up to take up the challenge of providing housing
finance, especially for the EWS and LIG segments. HUDCO's Corporate Plan-2020
envisages a major focus and thrust on social housing in order to achieve the
national goal of affordable housing for all. It anticipates an increase in the
social housing operations to a significantly higher level, so as to retain
HUDCO's premier role as the only CPSE of its kind financing EWS and LIG at the
most competitive rates. HUDCO's recent innovative initiatives and expansion of
its activities in addition to its conventional techno-financing business would
give a big push to the housing sector..

How will 'Rent-to-Own' scheme help government employees? Does it include both
central and state employees?

HUDCO has introduced a new scheme called, 'Rent-to-Own' scheme, which is a
'rental-cum-ownership' scheme, designed to facilitate an agency to initially
avail loan from HUDCO on behalf of its identified employees for the scheme and
would allot the houses to its employees initially on rental basis. The employee
would become the 'owner' of the house as and when the full cost of the house is
paid to the Agency. This scheme would benefit the employees at Bottom of Pyramid
(BoP) of the agencies, and open to all Central & State Government organisations,
Police Housing Corporation employees, autonomous bodies, state PSUs et al.

Any plans to encourage innovative projects in housing and urban development?

Last year, we have introduced a new innovative scheme for urban extensions and
integrated townships, which is called 'HuNNY' (Hudco Nav Nagar Yojana). This
scheme offers a comprehensive solution to the growing cities/towns from
'Planning to Financing' the sustainable habitats. Under the scheme, we would
provide technical and financial support for developing potential sites as
planned urban extensions to meet the requirements of the ever growing
population. As the government has a mission to build 100 smart cities, it is
expected that HUDCO's new scheme would provide the necessary 'planning to
financing' option for existing cities as well as green field cities to build
sustainable new urban habitats.

In line with our mission to provide sustainable and inclusive living
environment, we are in the process of devising a new product this year for
senior citizens in the name of 'Senior Citizen Housing' to address senior
citizens' housing needs, in order to provide dignified, safe, socially-enriching
living environment, safeguarding the rights of senior citizens in their sunset
years. This will be implemented in all the cities and the ULBs/State agencies
have freedom to approach us and avail financing under the scheme.

Please elaborate on the recent MoUs signed.

As a step towards further promoting the housing and habitat sector, HUDCO has
entered into memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with several organisations such
as National Culture Fund (NCF) for conservation of heritage sites/buildings;
Construction Industries Development Council (CIDC) for creation of skills
required in the building construction industry; National Commission for Women
(NCW) under CSR for improving the living conditions of widows at Vrindavan,
Mathura; National Building Construction Corporation (NBCC) for joint development
of projects; and School of Planning & Architecture for research related
activities in the habitat sector, Central Government Employees Welfare Housing
Organisation (CGEWHO) for members to avail individual loans from HUDCO Niwas
branches all over the country, India Infrastructure Finance Company Limited
(IIFCL) for investment in Infrastructure Debt Fund created for extending loan to
the infrastructure projects in the country and, Credit Risk Guarantee Fund Trust
for Low Income Housing (CRGFTLIH) for providing effective guarantee for such
housing loans upto '5 lakh extended to EWS/LIG borrowers in urban areas without
collaterals and/or third party guarantees.

What standards do you maintain at your Human Settlement Management Institute?

Human Settlement Management Institute (HSMI), was set up in 1985 to infuse
further professionalism through training and capacity building of its borrowing
agencies in project planning and implementation. As per recent MoU signed
between HUDCO and Ministry HUPA, Govt of India; HSMI has been entrusted with the
responsibility of four activities; to be undertaken during 2014-15:

In order to explore the research studies, HSMI has sanctioned 29 research
studies from the year 2012-13 onwards in the research areas as envisaged under
MoU targets of R&D template. These research studies have been sanctioned to the
prestigious institutions like IITs and IIMs, which have to be completed in a
maximum period of two to three years, depending upon the approved scope of work.
Out of 29 research studies, two study research reports on Municipal
Infrastructure Potential for HUDCO Lending conducted by IIPA and study on
'Primary Collection of Solid Waste Management' in Bangalore conducted by IIM,
Bangalore have been submitted to Ministry of Housing & Urban Poverty
Alleviation.

What are the various measures or steps taken in order to aware the local
population about the various prevailing schemes?

We have the mandate to reach the unreached segment of the society by providing
long-term finance for housing and urban infrastructure projects to benefit this
segment in the country. In fact, every 16th house in the country is financed by
HUDCO. With a pan-India presence, we have emerged as a major player in the arena
of housing and urban infrastructure finance over the last four decades offering
a wide range of financing options and services. For housing, HUDCO finances and
supports a broad spectrum of housing activities such as urban, rural and staff
rental housing, land acquisition schemes undertaken by the State's public
organisations and housing projects under JNNURM for meeting the State/ULB
contribution (Viability Gap Funding) as well as Retail Financing to individuals,
through HUDCO Niwas.

How does 'Micro Finance for Housing' scheme benefit women?

To promote micro-finance in housing, HUDCO is participating in the form of
equity contribution to Sewa Grih Rinn Limited to the tune of '1.8 crore, which
is new Micro Housing Finance Company set up by Self Employed Women's Association
(SEWA). HUDCO would ensure financial inclusion of the women members of SEWA, who
have so far been denied the benefit of home loans through the formal lending
mechanism.

How is bamboo-based building system beneficial?

Bamboo offers one of the best alternatives for a totally 'green', environment
friendly building system option. Referred to as 'natural iron', bamboo has
natural tensile properties which make it an excellent replacement for energy
intensive steel, as well as hardwood. Bamboo as a material has a wide range of
applications from food to craft and is widely used worldwide in construction. In
India too, bamboo is traditionally used in the bamboo growing states which cover
over 70 per cent of the country.

What are the projects HUDCO taken up recently?

HUDCO infrastructure initiative also includes industrial infrastructure
financing and we have financed various industrial infrastructure projects in the
country.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Pioneer. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2014 CMYK Printech Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             664 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           February 28, 2017 Tuesday

Oklahoma Business Briefs, Feb. 28

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 796 words


Vintage cars added to auto showWith the Oklahoma City International Auto Show
celebrating its 100th anniversary March 10-12 at the new Bennett Event Center at
the Oklahoma State Fair Park in Oklahoma City, those attending the event will be
treated to a re-creation of the event from 1917."The addition of our cars
showcases a nostalgic piece of American automobile history - a vivid contrast to
the modern high technology of today - and common interest has fostered a special
car lovers bond," said Jim Adair, past president of the Sooner Region of the
Horseless Carriage Club of America. "Our commitment to the preservation of
pre-1916 automobiles affords us the unique ability to commemorate, save and
forever preserve the era and the evolution of the American automotive
entrepreneurial spirit."Most of the vehicles are rare pieces of automobile
antiquity that are routinely sequestered away in a garage for viewing by
invitation only. As part of the re-creation, 44 cars from that era will be on
display. Adair said this is a great opportunity for the general public to see
cars that don't often see the light of day.Those interested in purchasing
tickets are encouraged to go to www.okcautoshow.org for additional information.

Discounts are available for tickets purchased online. Buy one get one free
coupons are available at local 7-Eleven stores.WPX Energy to pay pollution fineA
Tulsa-based oil and natural gas exploration company is paying $1.2 million for
polluting groundwater supplying five households in southwestern Pennsylvania in
2012.The state Department of Environmental Protection announced the fine Monday
against WPX Energy, which agreed to it in a December consent agreement.Officials
say a leak from a wastewater pit polluted groundwater below WPX's Kalp well site
in Westmoreland County, about 60 miles southeast of Pittsburgh. WPX says it paid
for bottled water and water-treatment systems at the affected households. The
company still must show that it has cleaned up the groundwater.WPX says no
individual's health was ever at risk. WPX has sold of much of its holdings in
the Marcellus Shale natural gas reservoir, and now operates just a handful of
wells there.Federal loan to expand broadbandA $15.3 million federal loan has
been approved to help expand broadband in a rural portion of Oklahoma.The U.S.
Department of Agriculture loan is to Southern Plains Cable LLC to build a
fiber-optic broadband network in a 55-square-mile area that includes Anadarko,
Verden and Chickasha.Acting Deputy Under Secretary for Rural Development Roger
Glendenning announced the loan Monday and said it will help provide high-speed
internet service to the rural area of south-central Oklahoma.The loan is
provided through USDA's Telecommunications Programs of the Rural Utilities
Service.OKC banker joins federal bank boardOklahoma City's Donald R. Abernathy
Jr., president and CEO of The Bankers Bank since 1993, has been elected to the
board of directors of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Topeka, a wholesale bank
that serves as a source of credit for member financial institutions in Colorado,
Kansas, Nebraska and Oklahoma.Abernathy serves on the Operations and Housing
&amp; Governance committees.He has been active in the banking industry in the
Oklahoma City metro area for the last 38 years. He is a past chairman of the
Oklahoma Bankers Association and serves on the board of directors for the
Community Bankers Association of Oklahoma, First Bankers Banc Securities and
other industry and charity groups. He also is a past board member of the
Independent Community Bankers Association and served on the Government Relations
Committee and Community Bankers Council for the American Bankers
Association.Keating joins Citizens Inc. boardCitizens Inc. has appointed former
Oklahoma Gov. Frank Keating as a director, effective immediately, the Austin,
Texas-based company said."We are thrilled that Gov. Keating is able to join
Citizens' Board," said Dr. Robert Sloan, Chairman of Citizens' Board of
Directors. "In addition to his proven record as a leader and public servant,
Gov. Keating brings valuable experience in life insurance, compliance, law
enforcement and corporate governance."Keating is a partner at the law firm of
Holland &amp; Knight LLP. Keating previously was CEO of the American Bankers
Association and before that president and CEO of the American Council of Life
Insurers.Citizens Inc. is a financial services company listed on the New York
Stock Exchange under the symbol CIA. The company said it seeks growth based on
worldwide sales of U.S. dollar-denominated whole life cash value insurance
policies, life insurance product sales in the U.S. and the acquisition of other
U.S.-based life insurance companies.FROM STAFF AND WIRE REPORTS

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2017 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             665 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 29, 2016 Thursday

Washington: Agriculture Secretary Vilsack Announces USDA Funding for Ohio
Hospital

LENGTH: 803  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced a $54.6 million Community
Facilities program loan to the Fulton County Health Center in Wauseon, Ohio, to
renovate a critical access hospital that also offers treatment for substance
misuse disorders.





 "USDA's investment in much-needed medical facilities is bringing
state-of-the-art health care to residents in our rural communities," Vilsack
said. "When complete, the hospital and new medical office building will have the
staff and equipment to deliver quality medical services to Fulton County,
including treatment for patients who have opioid and other substance use
disorders."



 Secretary Vilsack is leading an interagency effort to address the rural opioid
crisis, which disproportionately affects rural areas. He made the announcement
here today as part of the White House's efforts this week to bring increased
attention to the opioid crisis in rural areas. On Aug. 31, Vilsack announced an
initiative to provide transitional housing for rural Americans who are seeking
to recover from substance use disorders.



 Vilsack was on the campus of Clinton County's Wilmington College where a
similar $19.7 million USDA Community Facilities loan in 2013 helped to finance
the rehabilitation of Kettering Hall, home of the school's Center for Science
and Agriculture.



 "Standing in the rejuvenated Kettering Hall, we see proof of how USDA's
Community Facilities program can have a massive, positive impact in rural
areas," Vilsack said. "A few short years ago, Wilmington was reeling from the
loss of the region's primary employer, which quadrupled the unemployment rate.
But with steady effort and dedicated public-private partnerships, the tide is
turning and the community is making a comeback."



 Today's tour of the Center for Science and Agriculture included viewing
renovations to the circa 1960s original footprint. These renovations focused on
removing environmental hazards, updating mechanical systems and improving
building accessibility. The 15,000-square-foot building addition provides
much-needed classroom and laboratory space for Wilmington College's growing STEM
program.



 Vilsack said Wauseon and the surrounding region on Ohio's northern border also
stand to benefit from the Fulton County Health Center's Community Facilities
loan, particularly because the Center is the only medical provider in the area.
USDA funds will help construct a 62,220-square-foot medical office building,
easing a space shortage and helping attract additional medical specialists to
the area. About 80 new jobs are anticipated as a result.



 Today's funding builds on USDA's historic investments in rural America over the
past seven years. Since 2009, USDA has worked to strengthen and support rural
communities and American agriculture, an industry that supports one in 11
American jobs, provides American consumers with more than 80 percent of the food
we consume, ensures that Americans spend less of their paychecks at the grocery
store than most people in other countries, and supports markets for homegrown
renewable energy and materials.



 From 2009 to 2015, USDA has invested more than $36.9 billion in Ohio, including
more than $5.1 billion to support affordable housing, ag producers and small
businesses, improved water systems, telecommunications, broadband and other
critical infrastructure. These investments have helped create jobs and promote
economic opportunity for those who live, work and raise their families in rural
Ohio. USDA has also invested $828 million in efforts to conserve and protect
Ohio's land, water and air resources and more than $275 million in Ohio to
support research that will secure and improve our food, agricultural and natural
resources systems.



 Since 2009, USDA Rural Development (@USDARDThis is an external link or
third-party site outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
website.) has helped bring high-speed Internet access to nearly 6 million rural
residents and businesses; invested nearly $13 billion to start or expand nearly
112,000 rural businesses; helped 1.1 million rural residents buy homes; and
funded nearly 9,200 community facilities such as schools, public safety and
health care facilities. USDA also has invested $31.3 billion in 963 electric
projects that have financed more than 185,000 miles of transmission and
distribution lines serving 4.6 million rural residents and more than $13.3
billion to finance rural water and wastewater projects. To read more about
USDA's investments in rural America and its successful turnaround, visit USDA's
latest entry on Medium.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             666 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 29, 2016 Thursday

Washington: Agriculture Secretary Vilsack Announces USDA Funding for Ohio
Hospital

LENGTH: 803  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced a $54.6 million Community
Facilities program loan to the Fulton County Health Center in Wauseon, Ohio, to
renovate a critical access hospital that also offers treatment for substance
misuse disorders.





 "USDA's investment in much-needed medical facilities is bringing
state-of-the-art health care to residents in our rural communities," Vilsack
said. "When complete, the hospital and new medical office building will have the
staff and equipment to deliver quality medical services to Fulton County,
including treatment for patients who have opioid and other substance use
disorders."



 Secretary Vilsack is leading an interagency effort to address the rural opioid
crisis, which disproportionately affects rural areas. He made the announcement
here today as part of the White House's efforts this week to bring increased
attention to the opioid crisis in rural areas. On Aug. 31, Vilsack announced an
initiative to provide transitional housing for rural Americans who are seeking
to recover from substance use disorders.



 Vilsack was on the campus of Clinton County's Wilmington College where a
similar $19.7 million USDA Community Facilities loan in 2013 helped to finance
the rehabilitation of Kettering Hall, home of the school's Center for Science
and Agriculture.



 "Standing in the rejuvenated Kettering Hall, we see proof of how USDA's
Community Facilities program can have a massive, positive impact in rural
areas," Vilsack said. "A few short years ago, Wilmington was reeling from the
loss of the region's primary employer, which quadrupled the unemployment rate.
But with steady effort and dedicated public-private partnerships, the tide is
turning and the community is making a comeback."



 Today's tour of the Center for Science and Agriculture included viewing
renovations to the circa 1960s original footprint. These renovations focused on
removing environmental hazards, updating mechanical systems and improving
building accessibility. The 15,000-square-foot building addition provides
much-needed classroom and laboratory space for Wilmington College's growing STEM
program.



 Vilsack said Wauseon and the surrounding region on Ohio's northern border also
stand to benefit from the Fulton County Health Center's Community Facilities
loan, particularly because the Center is the only medical provider in the area.
USDA funds will help construct a 62,220-square-foot medical office building,
easing a space shortage and helping attract additional medical specialists to
the area. About 80 new jobs are anticipated as a result.



 Today's funding builds on USDA's historic investments in rural America over the
past seven years. Since 2009, USDA has worked to strengthen and support rural
communities and American agriculture, an industry that supports one in 11
American jobs, provides American consumers with more than 80 percent of the food
we consume, ensures that Americans spend less of their paychecks at the grocery
store than most people in other countries, and supports markets for homegrown
renewable energy and materials.



 From 2009 to 2015, USDA has invested more than $36.9 billion in Ohio, including
more than $5.1 billion to support affordable housing, ag producers and small
businesses, improved water systems, telecommunications, broadband and other
critical infrastructure. These investments have helped create jobs and promote
economic opportunity for those who live, work and raise their families in rural
Ohio. USDA has also invested $828 million in efforts to conserve and protect
Ohio's land, water and air resources and more than $275 million in Ohio to
support research that will secure and improve our food, agricultural and natural
resources systems.



 Since 2009, USDA Rural Development (@USDARDThis is an external link or
third-party site outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
website.) has helped bring high-speed Internet access to nearly 6 million rural
residents and businesses; invested nearly $13 billion to start or expand nearly
112,000 rural businesses; helped 1.1 million rural residents buy homes; and
funded nearly 9,200 community facilities such as schools, public safety and
health care facilities. USDA also has invested $31.3 billion in 963 electric
projects that have financed more than 185,000 miles of transmission and
distribution lines serving 4.6 million rural residents and more than $13.3
billion to finance rural water and wastewater projects. To read more about
USDA's investments in rural America and its successful turnaround, visit USDA's
latest entry on Medium.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             667 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 27, 2016 Tuesday

Agriculture Secretary Vilsack Announces USDA Funding for Ohio Hospital

LENGTH: 794  words

DATELINE: New York



 Phoenix: Retirement System, The State of Arizona has issued the following news
release:

  Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced a $54.6 million Community
Facilities program loan to the Fulton County Health Center in Wauseon, Ohio, to
renovate a critical access hospital that also offers treatment for substance
misuse disorders.





 "USDA's investment in much-needed medical facilities is bringing
state-of-the-art health care to residents in our rural communities," Vilsack
said. "When complete, the hospital and new medical office building will have the
staff and equipment to deliver quality medical services to Fulton County,
including treatment for patients who have opioid and other substance use
disorders."



 Secretary Vilsack is leading an interagency effort to address the rural opioid
crisis, which disproportionately affects rural areas. He made the announcement
here today as part of the White House's efforts this week to bring increased
attention to the opioid crisis in rural areas. On Aug. 31, Vilsack announced an
initiative to provide transitional housing for rural Americans who are seeking
to recover from substance use disorders.



 Vilsack was on the campus of Clinton County's Wilmington College where a
similar $19.7 million USDA Community Facilities loan in 2013 helped to finance
the rehabilitation of Kettering Hall, home of the school's Center for Science
and Agriculture.



 "Standing in the rejuvenated Kettering Hall, we see proof of how USDA's
Community Facilities program can have a massive, positive impact in rural
areas," Vilsack said. "A few short years ago, Wilmington was reeling from the
loss of the region's primary employer, which quadrupled the unemployment rate.
But with steady effort and dedicated public-private partnerships, the tide is
turning and the community is making a comeback."



 Today's tour of the Center for Science and Agriculture included viewing
renovations to the circa 1960s original footprint. These renovations focused on
removing environmental hazards, updating mechanical systems and improving
building accessibility. The 15,000-square-foot building addition provides
much-needed classroom and laboratory space for Wilmington College's growing STEM
program.



 Vilsack said Wauseon and the surrounding region on Ohio's northern border also
stand to benefit from the Fulton County Health Center's Community Facilities
loan, particularly because the Center is the only medical provider in the area.
USDA funds will help construct a 62,220-square-foot medical office building,
easing a space shortage and helping attract additional medical specialists to
the area. About 80 new jobs are anticipated as a result.



 Today's funding builds on USDA's historic investments in rural America over the
past seven years. Since 2009, USDA has worked to strengthen and support rural
communities and American agriculture, an industry that supports one in 11
American jobs, provides American consumers with more than 80 percent of the food
we consume, ensures that Americans spend less of their paychecks at the grocery
store than most people in other countries, and supports markets for homegrown
renewable energy and materials.



 From 2009 to 2015, USDA has invested more than $36.9 billion in Ohio, including
more than $5.1 billion to support affordable housing, ag producers and small
businesses, improved water systems, telecommunications, broadband and other
critical infrastructure. These investments have helped create jobs and promote
economic opportunity for those who live, work and raise their families in rural
Ohio. USDA has also invested $828 million in efforts to conserve and protect
Ohio's land, water and air resources and more than $275 million in Ohio to
support research that will secure and improve our food, agricultural and natural
resources systems.



 Since 2009, USDA Rural Development (@USDARDThis is an external link or
third-party site outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
website.) has helped bring high-speed Internet access to nearly 6 million rural
residents and businesses; invested nearly $13 billion to start or expand nearly
112,000 rural businesses; helped 1.1 million rural residents buy homes; and
funded nearly 9,200 community facilities such as schools, public safety and
health care facilities. USDA also has invested $31.3 billion in 963 electric
projects that have financed more than 185,000 miles of transmission and
distribution lines serving 4.6 million rural residents and more than $13.3
billion to finance rural water and wastewater projects. To read more about
USDA's investments in rural America and its successful

 e



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             668 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The Ottawa Citizen

                     April 6, 1996, Saturday, FINAL EDITION

Factory-direct houses to go: Despite image problem, sales are increasing

BYLINE: ANGELA MANGIACASALE; THE OTTAWA CITIZEN

SECTION: NEW HOMES; Pg. I1 / Front


In a factory south of Ottawa, half the main floor of a new home works its way
down the assembly line. It doesn't matter to the workers if it's pouring rain or
blowing snow outside. They, their tools, and their materials stay dry.

The Guildcrest Homes plant in Morewood is one of about 50 manufacturers across
Canada that together produce about 8,000 homes a year. These homes are built in
sections, set on flatbed trucks and transported to a site where they are
completed.

It's the ideal factory conditions, manufacturers say, that allow them to produce
some of the highest quality housing in the country. While the rest of the
housing industry has been hit with record low sales in the past few years,
manufactured housing sales have increased.

But manufactured housing faces an image problem. Some consumers still think
factory-built homes are cheap in the worst sense of the word.

There is also confusion. "Manufactured" or "factory-built" housing -- also
called "pre-fabs," but never within the industry -- refers both to modular homes
and to mobile homes.

"Distinguishing between mobile homes and modular housing can be difficult, in
some cases, impossible," says Ken Rauch, senior adviser on housing standards for
Canada Mortgage and Housing Corp.

The key difference is that modular homes are installed on a foundation so they
have a full basement, while mobile homes are installed on "piers," a series of
posts usually made of concrete block or wood, and do not have basements. Also,
mobile homes are single-storey buildings, while modular home designs include
split levels and two-storeys as well as bungalows.

Manufactured housing factories are certified and regularly inspected by the
Canadian Standards Association. But there are different CSA standards for mobile
and modular homes.

Mobile homes are subject to a national standard. Since a mobile home is not set
on a full-height foundation, the structure must meet strict rules for rigidity.

A modular home must be built to the standards for housing in the area in which
it will be completed. For example, in Ontario, these homes must meet the Ontario
Building Code as well as the municipality's bylaws.

All types of home construction have become more industrialized, says David
Poupore, president of Guildcrest Homes.

"All we're doing is pushing the manufacturing end of it to the extreme," he
says. "If you go back 40 years, carpenters built windows, they built cabinets
and put them in the house. Nobody does that any more."

Modular homes aren't necessarily boxy. Some Guildcrest designs feature
bay-shaped rooms. They can also include sweeping staircases and elaborate
kitchens with large islands and breakfast bars. Buyers can work with the
company's designers to customize their homes.

Guildcrest is also Ontario's biggest builder of R-2000 homes, a national
standard with strict criteria for energy efficiency, air tightness and indoor
air quality.

For a buyer who already owns a lot, a 1,010 square-foot three-bedroom bungalow
that is R-2000 certified from Guildcrest costs about $ 74,800. The company is
building a development in Metcalfe where the same bungalow is priced from $
124,900 including the 3/4-acre lot.

The traditional market for modular homes is rural lot owners.

"Their range of choices tends to go from the guy who works out of the back of a
pickup truck to the local small custom home builder through to the modular
manufacturer," says Poupore. "We encourage them to look to us for a degree of
consistency of quality and professionalism and longevity."

Once the last resort of consumers who wanted a single-family house but could
only afford a trailer, mobile homes have come a long way from the aluminum,
horizontal elevator shafts they once resembled.

Most mobile homes are still built in one section that can range in size from 750
to 1,400 square feet. But more are being manufactured in two or more sections
and assembled on site, says Jamie Cooke, executive vice-president of the
Canadian Manufactured Housing Association.

Technically, mobile homes can be moved from one site to another. But association
surveys show that fewer than two per cent are ever moved, Cooke says.

Price is one of the most attractive features of mobile homes. A 750-square-foot
single section mobile home that is 95 per cent complete when it leaves the
factory would start at about $ 35,000.

Often mobile homes are set on leased land in "manufactured home communities" --
the term the industry prefers over "mobile home park."

It's the lack of owned land that used to create a financial paradox for mobile
home owners. While they are one of the most affordable types of homes, mobiles
have been subject to one of the most expensive forms of financing -- a chattel
mortgage. Mobile homes were financed as moveable objects much like cars and
subject to higher rates of interest over a shorter term than mortgages on
conventional homes, where ownership includes the building and the land.

This changed in 1988 when CMHC introduced the Chattel Loan Insurance Program or
CLIP, which insured loans on mobile homes. This allowed purchasers to get from
banks mortgage terms and rates similar to those on conventional homes, says John
Purchase, senior policy officer in CMHC's insurance products division.

Since the program began eight years ago, CMHC has insured loans on 15,200 mobile
homes. Almost half the total -- 6,518 loans -- were insured in 1995.

"That's because in modifications (to the program) in January 1995, we included
existing or resale units," Purchase says.

Modular homes -- because they are traditionally completed on land owned by the
home buyer -- are financed exactly the same way as homes built on site.

Overall, manufactured housing has prospered during a time when the rest of the
housing industry has been in a slump, says association executive vice-president
Cooke.

"Between 1994 and 1995, the site-built (housing) industry on a national level
was down 30 per cent in single family home starts. In the manufactured housing
industry, modular and mobile homes were up 10 per cent."

The reason, Cooke adds, is affordability and value for money.

"Because more than 50 per cent of the people in the marketplace are first time
homebuyers they are looking for this type of product."

THE KEY DIFFERENCE BETWEEN MODULAR AND MOBILE HOMES

IS THAT MODULAR HOMES ARE INSTALLED ON A FOUNDATION SO

THEY HAVE A FULL BASEMENT. MOBILE HOMES ARE INSTALLED

ON "PIERS," A SERIES OF POSTS USUALLY MADE OF CONCRETE

BLOCK OR WOOD, AND DO NOT HAVE BASEMENTS.


LOAD-DATE: April 7, 1996

LENGTH: 1101 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



GRAPHIC: Photo: Wayne Hiebert, Citizen / CONSTRUCTION SIGHT: Guildcrest Homes
workers in Morewood built modular home with, in foreground, co-owner David
Poupore
Colour Photo: Wayne Hiebert, Citizen / MANY MODELS:Modular home designs include
split levels, two-storeys and bungalows

Colour Photo: Wayne Hiebert, Citizen / Recent model of a mobile home

               Copyright 1996 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             669 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 27, 2016 Tuesday

Agriculture Secretary Vilsack Announces USDA Funding for Ohio Hospital

LENGTH: 795  words

DATELINE: New York



 Phoenix: U.S Department of Agriculture, The State of Arizona has issued the
following news release:



  Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced a $54.6 million Community
Facilities program loan to the Fulton County Health Center in Wauseon, Ohio, to
renovate a critical access hospital that also offers treatment for substance
misuse disorders.





 "USDA's investment in much-needed medical facilities is bringing
state-of-the-art health care to residents in our rural communities," Vilsack
said. "When complete, the hospital and new medical office building will have the
staff and equipment to deliver quality medical services to Fulton County,
including treatment for patients who have opioid and other substance use
disorders."



 Secretary Vilsack is leading an interagency effort to address the rural opioid
crisis, which disproportionately affects rural areas. He made the announcement
here today as part of the White House's efforts this week to bring increased
attention to the opioid crisis in rural areas. On Aug. 31, Vilsack announced an
initiative to provide transitional housing for rural Americans who are seeking
to recover from substance use disorders.



 Vilsack was on the campus of Clinton County's Wilmington College where a
similar $19.7 million USDA Community Facilities loan in 2013 helped to finance
the rehabilitation of Kettering Hall, home of the school's Center for Science
and Agriculture.



 "Standing in the rejuvenated Kettering Hall, we see proof of how USDA's
Community Facilities program can have a massive, positive impact in rural
areas," Vilsack said. "A few short years ago, Wilmington was reeling from the
loss of the region's primary employer, which quadrupled the unemployment rate.
But with steady effort and dedicated public-private partnerships, the tide is
turning and the community is making a comeback."



 Today's tour of the Center for Science and Agriculture included viewing
renovations to the circa 1960s original footprint. These renovations focused on
removing environmental hazards, updating mechanical systems and improving
building accessibility. The 15,000-square-foot building addition provides
much-needed classroom and laboratory space for Wilmington College's growing STEM
program.



 Vilsack said Wauseon and the surrounding region on Ohio's northern border also
stand to benefit from the Fulton County Health Center's Community Facilities
loan, particularly because the Center is the only medical provider in the area.
USDA funds will help construct a 62,220-square-foot medical office building,
easing a space shortage and helping attract additional medical specialists to
the area. About 80 new jobs are anticipated as a result.



 Today's funding builds on USDA's historic investments in rural America over the
past seven years. Since 2009, USDA has worked to strengthen and support rural
communities and American agriculture, an industry that supports one in 11
American jobs, provides American consumers with more than 80 percent of the food
we consume, ensures that Americans spend less of their paychecks at the grocery
store than most people in other countries, and supports markets for homegrown
renewable energy and materials.



 From 2009 to 2015, USDA has invested more than $36.9 billion in Ohio, including
more than $5.1 billion to support affordable housing, ag producers and small
businesses, improved water systems, telecommunications, broadband and other
critical infrastructure. These investments have helped create jobs and promote
economic opportunity for those who live, work and raise their families in rural
Ohio. USDA has also invested $828 million in efforts to conserve and protect
Ohio's land, water and air resources and more than $275 million in Ohio to
support research that will secure and improve our food, agricultural and natural
resources systems.



 Since 2009, USDA Rural Development (@USDARDThis is an external link or
third-party site outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
website.) has helped bring high-speed Internet access to nearly 6 million rural
residents and businesses; invested nearly $13 billion to start or expand nearly
112,000 rural businesses; helped 1.1 million rural residents buy homes; and
funded nearly 9,200 community facilities such as schools, public safety and
health care facilities. USDA also has invested $31.3 billion in 963 electric
projects that have financed more than 185,000 miles of transmission and
distribution lines serving 4.6 million rural residents and more than $13.3
billion to finance rural water and wastewater projects. To read more about
USDA's investments in rural America and its successful





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             670 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Ashford Adscene

                               November 29, 2012

Fall in people waiting for borough housing

BYLINE: Kathy Bailes

SECTION: Pg. 3

LENGTH: 528  words


Ashford has bucked the trend to show a fall in the number of people on the
authority's housing waiting list.

In a report by the National Housing Federation (NHF) published this week, the
borough is revealed to be one of only two Kent local authorities to have reduced
the number of people waiting for a home.

Between 2001 and 2011 the number of people waiting for social housing in Ashford
dropped  from 1,691 to 1,449 despite  the 2011 Census noting that the
population has increased by 13 per cent since 2001, with an additional 6,350
households in the borough.

Ashford has expanded with family housing developments at Park Farm, Orchard
Heights, Little Burton Farm, Godinton Park and Repton Park. The council's new
local plan also earmarks  land for future house-building.

In the last three years £6.3 million funding from the Homes and Communities
Agency  has paid for 78 borough homes, with 59 more promised by April 2015.

The council is also working with parish councils to identify suitable sites
where affordable housing can be created. The council  owns 4,692 homes and
there are a further 337 properties managed by Moat Housing at Stanhope.

But, with the introduction of changes to housing benefit and Universal Credit
being introduced from next April, plus incentives announced by the Government to
give discounts to tenants who want the right to buy their council homes,  a
shortfall of more than 400 affordable homes in the borough per year has already
been identified.

To help combat this, the council has launched its own social lettings agency
helping people on benefits and those who cannot raise deposits to find privately
rented homes.

ABC is also introducing five-year fixed tenancies from April 2013 and has opted
to join Kent County Council's No Use Empty loan scheme, which will help to bring
back into use  empty homes that could be used as rented accommodation.

Councillor Aline Hicks, Ashford Borough Council's portfolio holder for housing,
said: "These figures are extremely encouraging. They show that  we are always
striving to find solutions to increase our housing stock, meeting the needs of
rural communities and making the best use of  the homes  we have to offer.

"Innovations such as ABC Lettings will help us to address the demand for rented
accommodation in the borough. Of course, we need to continue to innovate and
adapt to change to meet Ashford's housing need."

Housing report

The NHF report says Kent will need 891,000 new homes by 2033 but states the
South East is only building half the homes needed which will "cause house prices
and rents to rocket in Kent" and "housing waiting lists [to] soar".

NHF says Kent's  waiting lists have risen by 57 per cent in the last decade from
28,666 to 45,102.

The highest rise in Kent waiting lists has been in Gravesham where from 2001 to
2011 it has rocketed by 150 per cent.

Ashford has seen its list drop by more than 14 per cent.

No Use Empty

Kent County Council's  loan scheme  enables  owners to refurbish or convert
their empty property and make it available for sale or rent.  Ashford Borough
Council may also use the scheme for property it has acquired, possibly through
compulsory purchase.

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 268


                    Copyright 2012 Northcliffe Media Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             671 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                           August 24, 2005 Wednesday
                          FIVE STAR LATE LIFT EDITION

NEWS BRIEFS

SECTION: ST. CHARLES COUNTY POST; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 477 words


ST. PETERS

Hospital is seeking variety of volunteers

Barnes-Jewish St. Peters Hospital is looking for volunteers in a variety of
areas.

The hospital has volunteer opportunities available in the following areas: gift
shop; Siteman Cancer Center; clerical; Women's Center; surgical services;
patient satisfaction; patient care; and at-home work, such as sewing or
knitting.

The hospital offers flexible schedules, where volunteers can work from as little
as once a month, to various times.

For more information, call Jenn Hanff, volunteer coordinator, at 636-916-9679 or
visit the hospital's Web site at www.bjsph.org.

ST. CHARLES

Children's art class offered at foundry

The Foundry Art Centre will hold a six-week children's art class beginning
tonight.

"Adventures in Art" is designed for children 8 to 12 years old who want to learn
a variety of art media.

Topics include drawing, collage, painting, printmaking, sculpture and fibers.

Sessions will be held on Wednesdays from 6 p.m. to 7:30 p.m. The cost for the
six-week session is $85 for Foundry Art members and $95 for nonmembers. All
supplies are included.

For more information, call 636-255-0270.

ST. CHARLES COUNTY AREA

Home ownership program is planned

The North East Community Action Corp. will host a meeting tonight about a
do-it-yourself home ownership program in Lincoln and Warren counties.

Residents are invited to the meeting about the USDA Rural Development Self-Help
Housing Program, at 6 p.m. It will be held at NECAC's office at 115 West Third
Street, Montgomery City.

Applicants who meet income and credit guidelines are eligible for low-interest
loans through Rural Development.

Instead of making a down payment, the families spend at least 25 hours a week
working as a team under NECAC, to build one another's homes.

For more information, call 573-564-3606.

ST. CHARLES COUNTY

Trailnet bike riders can get just desserts

A slice of pie and other desserts await bicyclists who join the Trailnet Bicycle
Fun Club for a ride on Sunday.

The ride begins with registration from 7:30 to 9 a.m. at the Orchard Farm school
complex, 2165 Highway V in St. Charles County.

Riders can chose routes of 12, 21, 40 or 52 miles that take them across the
Mississippi River and into Madison and Calhoun counties.

The routes are on flat to moderately hilly terrain, with bigger hills on the
longer routes. The short route goes to Grafton and includes a ride on the ferry.
Bicyclists are encouraged to stop in at My Just Desserts in Elsah for food and
drinks, and the restaurant will add a scoop of ice cream to your slice of pie
for free. The cycling routes travel Elsah, Eckert's Orchard in Grafton, and Pere
Marquette State Park.

Ride tickets include two ferry crossings and cost $10 for Trailnet members, $13
for nonmembers, and $7 for children under 13.

For more information, visit www.trailnet.org or call Trailnet at 314-416-9930.

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  BRIEF

DOCUMENT-TYPE: BRIEF

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2005 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             672 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                     The Jones County News (Gray, Georgia)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               September 27, 2012

Hitchcock Road residents finally have a plan to help with water contamination;
Owner of garage facility to be leased seeks a new P&Z hearing

BYLINE: The Jones County News staff

LENGTH: 1053  words


A long-awaited water project to assist several Jones County homeowners with safe
drinking water moved forward at last week's commissioners meeting.

The Sept. 18 meetingbegan on ahigh note with Housing Committee Chairman Donald
Black thanking board members for their support over the past three years for
Jones County's Georgia Initiative for Community Housing team.

The commissionersjoined Gray's City Council in assisting with the committee's
application and expenses for the group's retreats. The GICH team focused on
affordable housing for Gray and recently received the good news of the receipt
of a $385,000 housing grant.

P&Z

Jones County Zoning officer Tim Pitrowski brought commissioners a request from
Equipment Leasing Enterprises LLC for a rehearing on a rezoning petition that
was heard Aug. 7.

Pitrowski explained that the request may be brought back in six months, but the
company does not want to wait. He said what is required to grant the rehearing
is to find that there is new or additional information not available at the time
of the original hearing or not presented due to excusable neglect.

Michael Williams, who wanted to move his truck repair business to the property
on Cumslo Road, brought the original requests to the board. The request was to
rezone the property from Rural Residential (R-R) to General Industrial (M-2) for
the purpose of operating a heavy equipment repair facility.

A trucking company had been previously located on the property but has been
closed over a year. The neighboring property owners were at the August meeting
objecting to the majority of adjacent land has a rural use and approval of this
request would be a detriment to Jones County.

Board members agreed with those objecting and voted to reject the petition.

Equipment Leasing Inc. is the owner of the property, and their point was one of
terminology in the zoning. Their letter stated the existing zoning is Commercial
Rural, which Pitrowski said does not exist in Jones County.

Commissioner Chap Nelson asked what it would hurt to grant the rehearing.

County Attorney Frank Childs said anyone wanting to file a lawsuit against the
county after being turned down for a zoning request must go through the
rehearing process.

"I think they were caught on a technicality and want to be heard again, why not
let them?" Nelson asked.

Childs said, in order to grant the rehearing, commissioners must find new
information is available.

The petition was denied with a vote of 3-1 with Nelson opposed.

New business

Commissioners renewed their agreement with Central Georgia Technical College for
continuation of the Adult Education Program and unanimously adopted amendments
to the county's code on alcoholic beverages.

Board members approved three documents needed to finalize agreements with the
Water Well Trust Foundation and Georgia Department of Community Affairs to
provide affordable loans to homeowners on Hitchcock Road and one additional site
on Callie Road for new water wells.

Homeowners on Hitchcock Road have been asking for help for approximately 10
years after their wells were determined contaminated. Commissioners worked on
several scenarios, including hooking to the Baldwin County water line.

Jarrell Greene of Greene's Water Wells offered his expertise and informed the
commissioners about the Water Well Trust Foundation. That is when a workable
plan started coming together.

DCA approved a $20,000 CDBG under the Immediate Threat and Danger Program that
will be used to reduce the cost of the wells for the participating homeowners.
The county's involvement is as the administrator of the grant and loans.

County Administrator Mike Underwood said the documents have been reviewed by the
county attorney.

"There have been many revisions and a lot of changes, but I think we are at the
point to be approved with little or no exposure to the county," Childs said.

David Gault, who represented District Two when the contamination was discovered,
began the project, and Nelson has carried it forward.

The commissioner made the motion to approve the signing of the documents, and
the motion was unanimously approved.

"This has been a long time coming. This may not be exactly what they wanted at
first but it will resolve the problem. I thank Jarrell Greene for making this
happen and Mike (Underwood) and Margie (Tyson) for all their hard work," Nelson
said.

The board's last item of new business was the approval of the county's road
paving projects with the GDOT Chairman Preston Hawkins said one of the
improvements will be in front of Jones County High School, which is a
much-needed project.

Department heads

Underwood asked board members when the 1 percent raise for county employees
would take effect. He suggested Oct. 1 to allow time for the changes to be input
into the payroll system.

The administrator also asked for approval for the Jones County Sheriff's
Department to have flexibility in distributing the increase. The board approved
both by consensus.

He spoke to the board next about a situation at the water department. Underwood
said cutoff day is causing a lot of abuse to the employees who answer the phones
at the water department.

The accounts are cut off when they have been unpaid for 60 days. The cutoff date
is posted on the water bills.

"The girls do a great job, but it gets to be too much. I've instructed them when
the verbal abuse begins to hang up the phone," Underwood said.

Water Superintendent Freddie Wiggins said the calls are getting really bad, and
the board agreed with Underwood's suggestion.

Comments

Commissioner Larry Childs asked water rates be included on the next meeting
agenda, and Underwood suggested a meeting of the county's water committee to
discuss water rates and wastewater agreements.

Childs said, based on the information he received from the finance director, the
water department account is a mess and notes are coming due.

Commissioner Tommmy Robinson said he intends to continue investigating
cost-saving measures, but his plan will not include anyone losing their job.

Commissioner Bert Liston said thank you to the public works department for its
quick response to two road problems in his district. He added his appreciation
to the county's constitutional officers for the job they do.

"Together they bring more than 100 years experience to the county," Liston
commented.

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JCN

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2012 The Jones County News


                             673 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Gloucestershire Echo

                             April 1, 2010 Thursday

Lib Dems promise to tackle housing crisis

SECTION: Pg. 14

LENGTH: 507  words


By Stephen HACKWELL

TACKLING Cheltenham's housing crisis is at the heart of the Liberal Democrats'
plans for the town.

Members of the ruling political party at the borough council are gearing up for
the local elections on May 6 by promising to focus on protecting the green belt
and building more affordable homes on brownfield land.

Its new manifesto earmarks the Government's controversial Regional Spatial
Strategy  as the greatest challenge facing Cheltenham in the next two years.

It also promotes a light railway link between Gloucester and Cheltenham.

Discussing the housing demand, council leader Stephen Jordan said: "It is about
managing whatever level of growth is forced upon us with the basic need for
affordable housing.

"We want social housing to be built on brown land within the borough boundaries,
not in the open countryside and on green belt."

He added: "That is something  we have always been clear  on and for which we
will continue to fight."

The RSS dictates 13,800 new homes must be built in and around Cheltenham, with
some of the suggested areas  falling within Tewkesbury Borough's jurisdiction,
over the next 16 years.

It has been bitterly opposed by green belt campaigners and councillors, who say
the demands are excessive.

The Conservatives have promised to scrap the scheme within 10 weeks if they win
the General Election. Cheltenham Borough Council has already joined forces with
Tewkesbury Borough Council and Gloucester City Council, all of which are against
the RSS, to produce a regional blueprint for new housing.

This Joint Core Strategy outlines how the councils will cope if the RSS is
implemented or it is scrapped and the local authorities are left to come up with
their own housing plans.

Mr Jordan and Councillor John Webster, cabinet member for finance, said they
wanted to force developers to build on existing brownfield sites rather than
focusing on the town's rural hinterland.

The new regulations would also ensure 40 per cent of all developments of more
than three properties must be affordable housing. The threshold is currently
developments of more than 14 properties.

Mr Webster said: "We have already started to restrict back-garden development
through our planning process and we look to do something similar if we can. We
do need some freedom and support from central government to achieve this."

Also included in the manifesto is a plan to fund the proposed light railway link
between Gloucester and Cheltenham.

The Lib Dems want to use the community infrastructure levy - a new tool which
will be introduced in April - to force developers to cough up cash for the £150
million tram system running from Gloucester Docks to Cheltenham Racecourse.

The new charge will effectively replace Section 106 payments and allow council
bosses to set aside money from an unrelated development.

Mr Webster said: "It is a way of getting sufficient money together to really
consider the scheme. Cheltenham, Gloucester and Tewkesbury could all do this and
then negotiate a prudential loan to fund the remaining costs."

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 32


                      Copyright 2010 Gloucestershire Echo
                              All Rights Reserved


                             674 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Bromsgrove Advertiser

                           October 10, 2013 Thursday

Memory Lane - 50 years ago

SECTION: MEMORY LANE

LENGTH: 220 words


BOTH the Ministry of Education and the county council had refused to make a
capital grant toward the cost of providing a headquarters building for the
two-year-old Sidemoor Youth Club and the club stood in danger of collapse. But
hope remained high, as Bromsgrove Urban District Council had found a site for a
new clubhouse conditionally agreeing to advance an interest-free loan of £1,850
to tide the club over the expensive first stage of their undertaking.

BROMSGROVE Rural District Council decided to maintain their objection to the
proposal of the Minister of Housing and Local Government to take land from the
green belt at Beoley for the creation of a new town at Redditch to accommodate
Birmingham's overspill population.

A new map had been submitted showing that the boundary would now start at the
foot of Church Hill and follow a field path across Church Farm instead of going
much nearer the village area.

CONCERNS were raised that every time there was a downpour of rain, the brook
that ran through Fairfield and Bournheath became polluted by crude sewage.
Belbroughton Parish Council said that the only worthwhile remedy was the
sewerage of the area and present conditions could be relieved by more frequent
emptying of cesspools at Fairfield as a whole.They requested that the work be
undertaken once a month.

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             675 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


              The Times and Democrat (Orangeburg, South Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            September 9, 2012 Sunday

County joining lawsuit against Freddie, Fannie

BYLINE: Gene Zaleski, The Times and Democrat, Orangeburg, S.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 699 words


Sept. 09--Orangeburg County has agreed to join a lawsuit against Fannie Mae and
Freddie Mac, saying it is entitled to unpaid fees from the mortgage companies.

The lawsuit claims the two federally backed companies failed to pay real estate
transfer fees over a three-year period.

Orangeburg County Administrator Harold Young said it will not cost the county
anything to participate in the lawsuit, although he was uncertain how much money
the county may receive if it wins.

"We are still looking into it," Young said.

Richland County sued Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac and the Federal Housing Finance
Agency for failing to pay real estate transfer fees.

The Federal National Mortgage Association (Fannie Mae) and the Federal Home Loan
Mortgage Corporation (Freddie Mac) are government-backed public corporations
that used to be federal agencies.

The county is represented in the lawsuit by Kyle Michel Law Firm LLC and the
Strom Law Firm LLC.

In a separate matter during Tuesday night's County Council meeting, council
unanimously approved:

A $317,513 bid from Myrtle Beach-based MJL, Inc. to place sewer lines and
manholes in the Orangeburg Country Club and Dove Point areas. As part of the
first phase of the project, the work will include part of Moore Road and Putter
Path and the entire Dove Point subdivision. The project is scheduled to begin in
October.

A $40,019 bid from Columbia-based Bonitz Flooring to replace carpet and tile in
the county's Administrative Centre building. The areas getting new floors
include the basement hallway, first-floor hallway, first-floor County Council
Chambers, second-floor administrative suites and hallway and third floor.

A $244,082 bid from Orangeburg-based Palmetto Site Prep and a $258,915 bid from
Columbia-based GH Smith for on-call water and wastewater construction for
planned county projects.

The companies will provide repairs and maintenance. Actual costs will be based
on the needed repairs.

In other business:

Council requested a presentation from TransformHealthRx Correctional Health
Service. THRX provides inmate medical services including medical, mental and
dental care.

If a contract with the company is approved, the county will pay THRX about
$364,804 in the first year based on a maximum inmate population of 350. The
county would also be responsible for medical supplies and equipment.

Orangeburg County is in the process of assuming management of the
Orangeburg-Calhoun Regional Detention Center.

Currently, two nurses and the Regional Medical Center provide medical services
at the jail. Inmates have to leave the jail to receive services.
TransformHealthRx would provide services in the jail and result in savings of a
couple of thousand dollars, Young said.

The issue was referred to committee.

Council gave first reading to an ordinance accepting a $6.7 million U.S.
Department of Agriculture Rural Development loan to provide interim financing
for the Goodby's Creek Regional Wastewater Treatment plant and Sanders Pointe
Farm Effluent Land Application site.

The wastewater plant will be located behind the John W. Matthews Jr. Industrial
Park near U.S. 301 and U.S. 176. It will serve the park and surrounding
communities.

Council gave first reading to an ordinance authorizing a line transfer and water
delivery agreement between the town of Santee and Orangeburg County. The
ordinance would allow Santee to serve customers along the portion of the U.S.
301 pipeline that extends from the city to a location just west of the
intersection of U.S. 301 and S.C. 47.

Council gave third and final reading to an ordinance postponing property
reassessment for a year. The postponement was deemed necessary to ensure
appraisers have the specific qualifications required due to changes in the law.

Council approved giving $20,000 to Santee Cooper Country and $6,000 to Elloree
from Accommodation Tax funds to promote tourism.

Entered into executive session for an economic development matter and a
contractual agreement. No vote was taken.

Contact the writer: gzaleski@timesanddemocrat.com or 803-533-5551.

___ (c)2012 The Times and Democrat (Orangeburg, S.C.) Visit The Times and
Democrat (Orangeburg, S.C.) at thetandd.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120909-GG-County-joining-lawsuit-against-Freddie-Fannie-20120909

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GG


                     Copyright 2012 The Times and Democrat


                             676 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                  The Observer

                                January 4, 1998

Rundown inner cities may be the best places to build five million new homes . .
. but where would YOU rather live?;
Government tries to head off countryside campaigners as it extends housing
target for next 20 years

BYLINE: BY BARRY HUGILL AND ROGER TREDRE

SECTION: The Observer News Page; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 1081 words


THE Government is updating the number of new homes it calculates will be needed
over the next 20 years: it anticipates up to 5.5 million units will be required,
rather than the 4.4 million previously planned.

The new target will only be met by concreting over thousands of acres of rural
England.

The projection of 4.4 million was drawn up by the Department of the Environment
under John Gummer in 1995, and has been criticised by environmentalists who
claim it overestimates demand. But Civil Service sources and housing experts
have confirmed that the Government believes it is an under -estimate. Local
authorities have been busy drawing up strategic plans based on the earlier
figure and will bitterly resist any attempt by Whitehall to force them to allow
more development.

Desperate to avert a battle with the powerful environmental lobby, the
Government is searching for ways of encouraging development in cities rather
than the country. Under consideration by the Treasury is a plan to harmonise VAT
on building.

Current legislation encourages developers to plough up greenfield sites because
they are zero-rated for VAT. But refurbishment of long-empty homes carries full
17.5 per cent VAT. Housing experts believe harmonisation at 5 per cent would not
cut revenue and would significantly boost city development.

A report commissioned by the Government on housing in London, to be published
this week, claims most of the 630,000 new households required in the capital
could be accommodated without building on greenfield sites - but only after
dramatic limits on parking and car use.

The man responsible for the future shape of both the city and the countryside is
John Prescott, the Deputy Prime Minister, who is keen to emphasise his 'green'
credentials. He claims to favour a renaissance of 'urban villages' to slow the
building of new houses in the countryside.

But he is also aware that survey after survey indicates that many people would
prefer to live in country towns and villages.

To meet that aspiration, new homes have to be built, and that means inroads into
the green belt and howls of protest from environmentalists. In one of the most
bizarre political developments of recent years, a coalition of 'shire' Tories
and green activists is taking shape, pledged to resist further development.

Professor Peter Hall of Reading University, chairman of the Town and Country
Planning Association, believes the five million projection is accurate:
'Unpopular decisions have to be taken. We are witnessing self-interest dressed
up as environmentalism. Much of the protest is another example of the not-in
-my-back-yard syndrome. We have to look at the human environment, as well as the
natural one. We tend to care about newts but not humans.'

So far Mr Prescott has upset almost every interest group in his effort to sort
out the mess. Local authorities are required to draw up plans for future growth,
and the more rural are reluctant to allow large-scale housing development. West
Sussex was prepared to grant permission for 30,700 new homes, but just before
Christmas the Deputy Prime Minister ordered 50,700. This pleased the builders
and the building societies, but outraged everyone else, from local Tory and
Liberal Democrat councillors to Friends of the Earth and countryside groups.

Later this month Friends of the Earth is linking up with the anti-roads group,
Alarm UK (new houses mean new roads), to plan a resistance campaign which will
not be confined to West Sussex. Hampshire, Cheshire, Devon, Surrey,
Gloucestershire, Somerset and Wiltshire are on a collision course with Mr
Prescott. The inevitable protest campaign will take its lead from Swampy and
friends, with genteel ladies of the shires sitting down in front of bulldozers.

The most vocal opponent of development is the Council for the Protection of
Rural England. To spearhead its opposition, it has called on the formidable duo
of Prunella Scales, immortalised as Sybil from Fawlty Towers, and Gulf War hero
Sir Peter de la Billiere. Mr Prescott is unlikely to relish a scrap with these
two.

The alternative is to encourage people to stay in the cities, but many experts
do not believe this is viable. Professor Hall has no objection to 'brownfield'
development, but doubts that more than 40 per cent of need could be met in ths
way.

Merron Simpson of the Chartered Institute of Housing is an advocate of city
regeneration, but says there are a lot of 'buts'. She says: 'The difficulty is
that brownfield sites are expensive because the land is often heavily polluted.
Maybe we should be thinking about making companies who have made the mess pay to
clean it up. Yes, we should place more emphasis on refurbishment of empty
property and conversion of unwanted office blocks and industrial buildings, but
in the end it's about what people want. Single people are more likely to stay in
the city, but increasingly they want two-bedroom units. It's the problem of
rising expectations.'

Bob Lawrence, director of the Empty Homes Agency, the Government-funded body
responsible for filling empty houses and flats, is sceptical about the projected
demand, but accepts there will have to be greenfield development.

'With the introduction of student loans, more young people will stay at home.
And cut-backs in housing benefit will probably mean more single mothers staying
with their parents.'

Ammunition for the green lobby will arrive on Tuesday, with publication of a
report commissioned by the London Planning Advisory Committee, the Government
Office for London and the Department of the Environment, Transport and the
Regions.

It claims most of the new homes needed in London could be accommodated without
building on greenfield sites.

Planning consultants Llewelyn-Davies, who wrote the report, recommend an
overhaul of Britain's low housing density guidelines. Densities as high as 500
habitable rooms per hectare could be achieved, they say, if parking spaces were
limited, compared with current densities of 125-250.

Dr Patrick Clark, technical director of Llewelyn-Davies, believes good public
transport and restrictions on car use are the crucial elements: 'Up to now, the
debate has been conducted in wholly negative terms. But the demand for new
housing presents an opportunity for urban Britain to reinvent itself.

'The truth is that Britain's town centres have too few people living in them -
not too many.'


LOAD-DATE: January 6, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 1998 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                             677 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                           January 13, 2011 Thursday

World Bank: US$40 Million for Social Housing -- 10,000 Low Income Families will
benefit

LENGTH: 601  words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, Jan. 13 -- The World Bank Board of Directors (WB) approved a US$40
million loan today for the Social Macro Projects Program in Colombia, seeking to
facilitate low income populations' access to housing with all basic services and
infrastructure.

This type of initiative is generally implemented by municipalities; however,
this priority social housing program is being promoted and executed by the
national government.

The program will help implement between four and six macro projects in several
cities around the country through a public-private partnership authorizing
construction sites and household construction.

The project will finance public-private partnerships that require the
intervention of the public sector for on-site real state integration, the
establishment of urban regulations for land use and exploitation and the
organization of additional financing schemes. The participation of the private
sector is present in the establishment of the real estate trust fund, in project
financing and the contracting of a private party for its execution.

This public-private co-responsibility model allows builders to assume part of
the project's risks (financial and building, among others) while boosting that
sector's future management capacity through the experience generated by this
program.

"I am extremely pleased for the support of the World Bank that will help
Colombia to address the housing problem facing thousands of Colombian families
who are in need for a place to live.

We are making the greatest effort possible to provide timely solutions to
low-income households, especially those located in areas where risks cannot be
mitigated. Support from this loan will support housing development for six
macroproyects, which account for about 8,000 to 10,000 homes and aims to improve
the living standards for those most in need," said Beatriz Uribe, Minister for
the Environment, Housing and Land Development (MAVDT).

The initiative seeks the following objectives:

*Build priority social housing, with quality and dignity;

* Develop infrastructure (water supply and sanitation, drainage, transportation
and mobility structures, gas and energy networks) for low income social sectors;

* Improve the government's institutional capacity in land management for low
income households; and

* Produce a series of studies to increase the management and executive capacity
of the building sector in Colombia.

"With this project we support the Colombian government's efforts to reduce the
national housing deficit through the development of an innovative public-private
financial management model. We will continue to work for those who need it the
most," said Gloria Grandolini, World Bank Director for Colombia and Mexico.

The Program will be implemented between 2011 and 2014. It involves a mix of
implementation, monitoring and supervisory activities concentrated nationally at
the Ministry for the Environment, Housing and Land Development (MAVDT) and the
National Housing Fund (FONVIVIENDA). The MAVDT will be the recipient and
executor of the loan through FONVIVIENDA, a body attached to the MAVDT.

The total cost of the program is estimated at US$74.7 million, US$40 million of
which will be financed by the World Bank and the remainder by project
developers.

This is a US dollar-denominated loan, with a fixed margin interest rate + LIBOR.
The project is expected to end December 31st, 2014. Published by HT Syndication
with permission from Daily Pak Banker. For any query with respect to this
article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             678 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                           January 13, 2011 Thursday

World Bank: US$40 Million for Social Housing -- 10,000 Low Income Families will
benefit-143

LENGTH: 601  words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, Jan. 13 -- The World Bank Board of Directors (WB) approved a US$40
million loan today for the Social Macro Projects Program in Colombia, seeking to
facilitate low income populations' access to housing with all basic services and
infrastructure.

This type of initiative is generally implemented by municipalities; however,
this priority social housing program is being promoted and executed by the
national government.

The program will help implement between four and six macro projects in several
cities around the country through a public-private partnership authorizing
construction sites and household construction.

The project will finance public-private partnerships that require the
intervention of the public sector for on-site real state integration, the
establishment of urban regulations for land use and exploitation and the
organization of additional financing schemes. The participation of the private
sector is present in the establishment of the real estate trust fund, in project
financing and the contracting of a private party for its execution.

This public-private co-responsibility model allows builders to assume part of
the project's risks (financial and building, among others) while boosting that
sector's future management capacity through the experience generated by this
program.

"I am extremely pleased for the support of the World Bank that will help
Colombia to address the housing problem facing thousands of Colombian families
who are in need for a place to live.

We are making the greatest effort possible to provide timely solutions to
low-income households, especially those located in areas where risks cannot be
mitigated. Support from this loan will support housing development for six
macroproyects, which account for about 8,000 to 10,000 homes and aims to improve
the living standards for those most in need," said Beatriz Uribe, Minister for
the Environment, Housing and Land Development (MAVDT).

The initiative seeks the following objectives:

* Build priority social housing, with quality and dignity;

* Develop infrastructure (water supply and sanitation, drainage, transportation
and mobility structures, gas and energy networks) for low income social sectors;

* Improve the government's institutional capacity in land management for low
income households; and

* Produce a series of studies to increase the management and executive capacity
of the building sector in Colombia.

"With this project we support the Colombian government's efforts to reduce the
national housing deficit through the development of an innovative public-private
financial management model. We will continue to work for those who need it the
most," said Gloria Grandolini, World Bank Director for Colombia and Mexico.

The Program will be implemented between 2011 and 2014. It involves a mix of
implementation, monitoring and supervisory activities concentrated nationally at
the Ministry for the Environment, Housing and Land Development (MAVDT) and the
National Housing Fund (FONVIVIENDA). The MAVDT will be the recipient and
executor of the loan through FONVIVIENDA, a body attached to the MAVDT.

The total cost of the program is estimated at US$74.7 million, US$40 million of
which will be financed by the World Bank and the remainder by project
developers.

This is a US dollar-denominated loan, with a fixed margin interest rate + LIBOR.
The project is expected to end December 31st, 2014. Published by HT Syndication
with permission from Daily Pak Banker. For any query with respect to this
article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             679 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           Canberra Times (Australia)

                       January 12, 1999, Tuesday Edition

KICKSTART 'SUCCESSFUL' IN HELPING HOME BUYERS

BYLINE: GRAHAM COOKE

SECTION: Part A; Page 4

LENGTH: 535 words


The ACT Government's Kickstart home-buying program has been wound up - with
Urban Services Minister Brendan Smyth claiming it was a complete success.

He said the program, which ended as scheduled on December 31, had helped 610
people get into homes, and given boosts to the real estate and construction
industries.

It assisted people on low and moderate incomes, and eligible public-housing
tenants, to buy their own homes with a grant of $5000 towards the deposit, and
other concessions relating to stamp duty, legal and mortgage costs.

Mr Smyth said Kickstart had been set up when the housing industry was going
through a slump. Now the economy was improving and the program had clearly
served its purpose.

A spokesman for Mr Smyth's office said the Government had kept a tight grip on
land releases since a big surplus was identified in 1993 and '94.

As a result much of the slack has been taken up, and we are returning to normal
the spokesman said.

Nationally, the Colonial State Bank says activity in the building industry
flattened towards the end of 1998, but does not show signs of entering a
significant slump. To a large extent this reflects a lack of oversupply and the
gentle upswing of the last housing cycle, together with relatively easy monetary
the bank says.

Overall approvals for dwellings rose 0.3 per cent in November after a 2.1 per
cent gain in October. They are down 5.1 per cent on a year ago.

Queensland, with a fall of 19.6 per cent over the past 12 months, is the worst
hit, but state president Ross Wallace predicts these very conditions have
created a buyer's market which should bear fruit during 1999.

Increased consumer confidence became apparent towards the end of 1998 and
although it may take some time, perhaps up to nine months, we should eventually
see sales activity on the he said.  A rates revaluation of Yarrowlumla Shire
indicates a strengthening house-site market on a low base at Captains Flat, but
prices down 10 per cent from 1994 levels at Bungendore and Sutton.

There were also mixed re sults among hobby farms and rural home sites. Prices at
Geary's Gap, Fernleigh Park, Radcliffe and Burra have fallen between 3 and 15
per cent, but those at Hoskingtown are up 10 per cent - again from a low base.
The house at 17 McLachlan Crescent, Weetangera, featured in the Sunday Des Res
column late last year, sold before the scheduled auction for $405,000, a record
price for the suburb, Mike Liddiard, of Raine and Horne (Belconnen), said.

He said the previous owners, who had built the house, were pleased with the
price, and the fact it was going to a family. The buyers are tennis players and
I think the court that comes with the house clinched he said.

Meanwhile, the turn-out at an exhibition of former ANU duplexes on Sunday was
outstanding, Andrew Chamberlain, of Peter Blackshaw Real Estate, said. The
duplex complex was the subject of Sunday's Des Res.

On a normal exhibition day we give out about 10 information he said. For this
one I prepared 40 and they were all gone in the first seven minutes. I had to
send back to the office for another 50.154 He said about 20 of the 70 homes were
now sold.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 1999

LANGUAGE: English

             Copyright 1999 The Federal Capital Press of Australia
                                  Pty Limited


                             680 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The Daily Yomiuri

                           January 11, 1994, Tuesday

Housing corp. refuses;
bulk of land offerings

BYLINE: Yomiuri Shimbun

SECTION: Pg. 8

LENGTH: 246 words


Only one parcel of land has so far been deemed appropriate for residential use
out of about 500 properties offered for sale by private landowners to the
government-financed Housing and Urban Development Corp. between April and
September 1993, the government agency said Monday.

It blamed the poor showing on the fact that much of the land offered was too
expensive and too small to build condominiums.

Many of the properties offered include real estate held by financial
institutions which collected the land as collateral from bad loans. Other
properties, offered by developers, were originally meant for commercial uses.

Of the 500 applications, the housing corporation has turned down 395. Sixty-four
were rated too expensive and more than 50 were too narrow for a site to build
housing complexes accommodating more than 50 families.

The corporation is now assessing about 80 remaining applications, but it said
only a few application will be accepted.

Observers said the corporation's inability to purchase properties being held as
collateral could result in calls from landowners for the government to use
public funds directly to purchase real estate.

A committee on land reform formed by the Sakigake and the Japan New Party, both
part of the ruling coalition, has proposed that the government disburse public
funds from its fiscal investment and loan program for the purchase of land held
by financial institutions for urban development projects.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 1994 The Daily Yomiuri


                             681 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        Las Vegas (Nev.) Review-Journal

                            November 7, 2004, Sunday

Real estate instructor encourages Las Vegas new-home buyers to persevere

BYLINE: By Hubble Smith

LENGTH: 608 words



First-time home buyers who are having a hard time finding affordable housing in
Las Vegas shouldn't throw in the towel, a real estate instructor said.

A number of city, state and federal programs are available to assist those who
meet annual income guidelines set by the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban
Development.

Ozzie Boyle, who teaches a free class every Tuesday on first-time home buyer
programs, said the city of Henderson has a program that provides up to 4 percent
of the purchase price plus closing costs, with a deferred payment loan at no
interest.

Buyers must make a minimum investment of $ 750 and have less than $ 10,000 in
assets, not including automobiles and furniture.

The cities of Las Vegas and North Las Vegas have home-buyer assistance programs
with as little as a $ 500 minimum investment. Clark County's program allows $
25,000 in assets.

Nevada Fair Housing Center has "Catch the Dream," a loan program that requires
no minimum credit score and matches buyers' savings at 4-to-1, with a minimum
contribution of $ 25 a month for 12 months.

"The reason I'm doing this is you have all these programs and no one has a forum
to explain all six or seven of these programs," said Boyle, who holds the class
at 6:30 p.m. Tuesdays in the Wells Fargo branch at 2231 N. Green Valley Parkway.

"Part of it is educating these kids that they don't necessarily have to have a
house. You can get a condo. It's almost like a feeding frenzy here in the desert
to get a brand-new home. Kids are still thinking that way."

Annual household income must not exceed $ 31,650 for one person, $ 36,150 for
two people, $ 40,700 for three and $ 45,200 for a family of four or more.

"It's hard to find people with low income and good credit," said Ron Trunk of
Citizens for Affordable Homes in Carson City. "The trick is to find hard-working
people with decent credit. They don't have to have cash."

Citizens for Affordable Homes helps families build homes in rural areas of
Nevada using federal money from the U.S. Department of Agriculture. The group
built 25 homes in Dayton and has 30 acres in Pahrump, where the average home
price will be $ 130,000, Trunk said.

The families are spared the down payment, but must work 35 hours a week split
between the head of household and spouse helping to build the house.

"It's a federal program, it's not free," Trunk said. "These families have to
qualify, they pay interest on the loan, they pay taxes. This is the hardest
program that anybody will ever do other than having a baby."

The Agriculture Department provides money for the first deed on the home and
Affordable Homes uses other money for additional assistance.

For example, if someone qualifies for $ 100,000 and the house costs $ 130,000,
the extra $ 30,000 can be covered as a silent second mortgage with no interest
payments until the home is refinanced or sold, Trunk said.

Boyle's Web site is www.realestatefordummies.net. Trunk's is www.cahinev.org.

Housing Opportunities Programs and Education, a nonprofit organization, is
sponsoring a meeting for prospective home buyers and sellers on at 6:30 p.m.,
Nov. 15 at Cimmaron-Rose Community Center, 5591 N. Cimmaron Road.

Information will be presented on how to obtain grants for down payment
assistance.

Home inspection companies, mortgage lenders, title companies and home repair
experts will attend, along with Realtor Dawn Lane of Century 21 Barrett, founder
of HOPE.


-----

To see more of the Las Vegas Review-Journal, or to subscribe to the newspaper,
go to http://www.lvrj.com.


LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

KR-ACC-NO: LV-HOME-20041107

JOURNAL-CODE: LV

               Copyright 2004 Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News
                 Copyright 2004 Las Vegas (Nev.) Review-Journal


                             682 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                            December 13, 2010 Monday

WB: US$30 Million for Water and Sanitation in 200 Rural Communities in Peru

LENGTH: 634  words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, Dec. 13 -- The World Bank Board of Directors approved additional
financing worth US$30 million for the National Rural Water and Sanitation
Program (PRONASAR) to expand the coverage and sustainability of water and
sanitation services in rural areas of Peru.

Through this new loan, the World Bank supports the efforts undertaken by
PRONASAR to guarantee that remote communities have access to more and better
water and sanitation services. Moreover, this project will keep promoting the
adoption of good hygiene practices through communications campaigns.

"To date, PRONASAR has managed to build and rehabilitate water and sanitation
systems in 283 rural communities, decisively contributing to an improvement in
the quality of life and health of the most vulnerable populations," said Vanessa
Vereau, General Coordinator of the National Rural Water and Sanitation Program
Management Unit, part of Peru's Ministry of Housing, Construction and
Sanitation.

This additional financing will provide clean water sources to close to 320,000
people in approximately 200 communities, through the expansion and repair of
water supply systems with an emphasis on the creation and training of Management
Committees for Sanitation Services (JASS) to guarantee service sustainability.
New water supplies consist of piping networks with home connections, public
pools, protection of springs, wells or rainwater capture systems, according to
the preferences and possibilities of communities consulted in the process prior
to construction.

"New facilities will be sustainable in the long term through efficient planning
and skilled labor guaranteeing high quality water services, adequate training
for those responsible for operations and expanded education on hygiene. These
investments will contribute to the improvement of quality of life in rural
communities," said Felipe Jaramillo, World Bank Director for Bolivia, Chile,
Ecuador, Peru and Venezuela.

The project is composed of three items:

1. Finance the construction, rehabilitation and expansion of rural water and
sanitation systems; provide on-site sanitation solutions, as well as technical
assistance for the establishment of new Management Committees for Sanitation
Services (JASS) and the reinforcement of existing ones to promote education on
hygiene.

2. Provide pilot technical assistance to establish specialized operators, as
well as private or municipal cooperatives, in order to invest in management,
rehabilitation, improvement and expansion of water supply and sanitation
services.

3. Strengthen the capacity of the Vice-Ministry of Sanitation and National
Sanitation Directorate with regards to policies and regulatory functions related
to rural sanitation, support district municipalities' role in monitoring and
controlling services and personnel training, and selected studies, as well as
the establishment and maintenance of a Sectorial Information System.

This operation forms an integral part of a World Bank package that includes
financing, technical assistance, knowledge, and coordination and notification
services, in order to support the government and provide better solutions to the
problem of water service shortages due to the effects of climate change, in an
integral manner.

The total cost of this project is US$50.9 million, US$30 million of which will
be financed by the World Bank and US$20.9 million by the government counterpart.

This investment loan has a variable interest rate (LIBOR), a short, 12-year
maturity period, and includes an 11-year grace period. The finalization of this
project is programmed for December, 2013. Published by HT Syndication with
permission from Daily Pak Banker. For any query with respect to this article or
any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             683 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             Sunday Times (London)

                            February 8, 2004, Sunday

Landlords reap rewards from farmland

BYLINE: Kathryn Cooper

SECTION: Features; Money; 5

LENGTH: 1288 words


Buy-to-let investors are turning to more unusual properties, such as farms and
new developments in eastern Europe. By Kathryn Cooper.

INVESTORS are moving away from traditional buy-to-let and seeking more exotic
ways to profit from property.

Some have been buying farmland, pushing prices to a record high, according to
the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors (Rics).

Firms are cashing in on the appetite for alternative property investments with
new funds. Here, we assess your options.

Buying farmland

About half of all people buying rural land are not farmers. In the southeast,
the proportion is about 65%. These buyers typically look for rural land with a
residential property in which they can live for at least part of the year. The
property might also have outbuildings that could be redeveloped and let out as a
holiday home or as office units. Local farmers might be contracted to manage the
land.

Julian Sayers of Rics said: "Prices are rising as rural land becomes an
appealing investment for those with cash to spend in the property market. We may
well see this trend continue when City bonuses are announced.

"Rural land and conventional residential property are equally attractive long
term investments. In both cases, prices are kept high by a lack of supply. With
land, however, you get the chance to enjoy the countryside for at least part of
the year."

It does not come cheap, however. On average, you might pay between Pounds
500,000 and £1m for a modest 50 or 60-acre farm with a residential property in
England or Wales, according to Rics.

Most of the big banks and building societies have agricultural divisions that
will offer mortgages on farmland, but you must usually have a deposit of between
25% and 50%. Mortgage rates are normally higher than for residential loans; you
might pay between one and five percentage points above the base rate, or up to
9% at a base rate of 4%.

Farmland also enjoys tax breaks. Normally, your heirs pay inheritance tax (IHT)
on the value of your estate above the annual exemption, currently Pounds
255,000. If you own rural land and rent it to a farmer, however, it becomes
exempt from IHT once you have owned it for seven years. Alternatively, if you
set up a business that has a contract with the farmer, the land becomes exempt
from IHT after two years.

Investors also pay a lower rate of capital-gains tax (CGT) on any profits if the
land is let or contracted to a farming business. The rate of CGT for a higher
rate taxpayer would be just 10% if you had owned the farm for two years or more,
compared with between 24% and 40% for most other assets.

Always take specialist advice before buying farmland. Sayers said: "Ask what
your responsibilities might be. Your plot of land might include a site of
special scientific interest, for example, and you would be responsible for its
management.

It is also essential that your surveyor finds out about previous uses that may
have contaminated the land."

Buying off plan

A number of companies have launched investment schemes that purchase property
"off plan", or before they are built. Last week, for example, Urban Exposure, an
investment company, launched its Property Trading Plan. The fund will pool your
money with that of other investors to buy homes before construction starts and
then sell them before completion.

Say a building company has planning permission to construct a property that will
be completed in two years' time. If the home were standing today, it might be
worth £100,000.

An investor could sign a contract with the builder to buy the property in two
years for £100,000. The builder has hedged against the risk that the home will
be worth less in two years' time; the investor gets an opportunity to profit if
it is worth more. You would usually have to put down a deposit of 10%, or
£10,000

Suppose the property is worth £200,000 two years later. The investor agrees to
sell it to another buyer just before completion, so he or she never actually
takes possession.

Out of the £200,000 from the sale, the investor must pay the builder £90,000
(£100,000 minus the deposit of £10,000), leaving a gain of £110,000 for an
initial outlay of £10,000 -a 1,000% profit.

The investor would have to pay CGT on the profit, but would not be liable for
stamp duty because he or she has never completed on the property.

The risks of purchasing off plan are high. David Bitner of the Marketplace at
Bradford & Bingley, an adviser, said:

"People have been lucky over the past few years because prices have soared,
producing huge gains. In the future, however, it might not be so easy.

"As more investors get in on the act there is a greater risk that the market
will be oversupplied with properties when you want to get out of the deal, and
you could struggle to get the right price."

If house prices slide, off-plan investors may find themselves with a contract to
buy property for more than its value.

Imagine that in the above example the value of the £100,000 property falls to
£80,000 over two years. The investor cannot sell and must therefore honour the
contract to buy the home for £90,000.

The investor might be able to get a mortgage of only £68,000 (85% of £80,000)
and would therefore by forced to fork out another £22,000, on top of the
deposit, to buy the home.

Mike Boles of Savills Private Finance, an adviser, said: "Some of these funds
may be jumping on the 'off plan' bandwagon a little late. Investors have made
big money from the strategy in recent years, but it is unlikely to contine
indefinitely.

"Always find out exactly where the fund will invest. There may be limited
opportunities in London and the southeast, but better prospects in the north.

Buying overseas

Landlords are being tempted into property hotspots overseas, particularly
eastern Europe, as fears grow that the market in Britain has peaked. Property
prices in countries such as the Czech Republic are expected to boom over the
next few years as their economies are boosted by entry into the European Union.

Letterstone, a property firm, recently offered investors the chance to buy flats
in a development in Prague. The properties were offered "off plan" at a discount
of up to 17% of their value. Investors put down an initial deposit and will have
to pay the balance on completion, when they can keep the property and let it -or
sell.

But investors in eastern Europe should take care. Boles said: "The property and
mortgage markets are immature. Buying off plan is always a punt, particularly in
a market of which you have little understanding.

"Mortgages may be difficult -although not impossible -to arrange, and the local
rental market could be unproven. I suggest using a British lawyer with a local
affiliate to provide an independent evaluation."

Investors are also being bombarded with "sale and leaseback" deals, where you
buy a property and nominate several weeks a year when you will have sole use.

Then you lease it back to the developer who manages the property and lets it out
for the rest of the year. In return, you get a pre-arranged income.

Schemes often guarantee minimum rental yields of 6% to 7%, but these assume you
buy the property for cash and do not need to use the rental income to cover a
mortgage.

You do not usually have complete freedom over when you sell; the scheme may tie
you in for a number of years.

Experts also warn that some plans are not well-regulated, so there may be no
redress if they collapse. They usually recommend that you employ an independent
solicitor to value your property before signing up to an overseas scheme.


LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2004 Times Newspapers Limited


                             684 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                           December 14, 1997, Sunday

Cell tower placement riles rural residents

BYLINE: TIM GRANT

SECTION: NORTH OF TAMPA; ZONING; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 829 words

DATELINE: ODESSA



   In an area of cypress stands and scenic, rural vistas, a 200-foot
communications tower might stick out like a . . . like a 200-foot tower sticks
out almost anywhere, only more so.

That's why a group of homeowners oppose a rezoning request to locate a  cellular
communications tower at the intersection of Hutchison and Wilcox  roads.

They gave the zoning hearing master a list of 83 signatures from residents  of
Lake Leclare, Country Place, Belle Meade and Belle Glen.

Property owner Natalie Worthington has big plans for the 27-acre site. She
intends to divide the land into four pieces that would include a housing
development, a recreation area, town homes and the communications tower.

But although towers can be unsightly, so are TECO stations, GTE telephone  lines
and government pump stations. All of them are needed by the community  and so
are communications towers, said zoning hearing master Andrew Baker.

Baker has recommended that the communications tower be approved. He tends  to
think it might even be camouflaged by the cypress trees. County  commissioners
will decide the issue on Jan. 13. (Petition No. 97-0371KE)

KEYSTONE: County commissioners remanded the Toll Brothers project back to  the
zoning hearing master to review traffic issues that have been brought up  about
Race Track Road.

Toll Brothers Inc. plans to build a residential project on 322 acres north  of
Race Track Road and east of Nine Eagles Road. The development would include  a
golf course, two clubhouses, an over-water driving range, 167 detached  single
family homes and 258 town homes.

Commissioners are concerned about the impact that traffic would have on  Race
Track Road, a designated scenic corridor, and have asked the zoning  hearing
master to gather more information. (Petition No. 97-0319)

KEYSTONE: One of the largest residential developments proposed in the  Keystone
area is being considered by the zoning hearing master.

Representatives of FL Tampa West Inc. have asked to rezone 210 acres from
planned development research corporate park to planned development.

The company wants to build up to 300 attached and/or detached single family  or
multifamily homes a quarter of a mile north of Race Track Road, on the west
side of Nine Eagles Road.

The zoning hearing master will make his recommendation on Dec. 22. County
commissioners will vote on the proposal Jan. 13. (Petition No. RZ 98-0019)

KEYSTONE: Reptron Electronics wants to reduce the acreage and development
rights of Tri-County Business Park in order to develop up to 300 single or
multifamily homes.

Reptron also wants the 386 acres to be significantly modified to permit  400,000
square feet of industrial use rather than the originally approved  3.7-million
square feet.

While the company is selling 210 acres for a housing development to the  north,
it is retaining 115 acres it doesn't use and is asking the county to  designate
the parcel for a 100,000-square-foot office building and another
150,000-square-foot manufacturing and warehouse facility.

Reptron's current factory has 150,000 square feet. Commissioners also will  vote
on this proposal Jan. 13. (Petition No. MM 98-0041)

NORTHDALE: Landowner Arthur Schaer's proposal to build 19 homes northwest  of
Gaither High School will go before the zoning hearing master on Monday.

Schaer, an Odessa resident, proposes the houses for 9 acres he bought at  the
southern foot of Woodacre Lane. He wants to extend Woodacre to the south  and
east, around a 2 1/2-acre cypress stand.

The land is currently zoned agricultural. Schaer is asking for a planned
development zoning. (Petition No. RZ 98-56 KE)

WESTCHASE: The zoning hearing master on Monday will hear Westchase's
developer's request to remove the office designation from 26 acres in order to
build about 120 "courtyard" homes.

The homes would face a landscaped community walkway with small yards and  low
fences, but no street. The garages would be accessible from rear alleys.  In
case the concept doesn't appeal to buyers, Westchase has also sought  permission
to develop apartments on the property.

Westchase wants to switch 2 acres on Sheldon Road, north of Linebaugh, to a
retail designation instead of offices.

Because Westchase received "entitlements" to a large area of development  in its
original rezoning, such shifts of uses from one parcel to another is  considered
a "major modification," not a rezoning. (Petition No. MM 98-64)

Where and when

Hearings of county zoning hearing masters and land-use hearing officers, and
land-use meetings of the County Commission are held on the second floor of the
County Center, 601 E Kennedy Blvd. Zoning hearings begin at 6 p.m. and
commission meetings begin at 9 a.m. Both are televised live on
government-access channels. The land-use hearings, which are not televised,
begin at 9 a.m. For information, call 272-5920.

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: NORTH OF TAMPA

GRAPHIC: COLOR PHOTO; People involved in Act One Theater Project.

TYPE: COLUMN

                    Copyright 1997 Times Publishing Company


                             685 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            February 8, 2004 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

Revitalization Corporation Plays It Close to the Vest

BYLINE: Debbi Wilgoren

SECTION: Metro; C05 , OFF THE BEAT: D.C. DEVELOPMENT Debbi Wilgoren

LENGTH: 627 words


The National Capital Revitalization Corporation, the District's publicly
chartered real estate firm, has earmarked more than $20 million to buy a
blighted retail complex in the Hillcrest neighborhood of Southeast Washington
and prepare it for redevelopment as a more upscale shopping center.

Officials are seeking a short-term federal loan, and may borrow D.C. capital
funds, to make some initial land purchases. They are taking steps toward using
tax-increment financing -- which lets retailers or developers borrow money to
launch a project, then pay back the loans using a percentage of the taxes
generated by the project -- as an incentive to draw popular stores to the site.

But officials at the revitalization corporation are reluctant to talk about the
plan.

They say they don't want prices to climb for the 18 parcels that make up the
20-acre Skyland site and are owned by 15 individuals or corporate partnerships,
some of whom have sought to have parts of the 55-year-old shopping center
declared a historic landmark that could not be torn down.

"We don't want to expose ourselves and drive up the costs," said Theodore
Carter, chief executive of the revitalization corporation. "It's an expensive
project."

That's why a news release issued after a board meeting late last month made no
mention of the $28.7 million the corporation will make when it completes sale of
a parcel near Union Station to an office developer late this year. The board
plans to set aside much of the money to purchase and develop the Skyland site,
off Alabama Avenue SE -- a case in which downtown profits would directly benefit
an underserved neighborhood.

Buried near the bottom of the announcement is a vaguely worded paragraph that
refers to, but does not fully explain, what the board actually voted for at its
Jan. 21 meeting: to direct Carter to seek permission from the city to use
eminent domain, if necessary, to buy part of the Skyland site; to ask the D.C.
Council to authorize tax-increment financing for the project; to seek a bridge
loan from the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development for land
purchases.

The board was not actually borrowing any money or authorizing any financing or
seizing any property -- it was merely launching the multi-step process required
to make some or all of those things happen.

But Carter and Eric W. Price, the District's deputy mayor for economic
development, acknowledge that the actions are important to the project, which is
strongly supported by Hillcrest residents and civic leaders.

So why not shout it from the hilltops, instead of putting out a public
announcement that opens with lots of old information about the developer chosen
to build the new shopping center?

Peggy Armstrong, the revitalization corporation's communications director, who
came from the mayor's office, took some responsibility, saying she may have
underestimated the importance of the seemingly small first steps in the process.

But she also said the three-year-old corporation, although congressionally
chartered and launched with $25 million in public funding, is still learning to
balance the need for public accountability with its private-sector desire to
keep details of deals quiet until they are done.

Carter stressed that the land acquisition was simply the first obstacle and said
he hoped the public would be patient as the corporation tried to move forward.

"If the private sector could do it, it would be done already," Carter said,
adding that there are years of hard work ahead before residents may be able to
shop at a new center. "If we're clicking on all cylinders, and the city
[government] is moving, we could probably get it done and have a ribbon-cutting
in three years," he said. "But that's a best-case scenario."

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2004 The Washington Post


                             686 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Taos News (New Mexico)

                            August 28, 2008 Thursday

ENVIRONMENTAL BRIEFS

SECTION: VALLE VISTA/REGIONAL; Pg. B-9

LENGTH: 474 words


Taos Canyon campgrounds closed

The concessionaire who was overseeing three overnight campgrounds up Taos Canyon
has resigned, forcing Carson National Forest officials to shut the gates for the
rest of the year.

Hikers and anglers can still access the Río Fernando and trails by parking
outside the locked gates at Las Petacas, Capulín and La Sombra campgrounds along
US 64, according to Carson Forest spokesperson Kathy DeLucas.

However, no overnight camping will be allowed for the rest of the season.

Forest officials will put out requests for bids in the fall in order to hire
another concessionaire, who lives at the site and collects overnight fees.

'Green' Habitat streamlines rules

After several meetings, Habitat for Humanity-Taos has developed criteria for an
affordable-housing design competition.

Addressing both a shortage of low-priced housing and a trend toward
energy-efficient construction, Habitat is seeking template designs for two- and
three-bedroom homes, and two- and four-plex apartment buildings.

An ad hoc committee has developed guidelines and requirements for competition
submissions that focus on low energy use and recycled materials.

Cash prizes for the best plans range from $1,000 to $5,000, following judging by
construction and energy experts.

For more information, call Jim O'Donnell at (505) 779-1181.

Water, wastewater funding online

New Mexico Environment Department officials have streamlined the application
process for municipalities and other government entities seeking water and
wastewater funding.

Now, only one form will have to be filled out when applying for state and
federal funding. That form is available at: http://ufa.nmenv.state.nm.us.

Funding agencies on the Web site include state Environment Department,
Department of Finance and Administration, New Mexico Finance Authority, Water
Trust Board, state legislative Capital Outlay Subcommittee, U.S. Department of
Agriculture's Rural Development and U.S. Army Corps of Engineers.

Gov. Bill Richardson created the Water and Wastewater Infrastructure Development
Division in order to ease the burden of applying for grants and loans.

For information, go to the Web site or call (877) 654-8720.

Non-commercial

forest-owners get help

The 2008 Farm Bill includes cost-sharing programs for people who own forest land
but do not produce timber products.

The Environment Quality Incentives Program offers financial assistance for
forest management, such as planting, thinning and slash treatment.

According to the Natural Resources Conservation Service, eight percent of New
Mexico forests are privately owned; 45 percent of American forests are
non-public lands.

The agency also has wildlife habitat, conservation and health forest incentive
programs from private landowners.

For information, go to www.nm.nrcs.usda.gov and click on Programs.

-- Compiled by Andy Dennison

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: See pdf's for exact rendition, caption, graphics and photographer info.


PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2008 The Taos News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             687 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                              May 14, 2010 Friday

The Journal Record Business Briefs: May 14, 2010

BYLINE: The Journal Record Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1221  words


TU's Business College receives certificate in knowledge management The
University of Tulsa's Collins College of Business Center for Executive and
Professional Development has been awarded a new certificate in Integrated
Knowledge and Project Management. The three-course certificate for business and
industry offers a platform for taking lessons from projects and incorporating
data and the human process improvements back into the company's organizational
knowledge base. "Many companies are beginning to realize that baby boomer
retirement may mean key operational knowledge literally walks out the door,"
said Linda Adlof, director of the Center for Executive and Professional
Development. "Organizational knowledge may be a company's competitive advantage.
Certificate participants will learn a model for capturing and transferring the
knowledge not just for the next project, but for the long-term sustainability of
the company. " This three-course certificate, presented in partnership with
consultant Chuck Tyron, is comprised of three single-day courses - Project Based
Knowledge Management, Modern Project Management and Creating Quality Plans.
Participants may enroll in individual courses or the three-day certificate. A
single course is $395 and the fee for all three courses is $995. For
information, call (918) 631-2784.

Cole appoints Powell as field representative U.S. Sen. Tom Cole, R-Okla., has
appointed Tyler Powell as field representative in the Lawton region. Powell will
be replacing Keri Dennis, who has accepted a position with Triangle Insurance
Co. Powell recently graduated from Oklahoma State University with a degree in
agribusiness. He served as an intern in the Oklahoma House and Senate
agriculture committees.

U.S. Cellular expands Sapulpa area network U.S. Cellular has completed
construction of an additional cell site in Sapulpa. A new 105-foot site off of
Highway 66 near E. Line Street will increase U.S. Cellular's coverage for the
east side of the city of Sapulpa and will also complement U.S. Cellular's
statewide network of 635 towers.

Frontier Country offers 'Hour with an Expert' Frontier Country Marketing
Association's "Hour With an Expert" marketing meeting is scheduled at 10 a.m.
Thursday at the Cox Media offices, 6301 Waterford Blvd., Suite 305, Oklahoma
City. Topics will include using Cox Media's entertainment networks for
marketing. "It seems like we are all hesitant when it comes to selling our
product on television," said Sherri Rogers, executive director of Frontier
Country Marketing Association. "This is a great opportunity to overcome any
fears and concerns our tourism businesses may have. Additionally, we will learn
more about its affordability, what networks work best for showcasing our
products and the best ways to reach our target markets. " The marketing meeting
is free to all Frontier Country members and $10 for nonmembers. Call (405)
232-6552 by Tuesday for reservations.

USDA seeks applicants for rural housing grant program The U.S. Department of
Agriculture Rural Development is accepting applications for the Housing
Preservation Grant program. June 28 is the deadline for organizations to file
applications, said Ryan McMullen, USDA Rural Development state director. The
program is part of the Obama administration's efforts to improve access to
affordable housing in rural areas, McMullen said. Applicants may include public
agencies, nonprofit organizations and federally recognized tribal governments
that will use the grant money to assist very low- and low-income rural
homeowners repair their homes. The program offers assistance to rental property
owners and cooperative housing complexes in rural areas to rehabilitate units in
exchange for making the units available to very low- and low-income people. Last
year, five Oklahoma organizations shared nearly $250,000 in grant awards to help
about 60 individuals. Last year's projects ranged from providing storm shelters,
to replacing leaking roofs or deteriorated siding, to installing windows, doors,
and insulation. "I am confident that Oklahoma organizations will continue to
submit solid applications to this unique federal program," said McMullen. "The
small taxpayer investment and very modest home improvements can make a very
large impact in the lives of rural Oklahomans. " For information, call (800)
522-3819.

Sandler Training opens in Oklahoma City Sandler Training, a corporate training
organization, has opened an office in Oklahoma City. Mike Crandall is owner and
principal of Sandler Training in Oklahoma City. He has management experience
with DeWalt/Black and Decker, James Hardie Building Products and Propex.
Crandall is a graduate of the University of Nebraska and has a master's of
business administration from Oklahoma Christian University. Founded in 1967,
Sandler Training provides sales, management and leadership training. Sandler's
network includes more than 250 trainers and consultants.

Public meeting set on Drinking Water State Revolving Fund The Water Quality
Division of the Department of Environmental Quality has scheduled a public
hearing on the Drinking Water State Revolving Fund at 1:30 p.m. June 14 at DEQ's
Oklahoma City offices, 707 N. Robinson Ave., Oklahoma City. The meeting was
scheduled to answer questions and receive public input on the state fiscal year
2011 intended use plan, the priority ranking system and the project priority
list for the Drinking Water State Revolving Fund. The intended use plan outlines
uses for federal money allocated to Oklahoma and lists the projects as ranked
for financing by the priority ranking system. The Drinking Water State Revolving
Fund was established by the passage of the Safe Drinking Water Act Amendments of
1996. The act authorized money to be used by states to establish a revolving
loan fund to address drinking water infrastructure needs and correct other water
system deficiencies that might result in violations of drinking water standards.
A copy of the draft plan will be available at www.deq.state.ok.us/WQDnew/dwsrf.

18 Tulsa Shock games to be televised At least 18 of the Tulsa Shock's 34
regular-season WNBA games will be televised. Cox Communications will air 15
Shock basketball games on the Cox Channel, including five games that will also
appear on Fox Sports Oklahoma simultaneously and one exclusively. Two games will
be televised nationally on ESPN2. "This is yet another milestone for our
organization in partnering with two great local media partners in Cox
Communications and Fox Sports Oklahoma," said Steve Swetoha, Tulsa Shock
president. "We appreciate the support and fervor with which this agreement came
about. " The first televised game was the season opener on Saturday against the
Minnesota Lynx. The next televised will be the game Thursday against the San
Antonio Silver Stars at the BOK Center in Tulsa, which will be televised on the
Cox Channel and Fox Sports Oklahoma. Games on May 25 against the Phoenix
Mercury, the defending WNBA champion, and June 13 against the Los Angeles Sparks
will be televised nationally on ESPN2. The Shock, owned by a group of investors
led by Oklahoma businessmen Bill Cameron and David Box, moved to Tulsa from
Detroit in October. Nolan Richardson was named general manager and head coach
shortly thereafter. The WNBA has 12 teams.

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             688 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                  April 27, 2005 Wednesday, RT. 9 WEST EDITION

Water districts to get grants, loans for repairs and upgrades

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 537 words


The Leicester Water District, the Oxford/Rochdale Sewer District and the Warren
Water District will receive loan and grant money Friday from Rural Development,
an agency of the U.S. Department of Agriculture.

The Warren Water District will receive a loan of $1,425,000 and a grant of
$405,000 for the repair and improvement of the water system at 9:30 a.m. Friday
at the town's new water storage tank in the Tyler Park area off Southbridge
Road.

It is the fourth round of federal funding for the Warren Water District since
2002.

Established in 1920, the Warren Water District is made up of many old sections
in need of improvement to meet future water system demands.

The money that will be presented Friday will finance the replacement of transit
pipe throughout the district's water system.

According to water district officials, the AC pipe lining presents possible
health problems because of its potential to leach volatile organic chemicals
into the drinking water.

There are also concerns about the potential for asbestos fibers, which are found
in AC pipes, to contaminate the drinking water.

The Oxford/Rochdale Sewer District will receive a $620,000 loan and $180,000
grant at a ceremony at 10:45 a.m. at the Leicester Water District Building, 124
Pine St.

The money will be used to install a gravity sewer system with a connection to a
nearby treatment plant that has the capacity for additional flow.

According to Rural Development officials, the project will consist of about
3,000 feet of 12-inch sewer pipe, 1,700 feet of 8-inch sewer pipe, and 19
manholes and service tees. The sewer project will connect to an existing sewer
manhole located on Clark Street.

Twenty-three homes and a 72-unit housing project, Laurel Heights, use septic
systems in the area. Many systems have failed or are failing and need repair or
replacement. According to the local Board of Health, the majority of the
existing systems would fail inspection.

The installation of the gravity sewer will eliminate the need to replace failed,
on-site septic systems and will provide additional protection for Greenville
Pond, a nearby water supply, according to Rural Development.

The Leicester Water District will receive a $1,720,620 loan and a $490,000 grant
that will allow the installation of new sewer lines, a wastewater pump station,
and the replacement of additional sewer lines along Route 9 to the Spencer town
line.

District officials said all homes and businesses in this area are served by
septic systems, many of which have failed or are failing.

The Leicester Board of Health has documented numerous complaints regarding
septic system problems.

According to Rural Development, home and business owners in the area will see
substantial savings because this project will be included as part of the
Massachusetts Highway Department's reconstruction of Route 9 from the center of
Leicester to the Spencer town line.

The project will include 15,000 feet of 10- and 15-inch polyvinyl chloride
gravity sewers, 2,300 feet of 8-inch ductile iron force main, 2,600 feet of
6-inch PVC sewer services from the mainline to the property line, about 10
grinder pumps, and other accessories.

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 2005 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.


                             689 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                             October 7, 2007 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

REAL ESTATE NOTES

BYLINE: by Margaret Jackson, The Denver Post

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. K-06

LENGTH: 388 words


New Steamboat gondola on tap

Construction of a new gondola at Steamboat Springs is scheduled to begin next
summer.

Wildhorse Meadows developer Resort Ventures West is spending about $4 million on
the gondola, which will start at the residential community located between
downtown and the base of the mountain. It will take about five minutes for
passengers to reach the base area.

The gondola should be finished for the 2009-2010 ski season.

Gates project in pilot program. A 40-acre mixed-use development on the site of
the former Gates Rubber factory has been selected to participate in the
Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design for Neighborhood Development pilot
program.

The first phase, Metropolitan Gardens, being developed by Joseph Freed and
Associates, will include 1 million square feet of retail space, Robert Redford's
fourth Sundance Cinema, two hotels, 610,000 square feet of office space, 850
apartments and 1,300 condos, as well as parks, pedestrian plazas and a major
transportation hub with access to light rail.

Home-buying classes offered. The Colorado Rural Housing Development Corp. is
offering homebuyer-education courses that offer tips for negotiating the price
of a home, shopping for a loan, and establishing and maintaining good credit.

Research shows that homeowners who receive prepurchase counseling are more than
30 percent less likely to default on a mortgage than homeowners who do not get
counseling. The classes will be offered:

9 a.m. to 3:30 p.m. Oct. 13 at Mountain Terrace, 3650 W. 84th Ave., Westminster.

9 a.m. to 3:30 p.m. Oct. 20 at Colorado Housing Enterprises, 7 E. Bijou St.,
Suite 209, Colorado Springs.

Mortgage brochure updated. A brochure to educate homebuyers and those
refinancing a loan has been updated to include information about adjustable-rate
mortgages.

"Mortgage Loans," first published in 2001 by the American Financial Services
Association and the American Association of Residential Mortgage Regulators,
contains worksheets to help consumers shop for the best mortgage deal and
determine an affordable monthly payment. A glossary defines basic, but
important, loan terms, such as annual percentage rate, finance charge, balloon
payment and arbitration clause.

For a free copy, visit afsaef.org or call 888-400-2233.

Margaret Jackson: 303-954-1473 or mjackson@denverpost.com

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2007 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             690 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Daily Gleaner (New Brunswick)

                             June 9, 2011 Thursday

BYLINE:

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 360  words


RioCan building 'flagship' Target Canada store

TORONTO - RioCan Real Estate Investment Trust says it is building the first
purpose-built Target store in Canada.

Target Canada had previously only announced locations where it was taking over
existing leases, saying in May it had picked 105 sites across the country where
Zeller's now exists.

But RioCan, Canada's largest REIT, says the giant U.S. retail chain is now
starting to build. The first location, in Toronto's west end, is 130,000 square
feet and was described as the "flagship" store for the chain.

"It's going to be the first store they have built. It's not going to be a
recycled Zeller's store," said Ed Sonshine, chief executive of RioCan, after
making the announcement at the company's 18th annual general meeting. "It will
be a Target prototype. It should be open by 2013."

The decision to put the flagship store there was based on available land. "Where
else are you are going to build something like that," said Sonshine. "Where else
can you get 20 acres of land."

RioCan is already Target's biggest landlord in Canada and that should grow in
the coming years, the CEO predicted. "We hope to be their (largest developer).
We don't know if there are a lot players in Canada who have our abilities to
develop."

At the same time, RioCan hopes to continue to grow its relationship with
Wal-Mart Canada. "We want to built a lot of Wal-Mart stores too," he said.

Housing starts edged higher in May - report

OTTAWA - Home construction in Canada rose by a better-than-expected 2.7 per cent
in May, led by the multiple-unit sector, as the housing market showed some signs
of stabilizing.

Canada Mortgage and Housing Corp. said Wednesday the seasonally adjusted annual
rate of housing starts rose to 183,600 units during the month, from 178,700
units in April.

"Housing starts increased modestly in May due to an increase in multiple
construction in most provinces and in rural starts," said CMHC chief economist
Bob Dugan. "The increase in multiples and rural starts was partly off-set by a
decrease in single starts."

Economists had expected overall starts of between 182,000 and 183,000 in May.

Source: Postmedia News

LOAD-DATE: June 9, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2011 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest MediaWorks
                               Publications Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             691 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              Sheffield Telegraph

                             June 11, 2015 Thursday

Telegraph Column: How to escape the pursuit of profit

LENGTH: 413  words


A couple of weeks ago Paul Bedwell wrote in this column about the need to unlock
land to tackle Sheffield and South Yorkshire's housing shortage.

Unfortunately he didn't offer a solution to this challenge, other than to state
for a site to be developed the landowner and builder need to be able to make a
profit. His analysis of the land market may be sound, but it has nothing to do
with fixing the housing shortage.

In 2014 the Lyons Commission recommended that the UK build 240,000 homes every
year. Yet the last government made it much harder for councils to meet housing
need, by allowing developers to wriggle out of providing affordable homes on the
grounds of economic viability.

The new government proposes to make matters even worse, by introducing a
right-to-buy scheme for housing association tenants, further depleting the
social housing stock.

Former Sheffield City Council boss Lord Kerslake recently described this idea as
wrong in principle and practice'.

Most housing in the UK is built by a handful of very large volume builders, who
have consistently built about 150,000 homes per year.

It would be commercial suicide for them to increase this by more than two or
three percent per year, so the only way we could get anywhere near the 240,000
target would be through a massive public investment programme for social
house-building combined with a new wave of small entrepreneur housebuilders -
who would need attractive loans to get their businesses going. Neither of these
is on the cards.

Meanwhile, volume housebuilders are manipulating the planning system, pushing
for ever more land while reducing the requirements for social housing, space and
energy standards within homes, and undermining the recycling of urban brownfield
sites that revitalises run-down neighbourhoods, of which there are still many in
Sheffield and across South Yorkshire.

The Campaign to Protect Rural England wants to see the right homes built in the
right places to meet people's needs. In some cases this may mean that a
greenfield site is developed, or even that some Green Belt is lost - but only if
that genuinely is the best solution for the locality.

This means communities and councils need stronger planning and legal powers to
secure housing that is affordable, accessible and high quality, and to defend
the land that they value for recreation, nature and landscape, be it greenfield
or brownfield. None of this can be achieved while commercial profit holds the
trump card.

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NSTE


                       Copyright 2015 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             692 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                               May 4, 2008 Sunday
                                 Every Edition

Business Notes

SECTION: EXTRAS; Pg. 07

LENGTH: 1033 words

3rd Edition of S.Md. Guide

The Southern Maryland Agricultural Development Commission is planning the third
edition of the guidebook "Southern Maryland Trails -- Earth, Art and
Imagination" and is offering sponsorship opportunities to area businesses and
individuals.

The free, comprehensive guide highlights Southern Maryland's farms, art studios
and galleries, gardens, museums related to natural resources or agriculture,
natural or scenic sites, locally owned lodgings and restaurants, and historic
sites. The information is offered through four scenic driving trails in Calvert,
Charles, St. Mary's, Prince George's and Anne Arundel counties.

The guide is  part of an  initiative developed by the commission to support
rural communities. More than 66,500 copies have been distributed.

For sponsorship information, contact the commission at 301-274-1922 or
info@somarylandsogood.com.The guide can be viewed at http://www.somdtrails.com.

Business Awards

Several Southern Maryland businesses and executives will be honored June 18 at
the eighth Leading Edge Awards ceremony.

The program will include a reception and banquet from 6 to 9:30 p.m.  at the
Jaycees Community Center in Waldorf. The keynote speaker will be Thomas E.
Perez, secretary of the Maryland Department of Labor, Licensing and Regulation.

"We have an exceptional slate of winners among this year's Leading Edge Award
recipients who exemplify the excellence of Southern Maryland's business
community," said a statement by Alan Kutz, vice president of the Corporate and
Community Training Institute at the College of Southern Maryland.

Co-hosting this year's  awards with the college are the Calvert County
Department of Economic and Community Development, the Charles County Technology
Council, the Patuxent Partnership and the Small Business Development Center for
the Southern Region of Maryland.

Scheduled to receive awards:

Â· Kimberly Oliver of American Electronics Inc. (Amelex) will be recognized as
CEO of the Year, presented by CSM's Corporate Center.

Â· Zahniser's Yachting Center will be recognized as the Calvert County
Technology Company of the Year, presented by the Calvert County Department of
Economic Development.

Â· PC Wireless Inc. will be recognized as Charles County Technology Company of
the Year, presented by the Charles County Technology Council.

Â· Sierra Management and Technologies Inc. will be recognized as the Patuxent
Partnership Member Firm of the Year, presented by the Patuxent Partnership.

Â· Southern Maryland Electric Cooperative will be recognized with the
Partnership in Education Award, presented by CSM.

Â· Mike Moses and Dawn Tucker will be recognized as Small Business Persons of
the Year, presented by the Small Business Development Center. Moses is chairman
of the Charles County Minority Business Advocacy Council, and Tucker is
president of the Calvert County Minority Business Alliance.

Small-Business Expo

The Tri-County Council for Southern Maryland's regional Minority Business
Opportunities Task Force, the Small Business Administration and the Maryland
Department of Housing and Community Development will host a Southern Maryland
Regional Purchasing and Procurement Expo from 8:30 a.m. to 2 p.m. June 5 at the
College of Southern Maryland's La Plata campus, in the Business and Industry
Building.

The event will allow small businesses to meet and discuss capabilities with
larger firms and government entities offering contracting opportunities.

Businesses, government agencies, educational institutions and other
organizations interested in outreach to small and minority-owned businesses in
Southern Maryland should contact Ellen Flowers-Fields at 240-682-1311 or
eflowers-fields@tccsmd.org.

New La Plata Design Firm

Veronica Devine and Audra Gillis recently opened Devine Inspirations interior
design in La Plata.

In addition to design services, the shop offers room accents, accessories and
gift items.

The boutique is at 6 St. Mary's Ave., Suite 100A, next to the Green Turtle
restaurant. Hours are 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. Tuesday to Saturday.

For more information, call 301-392-0004 or go to
http://www.devineinspirationsllc.com.

Service Member Loans

 The Maryland Department of Business and Employment Development, in consultation
with the state Department of Veterans Affairs, recently announced that it will
begin providing  no-interest loans through the Military Reservist and
Service-Related No-Interest Loan Program.

Applicants in the following categories are eligible:

Â· Businesses owned by a military reservist or National Guard member who is
called to active duty.

Â· Small-business employers of a military reservist or National Guard member
called to active duty.

Â· Businesses employing a service-disabled veteran to make accessible the home,
automobile or place of employment of a disabled veteran.

Â· Service-disabled veterans  making the home, automobile or place of employment
accessible.

Â· Businesses employing a service-disabled veteran for other necessary expenses
incurred as a result of the disability.

Â· Service-disabled veterans for other necessary expenses incurred as a result
of the disability.

To obtain an application form or for more information, contact Laurie Atherholt,
director of outreach and advocacy, Maryland Department of Veterans Affairs, at
410-260-3840 or latherholt@mdva.state.md.us.

Chaney Noted for Charity

The National Ready Mixed Concrete Association recently recognized Chaney
Enterprises with its Fleet Graphics Award.

Chaney won first place in the largest-firm category of 75 or more mixer trucks.
The Southern Maryland-based concrete provider turns its trucks into free
"rolling billboards" for area and national organizations, including the American
Cancer Society, United Way, Boys & Girls Clubs, U.S. armed services and many
others.

Chaney Enterprises is a construction materials supplier providing the
mid-Atlantic with concrete, sand, gravel, stone and construction materials and
supplies. Ten percent of Chaney Enterprises' gross profit is transferred to the
Chaney Foundation, which provides donations to charitable organizations to
improve the health, education, environment and welfare of area residents and
children.

-- Compiled by TOM LANSWORTH

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             693 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Central Coast Express (Friday - Wyong)

                              May 25, 2007 Friday

Advertising feature Opportunity to go mobile

SECTION: Pg. 61

LENGTH: 271  words


NSW Teachers Credit Union staff will visit the Central Coast on Wednesday and
Thursday to offer members the convenience of on-site loan applications, low or
no-fee daily access as well as general financial advice.

Staff have been travelling to towns and regions providing credit union members
access to a ''mobile'' bank office rather than travelling to Sydney to the
credit union's main office. The credit union has more than 142,000 members, many
in rural and regional areas.

With such a large member-base throughout NSW, including 4600 living on the
coast, the credit union prides itself on providing innovative services to such a
geographically spread membership.

Its teachers credit card, fixed option housing loan, all purpose loans, new car
loans and used car loans have all been awarded five stars by Cannex for
excellence.

The credit card has no annual fee, a true 55-day interest free period on
purchases and intoductory six-month interest rate of 7.90 per cent (11.50 per
cent thereafter).

The mobile office provides credit union members with easy access to credit union
staff and members can use the office to apply for housing or personal loans, a
credit card, open an account and discuss all their banking needs.

Access to all services is available except depositing and withdrawing cash.

The credit union is open to teachers and administrative staff in public schools
and TAFE colleges in NSW, the ACT and the Northern Territory as well as family
members.

The mobile office will be open between 4pm and 6.30pm on Wednesday at Central
Coast Leagues Club, Gosford, and on Thursday at The Entrance Leagues Club,
Bateau Bay.

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: EXW


                   Copyright 2007 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             694 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Daily Telegraph (Australia)

                             March 6, 2008 Thursday
                               1 - State Edition

From steps of Rome to our urban sprawl

BYLINE: TROY LENNON

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 52

LENGTH: 1128  words


As interest rates rise, TROY LENNON reports on the origins of suburbia

Whenever rates rise on home loans there is one particular part of town that
feels it most acutely. We call it suburbia, those seas of houses stretching for
kilometres, which make up a part of most major cities.

The concept of the suburb, an area outside the main urban centre devoted mostly
to working-class or middle-class housing, is a relatively new one, but its
origins can be traced to ancient times.

Ancient Rome, which had probably the greatest population density of any city in
its time, had a suburban area. The centre of the city was around the Capitoline,
Palatine and Esquiline hills, where important temples and other buildings were
located. Many wealthy families also lived in these areas. But outside the
business end of town was the area known as the subura, squeezed in between the
Esquiline and Viminal Hill.

The subura was where the working class and a polyglot of foreigners lived in
cheap homes. Many lived in structures known as an insula, three or four-storey
wooden apartment buildings which rimmed an open courtyard.

The subura bred crime and disease. A wall was even built to try to prevent these
forms of contagion from spreading toward the better parts of town. The wall was
also meant to stop fires that often started because people cooked over open
fires in their apartments.

Over the centuries many large cities followed this pattern, with areas set aside
for working-class housing outside the main urban centre. But it was during the
Industrial Revolution that England found itself faced with the problem of
accommodating the workers needed in factories and coalmines.

In London, low-cost slum housing proliferated. But by the mid-19th century this
had created problems of overcrowding, crime and disease. Soon developers were
invading what were once rural areas around the city to establish dormitory
estates, linked to the city by public transport. The process was boosted by the
development of railways, which allowed employees to live further away from their
workplaces and to commute every day.

The term suburb, from the Latin ``suburbium'', literally meaning below the city,
had once been used to refer to any large settlement outside a city. But by the
mid-19th century it referred specifically to lower-class housing estates.

Australia had a similar experience. Our first suburb, of sorts, was the
working-class slum that was created at The Rocks shortly after Sydney was first
established. While the wealthy built homes close to the governor's residence
(today the site of the Museum of Sydney), workers built ramshackle homes on the
rocky outcrop to the west. The Rocks has continued to house low-income earners,
even after it was re-developed in the 1970s.

By the early 20th century Sydney and the rest of Australia had followed overseas
trends in establishing big suburban repositories.

In 1909, the Royal Commission for the Improvement of Sydney and its Suburbs had
recommended more suburban development as a cure for the over-population and con-

gestion of the city. But the main impetus for the growth of suburbia has often
come from resettling servicemen returning from war.

When a war has ended it can be dangerous to have thousands of combat-trained men
trying to cram themselves into urban areas.

This was also an ancient problem that vexed many a Roman general, many of whom
simply took land in conquered territories to set up their soldiers as farmers.
But most soldiers made poor farmers and often these Roman soldier colonies
failed.

Similarly, in the wake of World War I, governments looked for land to re-settle
their war-weary veterans. In Australia the soldier settlement scheme saw the
government open land outside the cities to establish soldiers on small farms,
aided by cheap home loans. There were also schemes to build cheap housing for
veterans in areas such as the Sydney suburb of Matraville.

As with the Roman experiments, many soldier farms failed, but many of the
suburbs built for servicemen still exist and some of the homes are still
standing.

After World War II there was an even bigger demand for housing, driven not only
by returned servicemen but also an influx of migrants and an economic boom.

This was true not only in Australia. A pioneer of modern suburbia was Levitt and
Sons in the US.

The company had been started by lawyer Abraham Levitt in 1929, originally
building expensive homes in New York.

But after Abraham's son William returned from war service, he wanted to fill the
need for low-cost housing for war veterans.

William had served in the US Navy Construction Battalion, nicknamed the
``SeaBees''. He came up with the idea of buying large tracts of unused land just
outside large cities and mass-producing cheap homes to create prefabricated
communities. His brother Alfred designed the houses using the latest techniques
and materials so they were quickly and easily built.

Theirs was by no means the first company to come up with the idea but Levittown,
Long Island, their first ready-made suburb built from 1947-51 on the site of a
potato farm, caught the public imagination.

Two more Levittowns were built, one in Pennsylvania (1951-1956) and one in New
Jersey (1958).

The small two-bedroom 74sqm homes were criticised for creating bland suburban
landscapes but they were ideal for veterans who wanted to escape the overcrowded
cities but live close enough to commute to work. Levitt was criticised for
refusing to sell homes to blacks and for failing to support housing for the
poor.

In post-war Australia, the state and federal housing commissions worked together
to provide cheap housing and government loans for veterans, as part of
government policy to encourage home ownership rather than renting. Many people
also built their own homes.

Large areas on the fringe of cities were turned into suburbs. One thing that
helped build these vast new estates was a cheap, easy-to-use new building
material called fibrous asbestos cement, better known as fibro.

Like the American counterparts, many of these new suburban areas were criticised
for containing visually boring rows of boxy houses.

Often these areas started stark, grassless and treeless since landscaping was
often left up to the owners. Public transport failed

to keep up with the spread of suburbia. But homeowners seemed prepared to put up
with the drawbacks just to procure their piece of the dream. Between 1947 and
1961, home ownership had climbed from 53 per cent to more than 70 per cent in
Australia.

Over the decades the suburban dream has been become a nightmare for many. Cities
are running out of land, subdivisions of the remaining land are getting smaller,
roads and public transport system are overloaded and property is getting more
and more expensive.

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DTM


                   Copyright 2008 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             695 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           Aberdeen Press and Journal

                               September 18, 2003

Colonsay Folk Ask Land Fund For Help Over Their First Land Buyout

BYLINE: Moira Kerr

SECTION: News; Environment; Planning/Land; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 347 words


Residents of the Argyll island of Colonsay are to ask the Scottish Land Fund to
help them achieve what would be the island's first community land buyout. The
project would involve purchasing and reorganising up to 234 acres of croft land
at Kilchattan, to provide new crofts to let.

And the overall aim would be to attract more young families to live on the
island to address its declining population, which fell by almost a third from
166 in 1961, to 113 in the 2001 census.

The results of a postal ballot, carried out by Argyll and Bute Council, saw the
majority of the 86 islanders who are eligible to vote, backing the land buyout
proposal.

Out of those 86 voters, 44 backed the idea, 30 were against it and 12 made no
vote.

Colonsay Community Development Company (CCDC) will now lodge applications for
assistance, with the land fund and with Highlands and Islands Enterprise, to
purchase the land.

A spokesman for the development company, which represents the community, said:
"This land would be reorganised to create at least seven crofts available for
let.

"These would be small one or two acre crofts and the rest of the land -
approximately 200 acres - would be held as common, owned by CCDC and
administered by CCDC and the crofters on behalf of the community." Colonsay has
an older population than the average for Argyll and the Highlands and Islands
and the company spokesman said: "If the croft project can attract young families
to Colonsay, or retain existing ones, then this would go some way to addressing
the present age imbalance." The March 2000 Colonsay Housing Study by the Rural
Housing Service identified, among other key issues, the lack of housing that was
available for incoming families.

The spokesman said: "While this project would not provide houses for let if
would provide a house site and access to considerable grant/loan assistance to
build a house.

"Crofters would also be eligible for the full range of crofting grants for
business development. Applicants under 40 would also be eligible for the croft
entry scheme."

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2003

LANGUAGE: English

                   Copyright 2003 Aberdeen Press and Journal


                             696 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Ottumwa Courier (Iowa)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 3, 2010 Wednesday

Loebsack touts USDA Rural Development programs during Ottumwa visit

BYLINE: Cindy Toopes, Ottumwa Courier, Iowa

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 689 words


Feb. 3--OTTUMWA -- Congressman Dave Loebsack knows rural Iowa needs help.

That's why he's on the road doing USDA Rural Development Roundtables with USDA
Undersecretary Dallas Tonsager. More than 30 people filled City Hall's council
chambers Tuesday afternoon to listen and ask questions.

Loebsack said the roundtable would offer information "on USDA programs that
communities can utilize to assist with economic development and job creation."

"It's important to gather folks and find out their concerns," he said. "USDA
Rural Development has 42 programs that can help."

Loebsack then asked Tonsager to explain some of the programs and procedures. The
congressman also said Tonsager was "a farmer in South Dakota and did great work
with cooperatives."

Tonsager said the USDA has 500 office sites and 6,000 employees. He works with
Tom Vilsack, a former Iowa governor and now U.S. Agriculture Secretary.

Two questions have emerged from the last decade, according to Tonsager.

"How do we invest in our communities, the infrastructure and schools? How do we
invest in ourselves?" he said. "One way was biofuels, which helped the economy
and gave us markets. We have the opportunity to invest in local communities and
USDA has programs with a wide range of assistance, from building a large
generating station to fixing a house roof."

Loebsack said officials may have to "raise the minimum balance" because
Ottumwa's population is "too high for rural housing."

Former Ottumwan Jeff Heland of Burlington said his city is too big to qualify
for USDA's help.

For a growing community, Loebsack said "there are consequences, such as not
getting help."

Heland agreed there were a number of consequences, "such as being underfunded
for 9-1-1 agencies."

"We can see that happening with our First Responders," Heland said. "We bump
into not even having matching funds or the people to do the grant applications.
And, there are aging issues. Do you have grants for nursing homes?"

"No, just loans," Tonsager said.

Shirley Stacey, mayor of Eldon, wanted to know what's available to attract
business to her town.

"I've had inquiries from a meat processing business," she said. "I want more
than a post office, a grain dealer and gas station in Eldon."

Loebsack said he was sure "putting the American Gothic House sign on the highway
has attracted many travelers."

"Yes, we do pull them in off the road," she said.

Ottumwa Mayor Dale Uehling said the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA)
has rules and places like Eldon and Eddyville, or other communities with
lagoons, will be required to treat storm-water runoff.

"It's disastrous for small, rural communities," he said. "And I have concern for
livestock farmers due to the EPA's rulings."

REAP is one of the USDA programs is fairly well known in Wapello County. The
acronym stands for "Rural Energy for America Program." The objective is to
"purchase and install renewable energy systems and make energy efficiency
improvements; and, do stand-alone feasibility studies."

Approved REAP applicants are ag producers and small businesses. Funding is
through grants, loan guarantees and eventually direct loans.

Loebsack said broadband for rural residents is important and he hopes people
will pursue it. The USDA's program is "Rural Broadband Loan and Loan Guarantee."

"Access to the Internet is critical to get," he added.

While seated with Loebsack and Tonsager, Randy Campbell also answered questions.
He's the area director for USDA Rural Development and he covers Appanoose,
Davis, Lucas, Jasper, Mahaska, Marion, Monroe, Poweshiek, Wapello and Wayne
counties.

To find out more about USDA Rural Development programs, contact Area Director
Randy Campbell, (641) 932-3031; or, go online to www.rurdv.usda.gov/ia

To see more of Ottumwa Courier or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.ottumwacourier.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, Ottumwa Courier, Iowa
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100203-OT-Loebsack-touts-USDA-Rural
-Development-programs-during-Ottumwa-visit-0203

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OT


                                 Copyright 2010


                             697 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                  Public Opinion (Chambersburg, Pennsylvania)

                           December 10, 2005 Saturday

BUSINESS DIGEST AND BUSINESS PROFILE

BYLINE: STAFF

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 546 words


BUSINESS DIGEST

Company establishes a trade plan

MANITOWOC, Wi. -  The Manitowoc Company Inc. recently announced that it has
successfully

completed a significant "trade receivables securitization."

Manitowoc and the Finacity Corporation structured a three-year transaction that
provides

Manitowoc cash proceeds of up to $60 million through the ongoing purchase of
receivables from

certain domestic and Canadian accounts.

"This facility will provide an attractive source of low-cost funds that can now
be deployed at higher

rates of return. We are very pleased that we were able to complete this
transaction," said Carl J.

Laurino, the senior vice president and chief financial officer at Manitowoc.

"Harris Nesbitt is very excited to have partnered with Finacity to provide
Manitowoc a

cost-effective alternative form of liquidity with this financing," said Dave
Kucera, a managing

director at Harris Nesbitt.

Director of Interfaith Housing named

FREDERICK, Md. -  Interfaith Housing Alliance officials recently announced that
Howard Porter

will serve as Director of Homeownership for the organization.

"We are fortunate to have the extensive skills and experience that Howard brings
to this important

position," said James Upchurch, company president.

Porter joins Interfaith Housing with 16 years experience developing affordable
housing, the press

release said.

Most recently, he served as executive director of the Alliance for Better
Housing in Kennett

Square where he built award-winning affordable townhomes, operated a rehab
program and

packaged U.S. Dept. of Agriculture Rural Development home loans for first-time
homebuyers.

Porter will manage and direct all aspects of the organization's Homeownership
Program covering

the Western Maryland and South Central Pennsylvania regions.

Interfaith Housing Alliance Inc. is a not-for-profit affordable housing
developer in the Western

Maryland and South Central Pennsylvania regions serving families, senior
citizens and

individuals.

For more information call (301) 662-4225 or log on at www.interfaithhousing.org.

BUSINESS PROFILE: MID-TOWN HOBBIES

Address: 72 S. Third St.

Phone: 261-0881

Web site: No

Type of business/services offered: Model train repair is available and model
train items and

M-gage and HO models are for sale, according to Barry Fahnestock, the owner of
Mid-Town

Hobbies.

Fahnestock said discontinued old gauge trains are all also for sale.

Products/services: Other model items include pinewood derby cars and model
rockets.

Puzzles are also sold, he said.

"We have general merchandising, detail merchandise for model railroading and
landscaping

material," Fahnestock said.

Mid-Town Hobbies also carries paints and glues for model airplanes and also a
few remote

control airplanes.

Hours of operation: 9:30 a.m. and 8 p.m. Mon. through Fri.; 9 a.m. to 3 p.m.
Sat.; Closed

Sunday.

Number of employees: 2

Background: Fahnestock said he has owned other shops in the area but this is the
first one

named "Mid-Town Hobbies."

The store has been open here for six months and he said he has been in the hobby
business for

20 years.

From the manager: "We are the most complete hobby shop in the area with general

merchandise," Fahnestock said.

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 2005 Public Opinion (Chambersburg, PA)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             698 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                             July 16, 1998 Thursday
                                  Late Edition

The shape of things to come is single-minded

BYLINE: Lisa Allen

SECTION: PROPERTY; Pg. 34

LENGTH: 461 words


Forget population explosions - what is worrying British master-planners is a 4.4
million increase in demand for single-person households by 2016.

Renowned British master-planner Sir Peter Hall, who is visiting Australia as
keynote speaker for the eighth international planning history conference, says
the increase in one-person dwellings is expected to place tremendous pressure on
the UK housing industry.

Developers, including Australia's Lend Lease, are already eyeing the
opportunities, with the UK forecast to have 23.6 million one-person dwellings
within the next 18 years.

"There's a projected explosion in the number of households - not people, but
households," Sir Peter said.

"This has been a long secular trend in both the UK and Europe.

"We are going to be building a lot more new housing in the next 20 years.
There's going to be a great deal of property investment and involvement with
companies such as Lend Lease."

Sir Peter said the British Government's response was to get "very hot under the
collar" and there was already strong community resistance to more urban
development.

The factors driving the increase were divorce, young people leaving home earlier
to set up households, and older people surviving their partners but remaining in
the marital home.

But the emerging new trend of single "never-marrieds" was the main driver,
contributing 79 per cent toward the expected growth.

Whether the UK and European trend transfers to Australia is a moot point, but
Sir Peter said Australian planners could learn much from the emerging British
and US experiences of people returning from cities to rural areas.

"In the UK, people are going back to rural areas, and perhaps this could happen
in Australia.

"There have been some remarkable turnarounds in the US, where African Americans
are going back to their traditional homes in the south. This is partly because
of civil rights and partly because they find pension payments will go further in
the south than they will in the northern cities."

Sir Peter is Professor of Planning at The Bartlett School of Architecture and
Planning, University College London, and is internationally recognised as the
foremost authority on the history of urban planning.

In Australia he was an adviser to the South Australian Government for the
Strategic Review for Metropolitan Adelaide in 1991.

Mr Bill Grounds, a director of Lend Lease, which is one of the backers of the
conference, said: "Sponsoring Sir Peter's attendance demonstrates Lend Lease's
commitment to raising the bar on urban development in Australia and shows our
commitments to Mango Hill in Brisbane, Olympic housing in Sydney and also the
ADI site at St Marys, west of the city."

The conference, which is being held at the University of NSW, runs until
Saturday.

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illus: Sir Peter: growing demand for one-person dwellings. Picture:
LOUISE KENNERLEY

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 1998 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             699 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Chester Chronicle

                                 March 18, 2010
                                 County Edition

Labour pledge to first-time buyers

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 287 words


HOME is where the heart is for Eddisbury parliamentary candidate Pat Merrick.

The deputy leader of the Cheshire West and Chester Labour group has pledged to
help reform housing policies to create more affordable housing in the
constituency.

If she pulls off what would be largely seen as a shock victory this summer, the
Labour candidate says that providing houses for young people in their home towns
and villages would be a priority.

"When we were younger it was easy, perhaps too easy, to get a mortgage but since
the recession, young couples are getting turned down for a mortgage, and that's
two people working, it's been the case for too long," she said.

"In every part of Eddisbury there used to be plentiful and affordable council
housing but that situation is so radically different today.

"When Margaret Thatcher brought in the right-to-buy policy, it was the death
nail of social housing.

"We can work in partnership with private landowners to build homes for young
families so they can stay in their home towns and villages. I hope whoever takes
control of the next government will take this problem seriously as they cannot
afford to ignore it any longer."

Shadow Health Minister and Eddisbury MP Stephen O'Brien agreed that the
provision of housing did not meet demand.

"Affordable housing is a priority. It is only right that people who live and
work in our rural towns and villages, but who can't afford to buy on the open
market have the opportunity to remain where they have family, work and their
community roots.

"But, lets be clear, the Government has cut funding for social housing by half
since 1997, which is why not enough money is being made available for affordable
housing in Eddisbury."

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  CEREMONIAL BRICK: Members of Tattenhall Parish Council with
representatives from the developer McInerney Homes and Arena Housing, on site to
officially open the development. SB120310TATTENHALL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ch


                           Copyright 2010 MGN Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             700 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Star of Mysore (India)

                            January 22, 2013 Tuesday

6,233 SITES & 217 HOUSES AT KRS NISARGA: SOMANNA

LENGTH: 511 words

DATELINE: Mysore


ysore, Jan. 22 -- KRS Nisarga residential layout, to be developed at Yelwal on a
419-acre plot at an estimated cost of Rs. 589 crore will have 6,233 sites and
217 houses, said Housing Minister V.Somanna here yesterday.

Speaking after laying the foundation stone for the KRS Nisarga Housing Board
project near Yelachanahalli in Yelwal Hobli on the outskirts of city, Somanna
said Karnataka Housing Board (KHB) will distribute more than 23,000 sites to
shelterless families in the next three months besides developing 50,000 sites in
Bangalore.

Stating that Rs. 1,960 crore had been spent to develop 3,506 houses and
distribute 32,000 sites, he added that the State Government will increase
monetary assistance under Ashraya Housing Scheme to Rs. 1 lakh in the ensuing
budget and added that KHB would name the layout near Bidadi after Subhash
Chandra Bose and the layout with 50,000 sites in Jigani, Anekal, after Swami
Vivekananda.

He said 8,600 sites in Suryanagari 3rd Stage, Bangalore will be inaugurated on
Jan. 26 and a residential layout will also be formed at Rayasandra near
Kanakapura to meet the needs of thousands of applicants dreaming of owning a
site, adding that each land loser will get a free site.

To avoid touts, compensation to land losers will be directly credited to their
account and a 20x30 site will be given free to those who lose less than one acre
land besides permitting them to apply for other sites, he said and called upon
farmers to sell the land around KHB Colony to KHB itself which would result in
the infrastructure developed by KHB not being misused by private land
developers.

Somanna also said that Mysore had got a major project after a gap of 33 years in
the form of KRS Nisarga, and added that Bangalore Water Supply and Sewage Board
(BWS&SB) has been authorised to provide drinking water, underground drainage and
other facilities at a cost of Rs. 23 crore. He emphasised that KHB was not a
profit-making body as it has developed layouts borrowing loans at 13% interest
rates and had remitted money to the accounts of land losers instead of paying to
brokers.

KHB Chairman G.T.Devegowda, speaking on the occasion, disclosed that Mysore
would get another mega project within a year.

District Minister S.A. Ramdas said that the Government would come out with an
innovative housing scheme for those living in rented houses for decades in
Mysore and added that an MCC survey had revealed that 48,500 families are living
in rented houses while thousands of families own more than one site.

Ramdas also said that Rotary and Lions Clubs had come forward to fund mentally
challenged and disabled who get shops under government schemes.

MLC Siddaraju, KHB Commissioner Jayaram, Director Raju, ZP President
Siddaveerappa, ZP member Bhagya Shivamurthy, TP President Vijayalakshmi, BJP
Dist. General Secretary Hemanth Kumar and others were present. Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Star of Mysore. For any query with respect to
this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2013 Star Of Mysore
                              All Rights Reserved


                             701 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                          September 14, 2006 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Behind the Road Proffers ...

SECTION: Loudoun Extra; T02

LENGTH: 866 words


Supervisor Stephen J. Snow (R-Dulles) and the Dulles South Transportation
Alliance (DSTA) have often stated that developers have $750 million in road
improvements lined up for Dulles South. After many requests to Snow, I finally
received a preliminary breakdown of the $750 million. I think it is easy to see
that Snow is misleading citizens with that figure and that his plan may already
be falling apart.

The DSTA is made up of Greenvest, Toll Brothers Inc., Van Metre Homes,
Winchester Homes, Buchanan Partners and others who stand to gain financially
from the out-of-control development along the Route 50 corridor.

In its estimate of $750 million in improvements, the DSTA includes roads long
ago proffered and built, including main roads into subdivisions (Stone Springs
Boulevard into Stone Ridge and South Riding Boulevard), roads through
subdivisions (Edgewater Street and Riding Center Drive) and even Defender Drive
(the McDonald's road in South Riding).

The DSTA's figure also overstates road-building costs. The group foresees
construction of more than 200 lane miles, at a cost of $3.44 million per lane
mile. But according to the Virginia Department of Transportation, the average
cost per lane mile for road projects  --  for construction, utility relocation
and right-of-way acquisition  --  was $2.1 million to $3 million in June.

Some VDOT construction is included in the $750 million.

The Loudoun County Board of Supervisors intends to credit transportation
improvements toward fulfilling proffer requirements. In other words, the
transportation proffers would lower contributions toward schools, libraries,
parks, etc., and Loudoun citizens would have to make up the difference. Snow and
the DSTA are robbing Peter to pay Paul.

How many homes come with these "improvements?" The DSTA has not released that
information. For the projects for which such details are available (about half
of the developments in the DSTA breakdown), the total is almost 37,000 homes.

Will George Mason University contribute proffers? GMU does not have to provide
transportation improvements because it is a state-run entity.

GMU is estimating 8,000 to 10,000 students at its proposed Loudoun campus.

On Sept. 1, Pulte Homes Inc. withdrew its application to rezone its Braddock
South development, saying it was "financially unable to pay $7.5 million in off-
site 'up front' transportation proffers." It was partially responsible for two
segments of roads. Pulte Homes is the first to withdraw. With the downturn in
the housing market, others are likely to follow.

Finally, why hasn't Snow or the DSTA conducted any benefit analysis on the roads
and all the developments that go with them? Possibly because the results would
show that the only benefit is to the developers, who stand to make billions of
dollars on the backs of taxpayers.

Cheryl Hutchison

Aldie

As a constituent of Supervisor Mick Staton Jr. (R-Sugarland Run), I am
profoundly disappointed with his chosen course of action regarding the zoning of
rural Loudoun.

It appears to me that Staton orchestrated an eleventh-hour overthrow of an
18-month public process that yielded a reasonable compromise to ensure a balance
between residential housing and a viable rural economy.

This bipartisan effort was called the Clem-Burton plan. Staton's last-minute
actions stole the Clem-Burton plan from the public and showed a blatant
disregard for the opinions of hundreds of citizens who participated in this
process, as well as for the time and effort of his colleagues, Loudoun County
staff and the members of the county's rural economic development and zoning
ordinance review committees.

Staton wore so many hats during last week's meeting that I was confused, and I
wasn't the only one. Staton, contradicting legal advice from the county
attorney, offered his own legal opinion when he argued against forwarding his
own plan through the public process. Staton seemed to have looked into a crystal
ball, much like a fortune teller, when he guaranteed that the Clem-Burton plan
would have been challenged and overturned anyway. And when Staton declared that
a rezoning option under Clem-Burton would never have been used anyway, he
sounded like a developer.

It appears that the only hat Staton did not wear last week was that of a
responsive, visionary and thoughtful leader of the Sugarland Run District.

Although he attempted to present himself as all-knowing at that meeting, his
image was shattered when he admitted he was only "spitballing it" when stating
the increase in residential housing under his plan. And on the second day of the
board's meeting, he admitted that he "screwed up" when his numbers didn't match
the county staff's analysis.

The result is that Staton's plan increases the number of residences in rural
Loudoun when compared with the Clem-Burton plan, resulting in higher taxes, more
schools and additional traffic. He might say his plan is a compromise, but the
only thing his plan compromises is citizens' ability to pay more taxes, the
quality of our children's education and our ability to travel on the already
gridlocked roads in Loudoun County.

Susan Klimek Buckley

Sterling

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 The Washington Post


                             702 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                              July 18, 2008 Friday
                                  City Edition

Rural enterprise developer details successes

BYLINE: Debbie Blossom, Business Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 6B

LENGTH: 491 words


Halfway into 2008, a Durant-based business development organization that
finances startups and expansions said its economic impact on the state already
has reached $46 million.

A midyear report outlining Rural Enterprises of Oklahoma Inc.'s activities from
January through June showed substantial increases in services compared with last
year, including a 263 percent jump in business financing and a 78 percent
increase in the number of individuals receiving training and counseling at both
Women's Business Centers in Durant and Oklahoma City.

REI's down payment and closing cost assistance program posted a 17 percent hike
and the number of families assisted through its Employer-Assisted Housing
Incentive jumped 200 percent. Also since the beginning of the year, $7.8 million
in total investments has been secured through tax credit programs offered by
REI.

"This is a very encouraging report for us," said Tom Seth Smith, REI's president
and chief executive. "The impact numbers take on even more significance when we
consider the economic unrest of today. Oklahoma is faring well and so are our
clients."

Background to growth

Smith credits the growth to its increased presence in the state now that there
are five offices. Business financing has escalated from "a growing trend in
people wanting to start their own business," Smith said, and from an uptick in
company expansions.

REI is an at-risk lender that regularly tracks the progress of its small
business owners, and through checks of inventory and accounting measures, "We
can usually tell when someone is ready for that next step," he said.

The popularity and availability of franchises also has helped encourage aspiring
entrepreneurs start their own ventures, which often become even more appealing
during an economic slowdown when companies downsize, Smith said.

A second Women's Business Center opened in June 2007 in Oklahoma City to help
all small business owners, but with a special emphasis on women, said Lori
Broyles, the center's coordinator. Educational workshops and sessions are free,
geared toward today's economy and targeting either business startups or how to
expand operations.

Who are clients?

Broyles said her center offers monthly workshops.

"Most of our clients are in marketing and promotions," she said, or looking at
starting niche businesses such as salons, spas and those offering food products.
A growing number of people are looking for help in starting Internet companies.

The center's workshops zero in on those trends, she said. A Web site session
last month drew 34 participants with a waiting list of 14.

REI REPORT

Total business financing

June 2007...$7.9 million

June 2008...$28.6 million

Women's Business Center

June 2007...772 clients

June 2008...1,375 clients

Employer-assisted housing program

June 2007...16 families

June 2008...48 families

Down payment, closing cost program

June 2007...$3.5 million in loans

June 2008...$4.1 million in loans

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2008 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             703 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                              July 18, 2008 Friday
                                  City Edition

Rural enterprise developer details successes

BYLINE: Debbie Blossom, Business Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 6B

LENGTH: 491 words


Halfway into 2008, a Durant-based business development organization that
finances startups and expansions said its economic impact on the state already
has reached $46 million.

A midyear report outlining Rural Enterprises of Oklahoma Inc.'s activities from
January through June showed substantial increases in services compared with last
year, including a 263 percent jump in business financing and a 78 percent
increase in the number of individuals receiving training and counseling at both
Women's Business Centers in Durant and Oklahoma City.

REI's down payment and closing cost assistance program posted a 17 percent hike
and the number of families assisted through its Employer-Assisted Housing
Incentive jumped 200 percent. Also since the beginning of the year, $7.8 million
in total investments has been secured through tax credit programs offered by
REI.

"This is a very encouraging report for us," said Tom Seth Smith, REI's president
and chief executive. "The impact numbers take on even more significance when we
consider the economic unrest of today. Oklahoma is faring well and so are our
clients."

Background to growth

Smith credits the growth to its increased presence in the state now that there
are five offices. Business financing has escalated from "a growing trend in
people wanting to start their own business," Smith said, and from an uptick in
company expansions.

REI is an at-risk lender that regularly tracks the progress of its small
business owners, and through checks of inventory and accounting measures, "We
can usually tell when someone is ready for that next step," he said.

The popularity and availability of franchises also has helped encourage aspiring
entrepreneurs start their own ventures, which often become even more appealing
during an economic slowdown when companies downsize, Smith said.

A second Women's Business Center opened in June 2007 in Oklahoma City to help
all small business owners, but with a special emphasis on women, said Lori
Broyles, the center's coordinator. Educational workshops and sessions are free,
geared toward today's economy and targeting either business startups or how to
expand operations.

Who are clients?

Broyles said her center offers monthly workshops.

"Most of our clients are in marketing and promotions," she said, or looking at
starting niche businesses such as salons, spas and those offering food products.
A growing number of people are looking for help in starting Internet companies.

The center's workshops zero in on those trends, she said. A Web site session
last month drew 34 participants with a waiting list of 14.

REI REPORT

Total business financing

June 2007...$7.9 million

June 2008...$28.6 million

Women's Business Center

June 2007...772 clients

June 2008...1,375 clients

Employer-assisted housing program

June 2007...16 families

June 2008...48 families

Down payment, closing cost program

June 2007...$3.5 million in loans

June 2008...$4.1 million in loans

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2008 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             704 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The West Australian (Perth)

                             May 26, 2004 Wednesday
                                     METRO

Agricultural Bank of WA opens for business

BYLINE: RUTH WILLIAMS

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 584  words


18.

BANKWEST, for years promoted as "the bank that lives here", fell into total
offshore ownership last year after more than a century of serving West
Australians.

It was an event greeted with outrage, tears and disbelief by some shareholders
and customers, who dubbed it a "bank robbery without arms".

But others, observing the banking world's recent spate of mergers and
acquisitions in Australia and overseas, saw it as the inevitable conclusion to
BankWest's story of rapid growth and expansion.

BankWest began life on January 21, 1895, as the Agricultural Bank of WA. Set up
by the State government at the urging of premier John Forrest, its aim was to
kick-start the State's fledgling agricultural sector by giving farmers cheap
loans.

The bank's first offices were at St George's Chambers. It had a working capital
of 100,000 and a staff of just two - manager William Paterson (who would serve
the bank until his death in 1920) and an assistant.

The bank grew rapidly as WA's agriculture sector blossomed, especially during
the 1920s when it opened its first country branches and its loan book more than
trebled. Historian Ken Spillman, in Horizons, his definitive history of the
bank, says by the 1920s it had been "the single greatest factor in the
development of the State's agriculture industry".

The Depression era proved tough for the bank and its customers. With loan
defaults common, the bank had legislation enacted to give it a statutory lien
over crops to secure repayment. But it also maintained its support of WA
farmers, arranging relief for settlers affected by bushfires in 1937 and a
locust plague later the same year.

By 1945 it was clear the growing State's needs had changed. Servicemen were
returning from the war wanting to set up new businesses and WA's economy was
becoming increasingly diverse - the bank could no longer limit its activities to
the rural sector.

So, in October, the Agricultural Bank became a trading bank and changed its name
to the Rural & Industries Bank.

Within four years the R&I offered its first housing loans; in 1951, it started
making personal loans; and in 1956 opened a savings bank section. These new
offerings paved the way for another boom period in the 1970s and 80s, when both
the bank's corporate structure - as an arm of the State government - and its
head office came to be seen as restricting its growth.

The problem of office space was solved with the construction of the bank's

landmark 48-storey tower at the site of the old Palace Hotel, and its commercial
independence was boosted through changes to the Rural & Industries Bank Act.

The stockmarket crash of 1987, coupled with poor lending practices in the late
1980s, led to the bank suffering a big slide into the red, culminating in a
$97.9 million loss for the 12 months to March 31, 1990.

Reviews, restructures and reform followed as the R&I contemplated its future. In
1994, it changed its corporate identity to The Bank of Western Australia Ltd and
adopted the trading name BankWest, an attempt at showing public evidence of big
internal changes.

But the biggest real change took place in December the following year when the
bank was bought by Bank of Scotland, later HBOS, for $900 million. As part of
the sale agreement, 49 per cent of the bank's shares were issued in a public
float and BankWest shares traded for the first time on February 1, 1996. Its
shares were issued at $2.05 and listed at $2.55. HBOS paid $4.25 a share for
BankWest when it moved to full ownership last August.

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2004 West Australian Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             705 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Nation (Thailand)

                           January 15, 2009 Thursday

Unique Nanglinchee apartments

BYLINE: The Nation

LENGTH: 530 words


The six-storey building is located on a 3,200-square-metre site on Nanglinchee
Soi 4 (Praphansak). There are 14 fully-furnished units for rent. The majority of
the apartments have 280 square metres of floor space, with four bedrooms.

"This is an ideal location for expatriate families who want to live in the
Sathorn area" said CB Richard Ellis's director of residential leasing
Theerathorn Prapunpong.

It is unusual to find a building with only 14 units on such a large site, as
today's new buildings on this much land would have more than 100 units, he said.
- The Nation

chinese housing

Authorities urge 'reasonable prices'

China is to encourage property developers to promote sales with "reasonable
prices" as part of its goal to ensure a "healthy and stable" property market in
2009.

The government will support developers in their efforts to cope with a changing
market environment, will build 1.3 million low-cost family homes and accelerate
approval of housing projects, Housing and Urban-Rural Construction Minister
Jiang Weixin said in Beijing.

The aim is to encourage reasonable housing consumption, maintain property
investment growth and accelerate construction of affordable housing, he said.

China has been trying to stem a property-market slump by reducing taxes on home
sales, cutting mortgage rates and down-payments, as well as expanding
preferential lending rates for second-home buyers.

Home sales in China fell by 20.6 per cent, year on year, in the first 11 months
of 2008, according to the statistics bureau. Falling home sales are undermining
construction and domestic consumption just as export demand collapses because of
recessions in the US, Europe and Japan. - Bloomberg

state investment

Citic Capital raises $400m

Citic Capital Holdings, which is part-owned by China's biggest state investment
company, has raised $400US million (Bt13.96 billion) in its third real-estate
fund.

The fund attracted institutional investors in Europe, the US, the Middle East
and Japan and includes some seed investment from Citic Capital, according to a
press release from the company.

The Citic Capital China Real Estate Investment Fund III last month bought
five-year bonds worth $21 million, issued by the SRE Group, a Chinese housing
developer. The bonds pay 2.5-per-cent annual interest.

The real estate fund will focus on development projects in first- and
second-tier cities including Chengdu, Wuhan, Chongqing and those in the Pearl
River, Yangtze River Delta and pan Bohai Gulf regions, the statement said.

Citic Capital manages more than $1.6 billion, and is 50-per-cent owned by Citic
Pacific and Citic International Financial Holdings, the company said. -
Bloomberg

living land

Eight new low-rise projects

Living Land Capital is planning to launch eight new residential projects this
year, each with a market value between Bt200 million and Bt300 million, managing
director Pathrlap Davivongsa said.

The eight projects will be low-rise developments featuring detached houses,
double houses and townhouses with prices between Bt1 million and Bt4 million per
unit.

"Our new residential projects will boost our sales growth by up to 10 per cent
this year," Pathrlap said. - The Nation

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 Nation Multimedia Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                             706 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 2, 2014 Wednesday

Agriculture, Rural Housing Service: Loan Specialist (Commercial VT-2014-4919

LENGTH: 3163  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of Personnel Management has issued the following job announcement:

Job Title:Loan Specialist (Commercial)

Department:Department Of Agriculture

Agency:Agriculture, Rural Housing Service

Job Announcement Number:VT-2014-4919
SALARY RANGE:
 $47,488.00 to $89,450.00 / Per Year
OPEN PERIOD:
 Tuesday, July 1, 2014 to Friday, July 11, 2014
SERIES & GRADE:
 GS-1165-09/12
POSITION INFORMATION:
 Full-Time - Permanent
PROMOTION POTENTIAL:
12
DUTY LOCATIONS:
 1 vacancy - Saint Johnsbury, VT View Map
WHO MAY APPLY:
 Current permanent Federal employees with competitive status, reinstatement
eligibles, persons with disabilities, VEOA eligibles, certain military spouses,
30% or more disabled veterans, former Peace Corps or VISTA volunteers,
CTAP/ICTAP eligibles,  Farm Service Agency permanent county employees and those
eligible for other Special Hiring Authorities.
SECURITY CLEARANCE:
 Q - Nonsensitive
SUPERVISORY STATUS:
 No
JOB SUMMARY:

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural Development Agency serves rural
communities throughout the country by investing in their communities through
housing and utility infrastructure, by increasing economic opportunity, and by
improving the quality of life for all rural Americans.  Rural Development
provides over 40 loan and grant programs in the Rural Housing and Community
Facilities Services, Rural Business and Cooperative Services, and Rural
Utilities Service. Rural Development supports a positive work environment and
promotes diversity and inclusion for nearly 5,000 employees.

Rural Development is a dynamic organization recruiting for employees who possess
the energy, compassion, and commitment to serve those in rural communities and
will enjoy working in a fast paced and results driven organization.  Our
commitment is to expand economic opportunity and quality of life in all of rural
America by providing financial programs to support essential public facilities
and services such as water and sewer systems, housing, health clinics, emergency
service facilities and electric and telephone service.  Rural Development offers
a friendly and professional working environment and such excellent benefits as:
a generous salary, alternative work schedules, paid vacation and sick leave,
paid holidays, retirement and supplemental savings plan, a wide array of health,
dental, vision, and life insurance plans, flexible spending accounts, and
long-term care insurance.

Merit Only

TRAVEL REQUIRED

Occasional Travel
    Local travel within VT/NH as required

RELOCATION AUTHORIZED

No

KEY REQUIREMENTS

Must meet time-in-grade requirements

DUTIES:
Back to top

Serves as agency contact on the full range of loan making and servicing actions
and outreach activities for a designated region.
    Primarily serves the Community Facility and Water & Waste Disposal loan and
grant programs to include final recommendation of loan and grant actions.
    Processes and approves or recommends for approval a variety of requests for
special servicing actions including transfers, consolidations and
reamortizations.
    Provides guidance to borrowers, grantees and applicants.
    Develops and presents training to borrowers.
    Provides assistance to other Loan Specialists and support staff when
necessary.
    May be responsible for other agency loan/grant programs in support of the
VT/NH jurisdiction's mission needs.

QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED:
Back to top

For GS-9: Applicants must have 1 year of specialized experience equivalent to at
least the GS-07 level. Specialized experience includes demonstrating a working
knowledge of realty, commercial, community and/or other types of technical
loans, competence in reviewing loan application packages for commercial, bank
and/or mortgage loans and taking action within delegated loan approval
authority; competence servicing a loan portfolio of a bank, rural development or
loan association; or similar work; OR a master's or equivalent graduate degree
in a related study; OR 2 full years of progressively higher level graduate
education leading to such a degree; OR LL.B. or J.D., if related

For GS-11: Applicants must have 1 year of specialized experience equivalent to
at least the GS-09. Specialized experience includes experience that demonstrates
knowledge and understanding of loan making/servicing and credit principles and
practices in order to assess the fundamental soundness of loans and recommend
approval of commercial loans and/or commercial loan servicing actions.
Experience may have been gained in work equivalent to analyzing financial
information provided by loan and/or grant applications, determining eligibility
for loans and/or grants and repayment ability to make approval recommendation to
a senior employee or underwriter for commercial loans; OR Ph.D. or equivalent
doctoral degree or 3 full years of progressively higher level graduate education
leading to such a degree or LL.M., if related OR a combination of education as
described and specialized experience.

For GS-12: Applicants must have 1 year of specialized experience equivalent to
at least the GS-11. Specialized experience includes experience that demonstrates
knowledge and understanding of loan making/servicing and credit principles and
practices in order to assess the fundamental soundness of loans and grants and
approve or recommend approval of commercial loans and/or commercial loan
servicing actions. Experience may have been gained in work equivalent to
analyzing financial information provided by loan and grant applications,
determining eligibility for loans and grants and repayment ability to approve
complex commercial loans. There is no substitution of education for experience
at the GS-12 level.

NOTE: To be considered for this position, you must meet all qualification and
eligibility requirements for the GS-1165 series set forth in the Office of
Personnel Management (OPM) Qualification Standards by the closing date of the
announcement. A copy is available at: www.opm.gov/qualifications/index.asp


See educational requirements under "Qualifications Required."

o  CONFIDENTIAL FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE REPORT: If selected, you will be required
to submit Form OGE-450 within 30 days of your initial appointment date, and
annually thereafter. Selectee is subject to financial Disclosure Requirements in
accordance with 5 CFR, Part 2635, Sub part E regarding business or personal
transactions with applicants, borrowers, or business contacts who have or who
are seeking business with this Agency. Selectee must be able to obtain and
maintain a security clearance. If selected you will be subject to a National
Agency Check and Inquiry (NACI) and a credit report.
o  To be eligible for appointment to this position, the new hire must be cleared
to come on board once the results of the fingerprint check, review of the
OF-306, Declaration for Federal Employment, and the candidate's Electronic
Questionnaires for Investigations Processing (eQIP) entries have been reviewed
and determined to be satisfactory.  This position requires a favorable credit
check as part of the background investigation.
HOW YOU WILL BE EVALUATED:

You will be evaluated based on your qualifications for this position as
evidenced by the education, experience, and training you described in your
application package, as well as the responses to the Occupational Questionnaire
to determine the degree to which you possess the knowledge, skills, abilities
and competencies listed below:
            Knowledge of housing, commercial, community programs loan/grant
making requirements.
            Knowledge of housing, commercial, community programs servicing
requirements.
            Program administration/project management
            Oral Communication
            Written Communication
    We will review your application, including the online Occupational
Questionnaire, to ensure you meet the job requirements and assess your ability
to perform this job. Before any certificate can be issued to the selecting
official, the resume and supporting documents are reviewed by an HR Specialist
to ensure that (a) minimum qualification requirements are met and (b) the resume
supports the answers provided to the job-specific questions. Your answers will
be verified against information provided in your online resume and application.
Be sure that your resume clearly supports your responses to all the questions
addressing experience and education relevant to this position.
    Applicants who meet the basic minimum qualification requirements and are
determined to be among the best qualified candidates will be referred to the
hiring manager for consideration. Non-Competitive candidates need to meet
minimum qualification requirements to be referred.

Note: If, after reviewing your resume and / or supporting documentation, a
determination is made that you have inflated your qualifications and or
experience, your score can / will be lowered to more accurately reflect the
submitted documentation. Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or
omissions may affect your rating. Deliberate attempts to falsify information may
be grounds for not selecting you.

To view the application form, visit:
https://rhs.usda.ntis.gov/cp/?event=jobs.previewApplication&jobid=8c094515-ba0e-
4195-8318-a35600ca6367

BENEFITS:
Back to top

You can review our benefits at:
http://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/healthcare/enrollment/new-federal-employ
ee-enrollment/
The Federal Government offers a comprehensive benefits package.  Explore the
major benefits offered to most Federal employees at:
http://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/healthcare/enrollment/new-federal-employ
ee-enrollment/

OTHER INFORMATION:
o  BACKGROUND INVESTIGATION AND FINGERPRINT CHECK:  Selection and retention in
this position is contingent on a successfully adjudicated FBI National Criminal
History Check (fingerprint check) and a background investigation.
o  If you are selected for a position with further promotion potential, you will
be placed under a career development plan, and may be non-competitively promoted
if you successfully complete the requirements and if recommended by management.
However, promotion is neither implied nor guaranteed.
o  This position is eligible for telework and other flexible work arrangements.
Employee participation is at the discretion of the supervisor.
o  Relocation expenses are not authorized.
HOW TO APPLY:
Back to top

Please read the entire announcement and all the instructions before you begin.
The following instructions outline our application process.

You must complete this application process and submit all required documents
electronically by 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time (ET) on the closing date of this
announcement.
    We are available to assist you during business hours (normally 8:00 a.m. -
4:00 p.m., Monday - Friday). Applying online is highly encouraged. If applying
online poses a hardship, please contact our office during business hours well
before the closing date for an alternate method. All hardship application
packages with supporting documents must be submitted no later than noon on the
closing date of the announcement in order to be entered into the system prior to
its closing.
    This agency provides reasonable accommodation to applicants with
disabilities on a case-by-case basis; contact us if you are requesting this.

Step 1: Create a USAJOBS account (if you do not have one) at www.usajobs.gov. It
is recommended that as part of your profile you set up automatic email
notification to be informed when the status of your application changes. If you
choose not to set up this automatic notification, then you will have to log into
your USAJOBS account to check on the status of your application.


Step 2: Create a resume with USAJOBS or upload a resume into your USAJOBS
account. Customize your resume to ensure it documents duties and accomplishments
you have gained that are directly related to this position in order to verify
that qualifications are met. Your resume must support your responses to the
online questionnaire (you may preview the online questionnaire by clicking on
the link at the end of the How You Will Be Evaluated section of the job
announcement).

Step 3: Click "Apply Online" and follow the prompts to complete the Occupational
Questionnaire and attach any additional documents that may be required.
You can update your application or documents anytime while the announcement is
open. Log into your USAJOBS account and click on "Application Status." Click on
the position title, and then select "Update Application" to continue.
NOTE: Verify that uploaded documents from USAJOBs transfer into the Agency's
staffing system. Once in the Agency's staffing system you will have the
opportunity to upload additional documents. Uploaded documents must be less than
3MB and in one of the following document formats: GIF, JPG, JPEG, PNG, RTF, PDF,
or Word (DOC or DOCX).


REQUIRED DOCUMENTS:

A complete Application Package must be submitted and received prior to 11:59,
ET, on the closing date. The following documents are required for your
application package to be complete. Our office cannot be responsible for
incompatible software, illegible fax transmissions, delays in the mail service,
your system failure or downtime, etc. Failure to submit required, legible
documents may result in loss of consideration.

Resume that includes the following information: 1) personal information; 2)
education; 3) work experience including the work schedule and hours worked per
week as well as dates of employment; and title, series and grade if applicable;
4) supervisor's phone number and e-mail address for each work period listed and
whether or not we may contact them for reference checks; and, 5) other
qualifications.
    College Transcripts if education is required for meeting basic
qualifications and/or used as a substitute for specialized experience. An
unofficial copy is sufficient however, if selected; an official college
transcript will be required prior to entering on duty. Education must have been
successfully completed and obtained from an accredited school, college, or
university. Foreign education must be evaluated by an approved organization. For
additional information, refer to the U.S. Department of Education web site at
http://www.ed.gov. All transcripts must be in English or include an English
translation.

Other required documents as applicable:

Current/Former Career/Career-Conditional: Most recent non-award Notification of
Personnel Action (SF-50 or equivalent) showing that you are/were in the
competitive service, highest grade (or promotion potential) held on a permanent
basis, federal status, position title, series and grade AND most recently
completed performance appraisal (dated within 18 months) showing the official
rating of record, signed by the supervisor, or a statement as to why the
performance appraisal is unavailable. Do not submit a performance plan.
    Veteran Hiring Authorities: (VEOA, VRA, and 30% Disabled Veterans): DD-214
(Member 4 Copy). Disabled veterans must include your VA letter & SF-15 if
claiming 10 pt. preference. Current active duty members must submit a
certification that they are expected to be discharged or released from active
duty under honorable conditions not later than 120 days after the date the
certification is submitted.
    Schedule A, Persons with Disabilities: Schedule A letter from a physician,
local, state or federal rehabilitation office citing eligibility under 5 CFR
213.3102 (u).
    Certain Military Spouses under E.O. 13473: Verification of the marriage to
the service member (i.e., a marriage license or other legal documentation
verifying marriage), plus Permanent Change of Station: PCS orders issued within
the last 2 years, that: lists you as authorized to accompany the military member
to the new duty permanent station; the specific location; and the effective date
of the PCS OR Military disability of 100%: verification of the member's release
or discharge due to 100% disability (DD-214 and VA Letter) OR Death while
serving on active duty: 1) Verification of release or discharge due to death
(DD-214). 2) Verification of the member's death (DD-1300 and Death Certificate.
3) Statement certifying they are un-remarried widow or widower of the service
member.
    Foreign Service: Most recent Foreign Service Notification of Personnel
Action, showing that you were/are serving under an unlimited, career-type
appointment AND have completed at least 1 year of continuous service without a
break of a workday under one or more nontemporary Foreign Service appointments.

    CTAP/ICTAP: Certification of Expected Separation, Reduction-In-Force
Separation Notice, Notice of Proposed Removal, or appropriate OPM/Agency
certification; AND most recent performance evaluation; AND SF-50 demonstrating
your separation or the position from which you will be separated.
    Peace Corps/VISTA Volunteers: Documentation of no less than 24 months (Peace
Corps) or 1 year (VISTA) of continuous service and separated within 1 year of
completing the qualifying service.
    Peace Corps Staff: Documentation of no less than 36 months of continuous
service without a break in service of 3 days or more and separated within the 3
years of completing the qualifying service.
    Certain Family Members under E.O. 12721: Most recent non-award SF-50 and
performance appraisal.
    Interchange Agreement with Other Merit Systems: Documentation of eligibility
as listed in interchange agreement.
    Miscellaneous Authorities Not Regulated by the Office of Personnel
Management: (Postal Career Service Employees, Postal Service Commission
Employees, GAO, US Courts, etc.), Current Notification of Personnel Action (or
equivalent) that reflects your eligibility.
    Other Special Hiring Authorities: If you are claiming eligibility under a
Special Hiring Authority, you must submit supporting documents.

AGENCY CONTACT INFO:
Liz Gariepy
Phone: (413) 253-4313
Fax: (413) 253-4347
Email: liz.gariepy@ma.usda.gov
Agency Information:
USDA, Rural Development
451 West Street, Suite 2
Amherst, MA,
01002
USA
Fax: (413) 253-4347
WHAT TO EXPECT NEXT:
If you set up your USAJOBS account to send automatic email notifications, you
will receive an email acknowledging: 1) the submission of your online
Occupational Questionnaire and resume was successful,  2) if you were referred
to the selecting official for consideration, and  3) if you were selected or not
selected. If you choose not to set up automatic email notifications, you must
check your USAJOBS account for the latest status of your application. Your
application may be reviewed to verify that you meet the qualifications and
eligibility requirements for the position prior to issuing lists to a selecting
official. If further evaluation or interviews are required, you will be
contacted. Normally, a final job offer to the selected candidate is made within
30-60 days after the issuance of the certificate.

For more information please visit: https://www.usajobs.gov/

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             707 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   The Times

                             April 7, 1997, Monday

Community

SECTION: Home news

LENGTH: 2112 words


OUR PRIORITIES ARE TO:

* Put 3,000 more police officers on the beat.

* Build more affordable and secure housing.

* End, by the year 2000, the scandal of people being forced to sleep rough on
the streets.

* Revive Britain's sense of community.

HOUSING

Boom and bust house prices, a shortage of decent homes and poor housing have
wrecked the lives of millions and damaged Britain's economy. We will:

* Build more houses. We will encourage partnerships between the public sector,
the private sector and housing associations to build high quality homes to rent
and buy. We will, within strict borrowing controls, give local authorities more
powers to go directly to the market to raise finance for building new homes. We
will begin the phased release of capital receipts from past sales of Council
houses and allow the money to be used to build new homes.

* Give financial security to all, whether they rent or own their homes. We will
introduce a new Mortgage Benefit for first time buyers. They will receive this
instead of Mortgage Interest Tax Relief. Those holding current mortgages will
retain Mortgage Interest Tax Relief. Our aim is, over time, to merge the new
Mortgage Benefit and the current Housing Benefit into one system of housing cost
relief, available to those who buy or rent and focused on those most in need.

* End the scandal of people being forced to sleep rough on the streets. We will
ensure that by the year 2000 no one is forced to sleep on the streets. We will
require every Council to set up self-funding rent deposit schemes to help
homeless people take up private tenancies. We will fund more short-stay hostel
places as the first rung on the ladder to permanent accommodation.

* Take action to tackle homelessness and raise housing standards. We will give
Councils greater power to act on unfit private housing, where the landlord has
failed to do so. We will strengthen tenants' rights to repair and, in the public
sector, give them rights to take part in the management and development of their
homes and estates. Our Empty Homes Strategy will enable local authorities to
work with, and as a last resort require, landlords to bring empty properties
back into use. We will end discrimination against those under 25 by scrapping
the "shared residency rule" when assessing housing benefit.

* Bring confidence back to the housing market by targeting low inflation and low
interest rates.

CRIME AND POLICING

Crime and the fear of crime affect almost every person and every community in
the country. We will:

* Put 3,000 more police officers on the beat. Within one year, we will give
police authorities the resources to put an extra 3,000 police officers on the
beat. We will increase the time the police spend on preventing and detecting
crime by reducing unnecessary paperwork and making greater use of new
technologies.

* Tackle youth crime. We will widen the use of schemes that require offenders to
repay their debt to society and to confront the consequences of their actions.
We will, where appropriate, require parents to participate in support projects
where their children have been involved in juvenile crime. We will develop
schemes that target disruptive children from an early age. We will reserve
custodial sentences for more serious and persistent offenders. Our voluntary
Citizens Service will enable young people to get directly involved in crime
prevention schemes.

* Strengthen the criminal justice system. We will make the justice system work
more quickly and effectively and review sentencing policy. We will overhaul the
Crown Prosecution Service. We will encourage the use of community sentences, as
an alternative to prison, where the result is likely to be less reoffending, and
use prison sentences where they are essential to public protection or to make
punishment effective. We will concentrate resources on crime prevention and on
increasing conviction rates, rather than spending billions on building prisons.

* Focus on crime prevention. We will require Councils to take the lead in
establishing cross-community partnerships against crime, setting specific
targets for crime prevention. We will give Councils powers and resources to
support high-quality, targeted crime prevention.

* Wage war on drug abuse. We will give the Police and Customs and Excise the
support they need to stop drugs coming into Britain. We will set up a Royal
Commission charged with developing policies to tackle the drugs problem at its
roots. * Give victims a new deal. We will promote restorative justice, under
which offenders can be required to compensate victims for the damage they have
caused. We will ensure that the Victim Support movement and the Witness Support
schemes play a full role in the criminal justice system. We will provide victims
with the practical support they need to prevent repeat attacks. * Strengthen
public confidence in the police. We will make police authorities more responsive
to local communities by increasing their elected membership and creating an
accountable police authority for London. We will improve co-operation between
police forces and work more closely with Britain's European partners to combat
international crime, terrorism, drug trafficking and fraud. We will ensure that
the police take further steps to reduce the level of racial and homophobic
violence.

RURAL COMMUNITIES

Britain's rural economy and communities have been transformed over the last
fifty years. The challenge for the next fifty years is to protect and enhance
the richness of rural life, while developing a thriving rural economy. We will:

* Seek further reform of the Common Agricultural Policy (CAP). We will work to
replace the CAP, which currently subsidises production, with Countryside
Management Contracts - a targeted system of direct payments to support economic,
social and environmental goals in rural communities. Countryside Management
Contracts will enable farmers and landowners to choose from a wide range of
options, for example, to improve the rural environment, maximise food quality,
protect natural habitats or move to less intensive or organic farming methods.

* Help rural economies through a period of change. We will, in partnership with
the agriculture industry, draw up a national strategy for farming in order to
provide a framework for public policy and private decision-making over the next
ten years. We will promote agricultural research and development, and assist
farmers wishing to diversify. We will promote local processing of agricultural
products and expand support for small and medium-sized enterprises in rural
areas.

* Tackle rural crime. We will put more police into rural areas, support Farm and
Neighbourhood Watch schemes and give Councils the duty to set up crime
prevention schemes with the local police. We will enable rural police
authorities to introduce mortgage incentive schemes to encourage rural beat
officers to live in the areas they serve.

* Enhance rural services. We will support smaller village schools through
greater use of information technology and specialist teaching teams. We will
encourage schemes that enable local communities to make use of school buildings
and equipment. We will promote community hospitals and use them for more
out-patient consultations.

* Provide more affordable rural housing. We will encourage housing authorities,
Parish Councils and housing associations to set up partnership schemes with the
private sector in order to build low-cost homes for first-time home buyers and
social needs.

* Improve rural transport. We will give local authorities the power to improve
the co-ordination of local bus services and to reopen closed railway stations,
in co-operation with Railtrack. * Strengthen the network of rural sub-post
offices and village shops. We will encourage the Post Office to invest in new
point of sale technologies, in order to provide access, through sub-post
offices, to a wide range of customer services. Where post offices and village
shops which are vital to their local community are threatened, we will enable
local Councils to support them with up to 100 per cent rate relief.

* Protect the countryside. We will help landowners meet the environmental costs
of increased access to the countryside. We will take action to reduce the use of
chemicals in farming.

* Protect rural areas from urbanisation. We will penalise the use of greenfield
sites, set and enforce targets for greater use of brownland sites and encourage
over-the-shop accommodation in market town centres. We will review the excessive
housing totals in the current structure plans and scrap the "predict and
provide" approach to housing development.

* Work to preserve fish stocks and protect the livelihoods of local fishing
communities. Our aim is to scrap the Common Fisheries Policy and replace it with
a new Europe-wide fisheries policy based on the regional management of fish
stocks. We will take firm action to end quota-hopping, begin the phased
abolition of industrial fishing and strengthen decommissioning.

* Promote safe food. We will set up a Food Commission, independent from MAFF and
accountable to Parliament, maintain strict controls on the use of bio-technology
and press for higher common food standards across the European Union.

URBAN COMMUNITIES

Britain's towns and cities offer civic pride, accessible facilities and,
potentially, a high quality of life. However, many suffer from alienation,
joblessness, high crime rates, a run-down environment and loss of population.
Urban areas should offer excitement, security and a strong sense of community.
We will:

* Boost local economic development and job opportunities. We will support local
development corporations. We will build new partnerships between local
government and the private and voluntary sectors, to regenerate local economies
and promote community enterprise. We will link local training to local jobs. We
will encourage the establishment of community banks and credit unions.

* Tackle urban crime. We will expand community policing, ensure that all new
planning takes account of the need to deter crime and focus on crime prevention.

* Encourage public transport. We will enable Councils to co-ordinate bus and
train services and give them powers to introduce urban road pricing schemes,
using the revenue raised to invest in better public transport.

* Reform and strengthen elected local government. We will give local Councils
greater control over their own affairs. We will create a strategic authority for
London. We will encourage the use of "planning for real" strategies, in which
local people can make a direct input into major planning projects in their
community.

ARTS AND MEDIA

Flourishing arts and a diverse culture are essential for a lively and open
society. They can be engines of innovation that bring life to the economy. At
the same time, the world is experiencing an information revolution as important
and far-reaching as the Industrial Revolution. Britain must maintain a free and
effective media capable of being a check on the abuse of power, and of giving
people the information they need to make informed decisions. We will:

* Tackle the concentration of media power. We will act to prevent media mergers
or take-overs, except where these can be shown to advance quality, diversity and
access. We will require the Independent Television Commission to protect the
position of smaller regional ITV companies, within the network supply agreement.

* Maintain the role of the BBC as the benchmark of public service broadcasting,
committed to quality, diversity and universal access. We will protect the
independence and impartiality of the BBC through its Board of Governors and its
licence fee.

* Improve access to information technology and the Internet. We will ensure that
everyone in Britain can have access, either individually or through a wide range
of public access points, to a nationwide interactive communications network by
the year 2000.

* Increase access to the arts. We will use the National Lottery to endow, house
and improve access to the arts. We aim to move towards the European average for
public funding of the arts. We aim to restore the principle of free access to
national museum and gallery collections, starting with the removal of charges
for school parties.

* Promote Britain's culture. We will promote film production in Britain. We will
actively support the British Council and rejoin Unesco. We will enhance the BBC
World Service as a national asset.


LOAD-DATE: April 8, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1997 Times Newspapers Limited


                             708 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                            December 3, 2004 Friday
                            MARTIN-ST. LUCIE EDITION

INDIANTOWN VICTIMS' HOUSING TO IMPROVE

BYLINE: By RANI GUPTA Palm Beach Post Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 574 words

DATELINE: STUART


A plan to add longer-term temporary housing for hurricane victims in Indiantown
could spur the construction of low-income housing that community leaders say is
desperately needed in the area.

The Federal Emergency Management Agency plans to place up to 80 manufactured
trailers in the Heritage Park area to remain for a year and a half after they're
installed, FEMA spokesman Brad Gair said Thursday.

Heritage Park will replace a temporary site off Warfield Boulevard, where about
70 travel trailers are housing hurricane victims.

The new homes will be about double the size of the trailers where storm victims
are now living, Gair said.

FEMA also will pay for the Army Corps of Engineers to install roads, water and
sewer in Heritage Park, a community formerly known as Rogers Quarters that is
located next to Booker Park.

Those utilities will help the Indiantown Revitalization Group, which bought the
11-acre site in 2001, realize a longtime goal of building about 50 single-family
houses in the area.

"It's just going to be extremely helpful," said Donna Carman, executive director
of Indiantown Non-Profit Housing. "It's just a wonderful opportunity."

Gair said the homes will be delivered and the roads and utilities constructed 45
days after FEMA leases the property from Indiantown Non-Profit Housing, which
should be in the next few weeks.

The revitalization group decided several years ago to replace the cinder-block
and tin-roof houses in Rogers Quarters with higher-quality structures but hasn't
yet had the money to do so.

The government's installation of the utilities will make it easier for
low-income residents to afford the homes that will be built there, probably
within the next two years.

"It's a form of subsidy that could save them up to $25,000 (each) if they put in
that infrastructure," said Carman, who added the group doesn't yet have a final
estimate of how much it would save.

The group will try to help low-income families obtain mortgages with the help of
federal subsidies, Carman said.

She said the project would address a lack of affordable housing in the rural
community. A two-story senior apartment building also is planned for Heritage
Park.

"We've had a tremendous housing shortage, and it just keeps escalating and
unfortunately the storms made matters worse," Carman said.

Gair estimates 75 to 100 Indiantown families may need housing because of
hurricane damage.

Many of the low-income hurricane victims using FEMA's temporary housing would
qualify for the permanent housing in Heritage Park, said Don Cuozzo, president
of land-planning firm Houston Cuozzo.

The new location also would ease community concerns that the current trailer
site is an eyesore because it's located on Indiantown's main drag, Warfield
Boulevard, and is one of the first things people see driving into the city.

Brian Powers, chairman of the Indiantown Neighborhood Advisory Committee, said
it will move the trailer residents closer to Booker Park, where many of them
lived before the storms.

"They can be in more of a traditional neighborhood setting than in an RV off the
highway," he said.

County officials said Thursday they plan to work closely with the government to
make sure installation of the roads and utilities comply with the county's code
to ensure a seamless transition from temporary mobile home park to permanent
housing community.

County commissioners could approve the plan as early as next week, Cuozzo said.

rani_gupta@pbpost.com

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: MAP (C)
 BRENNAN KING/Staff Artist Locator map of Heritage Park.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2004 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.


                             709 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 2, 2014 Thursday

Agriculture, Rural Housing Service: Single Family Housing Loan Technician (SFH)
DEU-IN-2015-5258

LENGTH: 2864  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of Personnel Management has issued the following job announcement:

Job Title:Single Family Housing Loan Technician (SFH)

Department:Department Of Agriculture

Agency:Agriculture, Rural Housing Service

Job Announcement Number:DEU-IN-2015-5258
SALARY RANGE:
 $35,256.00 to $46,037.00 / Per Year
OPEN PERIOD:
 Thursday, October 2, 2014 to Tuesday, October 14, 2014
SERIES & GRADE:
 GS-1101-06
POSITION INFORMATION:
 Full-Time - Permanent
PROMOTION POTENTIAL:
06
DUTY LOCATIONS:
 1 vacancy - Columbia City, IN View Map
1 vacancy - North Vernon, IN View Map
WHO MAY APPLY:


US Citizens and Nationals; no prior Federal experience is required.
SECURITY CLEARANCE:
 Not Applicable
SUPERVISORY STATUS:
 No
JOB SUMMARY:

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural Development Agency serves rural
communities throughout the country by investing in their communities through
housing and utility infrastructure, by increasing economic opportunity, and by
improving the quality of life for all rural Americans.  Rural Development
provides over 40 loan and grant programs in the Rural Housing and Community
Facilities Services, Rural Business and Cooperative Services, and Rural
Utilities Service. Rural Development supports a positive work environment and
promotes diversity and inclusion for nearly 5,000 employees.

Rural Development is a dynamic organization recruiting for employees who possess
the energy, compassion, and commitment to serve those in rural communities and
will enjoy working in a fast paced and results driven organization.  Our
commitment is to expand economic opportunity and quality of life in all of rural
America by providing financial programs to support essential public facilities
and services such as water and sewer systems, housing, health clinics, emergency
service facilities and electric and telephone service.  Rural Development offers
a friendly and professional working environment and such excellent benefits as:
a generous salary, alternative work schedules, paid vacation and sick leave,
paid holidays, retirement and supplemental savings plan, a wide array of health,
dental, vision, and life insurance plans, flexible spending accounts, and
long-term care insurance.

This position is being concurrently announced under Merit Promotion procedures
on IN-2015-001. Disabled Veterans, candidates with 3 or more years of active
duty military service, and candidates eligible for special hiring authorities
can apply to the Merit Promotion announcement if they meet criteria for the
above and include supporting documents.

This announcement may be used to fill additional or subsequent vacancies that
are identified by the organization.

This announcement will be used to fill one vacancy in each of the following
locations: Columbia City and North Vernon, IN.

The incumbent of this position is a member of AFGE #622.

TRAVEL REQUIRED

Not Required

RELOCATION AUTHORIZED

No

KEY REQUIREMENTS

You must be a US Citizen or US National.
    Males born after 12/31/59 must be registered with Selective Service.
    Satisfactory completion of background investigation or fingerprint check.
    Successful completion of a one year probationary period.

DUTIES:
Back to top

Provide technical information, assistance and guidance to applicants, borrowers,
lenders, and others concerning eligibility and other requirements for loans,
grants, and/or guarantee programs.
    Screening applications forms and all related documentation for Single Family
Housing Loans.
    Maintains a variety of automated information systems for loan making and
loan servicing, reviews financial documents, statements, and records that are
submitted as part of the application package.
    Ensures application is complete and documents submitted are in accordance
with instructions and procedural requirements.

QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED:
Back to top

Applicants must meet all qualifications and eligibility requirements by the
closing date of the announcement including the following specialized experience
and/or education, as identified by grade level.

For the GS-06 level:

Applicants must have 1 year of specialized experience equivalent to at least the
GS-05; or its non-Federal equivalent that includes: processing experience in
business, agricultural, commercial, realty, or other types of loans. Experience
may have been gained in such work as reviewing applications for a business,
agricultural, commercial bank or mortgage loans; servicing a loan portfolio of a
bank or other loan association. Experience could include reviewing, screening,
and verifying documents related to loans and/or grants; maintaining records,
researching and compiling information related to loans and/or grants. Experience
in providing information orally or by written correspondence; applying
guidelines in relation to loan and/or grants. Minimal experience could include
the maintenance of servicing activities on business, commercial, realty or
agricultural loans and/or grants.  There is no substitution of education for
experience at of the GS-06 level.

NOTE: To be considered for this position, you must meet all qualification and
eligibility requirements for the GS-1101 series set forth in the Office of
Personnel Management (OPM) Qualifications Standards by
hhtp://www.opm.gov/qualifications/index.asp.


    May be subject to satisfactory completion of one year probationary or trial
period.
    Have your salary sent to a financial institution of your choice by Direct
Deposit/Electronic Funds Transfer.
    If you are newly hired, the documentation you present for purposes of
completing the Department Homeland Security (DHS) Form I-9 on your entry-on-duty
date will be verified through the DHS "E-VERIFY" system. Federal law requires
the use of E-VERIFY to confirm the employment eligibility of all new hires.
Under this system, the new hire is required to resolve any identified
discrepancies as a condition of continued employment.
    To be eligible for appointment to this position, the new hire must be
cleared to come on board once the results of the fingerprint check, review of
the OF-306, Declaration for Federal Employment, and the candidate's Electronic
Questionnaires for Investigations Processing (eQIP) entries have been reviewed
and determined to be satisfactory. This position requires a favorable credit
check as part of the background investigation.

HOW YOU WILL BE EVALUATED:

The category rating procedure is used to rank and select eligible candidates.
Under category rating, applicants who meet basic minimum qualification
requirements established for the position and whose job related competencies
have been assessed are ranked by being placed in one of the following
categories: Best Qualified, Well Qualified, and Qualified. Preference eligibles
are listed ahead of non-preference eligibles within each category.

You will be evaluated based on your qualifications for this position as
evidenced by the education, experience, and training you described in your
application package, as well as the responses to the Occupational Questionnaire
to determine the degree to which you possess the knowledge, skills, abilities
and competencies listed below:

Knowledge of loan and/or grant making and servicing policies and procedures.
        Skill in planning, scheduling and organizing work.
        Knowledge of computer applications.
        Oral Communication.
        Written Communication.
        Office Skills.

We will review your application, including the online Occupational
Questionnaire, to ensure you meet the job requirements and assess your ability
to perform this job. Before any certificate can be issued to the selecting
official, the resume and supporting documents are reviewed by an HR Specialist
to ensure that (a) minimum qualification requirements are met and (b) the resume
supports the answers provided to the job-specific questions. Your answers will
be verified against information provided in your online resume and application.
Be sure that your resume clearly supports your responses to all the questions
addressing experience and education relevant to this position.
    Veterans' Preference: Preference eligibles will be listed at the top of
their assigned category, before non-preference eligibles in that category.
Preference eligibles who have a compensable service-connected disability of 10
percent or more (CPS, CP) are placed at the top of the Best Qualified category
on the referral list. XP and TP preference eligibles are placed above
non-preference eligibles within their assigned category. For additional
information on entitlement see:

NOTE: If, after reviewing your resume and/or supporting documentation, a
determination is made that you have inflated your qualifications and or
experience, your score can/will be lowered to more accurately reflect the
submitted documentation. Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or
omissions may affect your rating. Deliberate attempts to falsify information may
be grounds for not selecting you.
To view the application form, visit:
https://rhs.usda.ntis.gov/cp/?event=jobs.previewApplication&jobid=529fc623-32e6-
4814-9a9a-a3ab00ab9472

BENEFITS:
Back to top
The Federal Government offers a comprehensive benefits package.  Explore the
major benefits offered to most Federal employees at:
http://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/healthcare/enrollment/new-federal-employ
ee-enrollment/.

OTHER INFORMATION:

If you are a male applicant born after December 31, 1959, certify that you have
registered with the Selective Service System or are exempt from having to do so.

    BACKGROUND INVESTIGATION AND FINGERPRINT CHECK: Selection and retention in
this position is contingent on a successfully adjudicated FBI National Criminal
History Check (fingerprint check) and a background investigation.
    Interagency Career Transition Assistance Plan (ICTAP) or Career Transition
Assistance Plan (CTAP): For more information on how to apply as an ICTAP
eligible see http://www.opm.gov/rif/employee_guides/career_transition.asp#ictap.
For information on how to apply as a CTAP eligible see
http://www.opm.gov/rif/employee_guides/career_transition.asp#ctap.
    This is a bargaining unit designated position.
    Relocation expenses are not authorized.
    Persons with disabilities who require alternative means for communications
of program information (Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.) should contact:
USDA's TARGET Center at 202-720-2600 (voice and TDD).


HOW TO APPLY:
Back to top

Please read the entire announcement and all the instructions before you begin.
The following instructions outline our application process:

You must complete this application process and submit all required documents
electronically by 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time (ET) on the closing date of this
announcement.
    We are available to assist you during business hours (normally 8:00 a.m. -
4:00 p.m., Monday - Friday).  Applying online is highly encouraged. If you
cannot apply on-line, call the number listed under Agency Contact Information
prior to the closing date to request a hard copy of the complete application
package.  Application package will be sent to the applicant. The completed
package along with any required supporting documents must be received in the HR
Office by the closing date of the announcement. No extension will be granted.
    This agency provides reasonable accommodation to applicants with
disabilities on a case-by-case basis; contact us if you are requesting this.

Step 1: Create a USAJOBS account (if you do not have one) at www.usajobs.gov. It
is recommended that as part of your profile you set up automatic email
notification to be informed when the status of your application changes. If you
choose not to set up this automatic notification, then you will have to log into
your USAJOBS account to check on the status of your application.

Step 2: Create a resume with USAJOBS or upload a resume into your USAJOBS
account. Customize your resume to ensure it documents duties and accomplishments
you have gained that are directly related to this position in order to verify
that qualifications are met. Your resume must support your responses to the
online questionnaire (you may preview the online questionnaire by clicking on
the link at the end of the How You Will Be Evaluated section of the job
announcement).

Step 3: Click "Apply Online" and follow the prompts to complete the Occupational
Questionnaire and attach any additional documents that may be required. You can
update your application or documents anytime while the announcement is open. Log
into your USAJOBS account and click on "Application Status." Click on the
position title, and then select "Update Application" to continue.

NOTE: Verify that uploaded documents from USAJOBs transfer into the Agency's
staffing system. Once in the Agency's staffing system you will have the
opportunity to upload additional documents. Uploaded documents must be less than
3MB and in one of the following document formats: GIF, JPG, JPEG, PNG, RTF, PDF,
or Word (DOC or DOCX).


REQUIRED DOCUMENTS:

You must submit a complete Application Package, prior to 11:59, ET, on the
closing date of this announcement. The following documents must be submitted for
your application package to be considered complete. It is your responsibility to
ensure all required documents are received within the required timeframes. Our
office cannot be responsible for incompatible software, illegible fax
transmissions, delays in the mail service, system failure or downtime, etc.
Failure to submit required, legible documents may result in loss of
consideration.

Resume that includes the following information: 1) job information for which you
are applying; 2) personal information; 3) education; 4) work experience
including the work schedule and hours worked per week as well as dates of
employment; and title, series and grade if applicable; 5) supervisors phone
number and e-mail address for each work period listed and whether or not we may
contact them for reference checks; and, 6) other qualifications.
    DD-214 (Member 4 Copy) if claiming Veterans' Preference. Veterans claiming
10 point preference must also submit a VA Letter and an SF-15 Application for
10-point Veteran Preference. Current active duty members must submit a
certification that they are expected to be discharged or released from active
duty under honorable conditions not later than 120 days after the date the
certification is submitted.
    Other required documents may include:
        CTAP/ICTAP Required Documentation Reduction-In-Force: Certification of
Expected Separation, Reduction-In-Force Separation Notice, or Notice of Proposed
Removal; AND most recent performance evaluation; AND SF-50 demonstrating your
separation or the position you will be separated from.
        Worker's Compensation Separation: Agency certification of inability to
place employee AND Notification of Separation OR Separation SF-50.
        Disability Annuity Termination: Notification from OPM of disability
annuity termination AND Separation SF-50 of the last position held. Military
Reserve or National Guard Technician Special Disability Retirement Annuity under
5 U.S.C. 8337(h) or 8456: Certification of special disability retirement annuity
from a military department or National Guard Bureau AND Separation SF-50 of the
last position held.

NOTE: If a document is resubmitted, it replaces the previous submission, which
means the previous document is no longer available to the Human Resources
Office. If you are adding to, rather than replacing a previous submission, you
must upload both the old document and the new document. Please verify that
documents you are uploading from USAJOBs transfer into the Agency's staffing
system as there is a limitation to the number of documents that can be
transferred. However, once in the Agency's staffing system, you will have the
opportunity to upload additional documents. Uploaded resumes must be less than
3MB and in one of the following document formats: GIF, JPG, JPEG, PNG, RTF, PDF,
or Word (DOC or DOCX).


AGENCY CONTACT INFO:
Tomiko Starling
Phone: 202-692-0362
Fax: 202-692-0218
Email: tomiko.starling@wdc.usda.gov
Agency Information:
USDA Rural Development
DEU
Please read entire announcement.,
00000
USA
Fax: 202-692-0218
WHAT TO EXPECT NEXT:

If you set up your USAJOBS account to send automatic email notifications, you
will receive an email acknowledging: 1) the submission of your online
Occupational Questionnaire and resume was successful, 2) if you were referred to
the selecting official for consideration, and 3) if you were selected or not
selected. If you choose not to set up automatic email notifications, you must
check your USAJOBS account for the latest status of your application. Your
application may be reviewed to verify that you meet the qualifications and
eligibility requirements for the position prior to issuing lists to a selecting
official. If further evaluation or interviews are required, you will be
contacted. Normally, a final job offer to the selected candidate is made within
30-60 days after the issuance of the certificate.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             710 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Clay Center Dispatch (Kansas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 21, 2012 Tuesday

Housing activity picking up in Clay, but prices still low

BYLINE: Ned Valentine, Clay Center Dispatch, Kan.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 635 words


Feb. 21--Local real estate agents Carol Worley and Barbara Guldner say while
activity is picking up in the local housing market, prices remain depressed from
the highs in 2006-07.

The housing market is "starting to come back," Worley told those gathered at the
weekly Chamber forum Friday morning. "More buyers are looking."

The two described the environment as "wonderful" for buyers for homes to live in
or for rentals. But sellers, especially those who bought in the high activity
five years ago, are facing difficulty selling for what they paid.

Price is a major factor in holding back sales locally, the agents said.

Guldner said loans are available in the 3.5 to 5 percent range depending on the
buyer's credit rating. For those with 780 rating or above, there are even 100
percent loans available. Funding is available from Rural Development, FHA, VA
and first time homebuyers programs.

They said 2011 is on record as the worst year for real estate in Clay Center
with only 48 residential properties sold compared with an average of 65 to 75 in
"normal" years.

Most of the 65 to 70 houses on the market today are occupied, some rented by
owners who have taken the house off the market for a year, they reported

Some homes are selling below the prices paid in 2006-07 before Ft. Riley began
building on post and military personnel were told they would be able to avoid
transfers to other posts for longer periods of time. When that didn't
materialize, some military personnel sold their Clay Center homes.

Turnover is slower than in the mini-boom years, with homes remaining on the
market an average of six to nine months compared with three to six months in
normal times.

The agents said money is available for home purchases locally, but that
increased regulation makes the process complicated, particularly in dealing with
government agencies or on-line lenders.

Guldner said a credit score of 680 is about as low as a borrower can be and
still be approved.

Keith Blake with Union State Bank told the group they do not consider credit
scores as a primary determinate of loan eligibility as many lenders do. He said
the bank is more interested in charge-offs and collections history the customer
may have experienced.

The market is ideal for those wishing to invest in rental properties with low
interest, reduced pricing and the ability to receive from $400 to $1,000 per
month in rent.

"There is more demand for rentals," Guldner told the group. "We get calls every
day (for rentals)."

Some homeowners contract with buyers in private transactions, they said.

The agents said paperwork has increased over the past twenty years.

"Our closing contracts used to be two pages and the listing sheet was a half
page," Guldner said. Today the listing sheet is eight pages and the contract
eight pages including lead paint and radon disclosure and a criminal registry
paragraph as well as condition disclosure sheets.

The two had tips for buyers and sellers in today's local market.

Sellers:

*    Get your property inspected and appraised.

*     If you want the property to sell, be realistic and price it to sell.

*     Be prepared to disclose everything you know about problems that may affect
the value of your home.

Buyers:

*    Get pre-qualified for your loan so you know exactly how much you can afford
and to save time.

*    Once you are pre-approved, don't do anything to screw up your credit rating
such as refinancing a vehicle, until the closing is complete.

*    Deal with local banks where you deal with the lender face to face. That
will save time and hassle and may save upfront costs compared with dealing over
the internet, they said.

___ (c)2012 the Clay Center Dispatch (Clay Center, Kan.) Visit the Clay Center
Dispatch (Clay Center, Kan.) at www.zwire.com/site/news.cfm?brd=1160 Distributed
by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120221-YA-Housing
-activity-picking-up-in-Clay-but-prices-still-low-0221-20120221

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YA


                      Copyright 2012 Clay Center Dispatch


                             711 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Capital Times (Madison, Wisconsin)

                            January 28, 2005 Friday
                                 FIRST EDITION

RESTAURATEUR CHARGED

BYLINE: By Steven Elbow The Capital Times

SECTION: METRO; POLICE REPORT; Pg. 3C

LENGTH: 724 words


A Stoughton restaurant owner was charged Thursday with two counts of securities
fraud after allegedly bilking investors out of more than $800,000.

Faye F. Rasmussen, 53, also faces a charge of perjury. In all, she could face up
to 25 years in prison if convicted on the charges.

According to the criminal complaint, Rasmussen, owner of the former Silverado
Cafe, convinced Robert Disch in 2000 to lend her more than $690,000 in order to
secure a line of credit for her business, Faval Inc., by offering him up to 45
percent of the stock in the company. She also promised not to tap the company's
accounts until her business showed a profit.

Bank records, however, showed that Rasmussen used the account to pay numerous
bills, including credit cards, her daughter's dance lessons, real estate taxes,
clothing and other expenses.

She declared bankruptcy in 2002, and Disch later won a judgment for the full
amount of the money he lent Rasmussen.

Rasmussen also allegedly convinced area businessman Carter Smith to loan her
$125,000 at 10 percent interest and $7,500 loan costs to expand her business.
Rasmussen then allegedly used the money to pay off a $100,000 loan made to her
by her grandmother, Clara Francois, now deceased, after family members demanded
repayment.

Rasmussen subsequently defaulted on the loan, which she told Smith she would
repay when she received a state guaranteed loan in July of 2001, and Smith had
to take out another loan to pay his children's college tuition and property
taxes on bowling centers he owns.

*

Burglary charges: Two men were charged with a total of 13 burglaries Thursday
for a crime spree in rural Dane County that netted them thousands of dollars in
goods to fuel their crack cocaine habits.

David G. Hull, 34, and Matthew Nagel, 33, both of 3618 Novick Drive, were
charged with burglarizing 13 residences in rural areas in the towns of Dunn,
Blue Mounds, Oregon, Dane, Sun Prairie, Westport, Berry, Albion and Springfield
and the city of Fitchburg.

The pair readily confessed after Dane County Sheriff's deputies caught up to
them and much of the stolen property was recovered, according to a criminal
complaint filed today.

Nagel told deputies they routinely selected houses in rural areas where they
would not be spotted, and if they did not find open doors, which they frequently
did, they would kick in a door to gain entry. They would do as many as three
burglaries a day, Nagel said, but did not go out each day.

The began their spree on Dec. 9 by burglarizing a home on Union Road in the town
of Oregon and ended it when deputies apprehended them Jan. 5.

Nagel subsequently went for a ride around the county with deputies, visiting
sites of reported burglaries, and identified several homes where he and Hull had
committed break-ins.

Although the pair was mainly after money to buy crack cocaine, they also took
DVDs and CDs from various homes, as well as guns, a camera, antique silverware
and a guitar and amplifier. The largest haul came when they walked off with a
safe which contained $2,000.

Each of the 13 counts carries a maximum term of 12 years and six months for
Nagel, and 18 years and six months for Hull, who is charged as a repeat
criminal.

*

House hit by shots: A home on the city's southwest side was hit by bullets early
today, the second such shooting in Madison this week.

Police said no one was hurt when someone fired the shots in the 1800 block of
Cameron Drive just after 1:30 a.m.

Police today would not say how many times the home was hit.

On Sunday, a residence in the 1600 block of Delaware Boulevard on the city's
north side was fired on. No one was injured. Police said that incident was
probably not random, and people were seen leaving the scene in a four-door
sedan.

*

Man injured: A Minnesota man was in critical condition after the semi he was
unloading crushed him into a loading dock.

Christopher M. Smith, 33, of Kenyon, Minn., was unloading a semi at Target at
about 11:15 a.m. Thursday when the accident happened.

Police said Smith asked the driver of the truck, 25-year-old Lor Herh of
Minneapolis, to pull forward, but Herh did not set the brake, and the rig rolled
backward.

Smith suffered multiple internal injuries when the truck pinned him to the
loading dock. He underwent surgery at University Hospital and remained in
critical condition today.

E-mail: selbow@madison.com

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  A shorter version appeared in the second edition on page 3C.  The
headline was:  Second home in city is struck by bullets.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2005 Madison Newspapers, Inc.


                             712 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                      July 28, 1989, Friday, City Edition

Tampa to seek grant to aid hotel developer

BYLINE: MICHELLE HEYER

SECTION: TAMPA; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 566 words

DATELINE: TAMPA



TAMPA - The City Council got its first indication Thursday of how    much city
assistance the developers of Tampa's convention center hotel    want. For
starters, they'd like an $ 8-million federally subsidized    loan.

     At its weekly meeting, the council gave permission to city    officials to
submit an Urban Development Action Grant (UDAG)    application on behalf of the
Tampa Bay Convention Center Hotel Corp.        The council last week approved
the hotel corporation as the    developer of a major hotel across from the new
convention center,    although a contract between the developer and the city has
not been    settled. The corporation is a joint venture by local developer
Ronald    W. Moore and George Steinbrenner, chairman and chief executive officer

    of American Ship Building and owner of the New York Yankees.

     Even without a contract, city officials agreed to apply for the    grant
because it must be submitted by Monday.

     The federal program is financed and administered through the    federal
Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD). City    Planning Director
Roger Wehling said he expects federal officials to    decide on the grant by
Oct. 2.

     According to Wehling, the federal housing agency could award the    city
less than the full $ 8-million. It is standard procedure to ask for    more than
the city expects to receive, he said. He has no idea how much    the actual
grant will be.

     If the grant is approved, the federal agency would give the funds    to the
city, and the city would then lend the money to the hotel    developers at a
below-market interest rate to be set by the federal    agency.

     As the developer paid the money back, the city would have to spend    it on
projects meeting federal guidelines.

     Wehling didn't know how much money the developers would save    through a
low-interest federal loan compared with a commercial loan.

 Moore and Steinbrenner were not available for comment Thursday.

     Despite uncertainty about the size of the grant, the money is    already
spent. Half would be used to buy land for the hotel site, said    Wehling.

     Two of the parcels in question belong to the city, and developer    Moore
has an option to buy the rest. Wehling does not know the total    value of the
land because "it is still being assessed."

     The other half of the loan would be directed toward financing the    hotel,
Wehling said.

     This is only the third time the city has helped a private developer
apply for a loan through the UDAG program, said Wehling. According to    City
Accountant Jose Fernandez, city officials obtained a $ 7.8-million    loan in
1979 for the downtown Hyatt Regency hotel, and in 1981 they    helped secure an
$ 800,000 loan for the Critikon project.

     The subsidized loan for the convention center hotel is the first of    what
will likely be several city concessions to assist the project's    developers.

     In their initial proposal, Moore and Steinbrenner said they would
outline exactly what they want from the city once negotiations are    under way.

 Those negotiations have not begun, but, according to    Wehling, they should
start soon.



LOAD-DATE: November 9, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: TAMPA

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO; Model of the hotel proposed by the Steinbrenner
group connecting to the Tampa Convention Center

                            Times Publishing Company


                             713 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          Appeal-Democrat (California)

                           October 20, 2005, Thursday

County gets creative on housing

BYLINE: By Eve Hightower

LENGTH: 678 words



A little creativity is going to help get the job done in Williams.

Thanks to a cost-sharing plan devised by developers and Colusa County officials,
the City of Williams will meet its affordable-housing requirement, a developer
will build a 160-unit community in the city, and the county will keep a group of
grants it feared losing.

The details of the plan, and who will take part, are still being worked out,
according to participants.

The idea is that the county will provide the land for a sewer system pump
station, and developers will jointly purchase the sewer line. Once the
infrastructure is in place, developers will move forward with construction
plans, and the county will be able to use funding that some thought would be
lost due to the lack of progress on building a new migrant center.

Months before hashing out the plan, Migrant Farm Housing Director Harry Krug was
convinced the county would lose $ 6.5 million in grants and loans earmarked for
the migrant housing center because there would be no sewage line to service the
center.

The money would finance construction of 50 year-round migrant housing units, 10
seasonal migrant units, a community center, laundry facility, manager's unit and
playground in the south part of the city.

Williams sits at the intersection of Highway 20 and Interstate 5, about 10 miles
west of the town of Colusa.

The $ 6.5 million is comprised of a $ 2.75 million federal loan and three
grants, including a $ 3 million state grant specifically for such projects.

Krug has been negotiating with the city since he helped secure the funds four
years ago. The state and federal government will not hold the money much longer,
Krug said. He originally planned to relinquish the funding if nothing was done
with it by the end of this year.

Since then, D & K Construction, other developers and the county began devising a
plan to extend the sewer line on their own. Consequently, Krug drafted a letter
requesting an extension on the amount of time the county had to spend the grant.

"It's been so long, at this point we could get into problems of the funds not
covering the cost of building it because of increased (construction) costs,"
Krug said.

Still, if the county counsel finds the plan is flawed, the project could be put
on hold again. For Krug, it would be one more snag in what has so far been a
grueling exercise.

Earlier this year, Krug said he was frustrated with Williams municipal officials
who seemed unwilling to work with the county to start construction on the
project. The city originally wanted the county to pay for more off-site sewage
system improvements.

"We didn't have money or taxpayer authority to spend on off-site improvements,"
Krug said.

Had D & K Construction not come forward with a plan, Krug figures the money
would have been lost and the city would have failed to meet its state-mandated
affordable-housing requirements.

D & K Construction could not be reached for comment.

In the next five years, Williams must add 74 very low-income housing units, 64
low-income housing units, 68 moderate income units, and 135 above-moderate
income units to meet the regional housing allocation, said Williams City Planner
Jim Manning.

According to Manning, the city also needs to upgrade and expand its sewage
treatment facility in the northern part of the city to comply with state
regulations and meet the demands of new growth.

"The treatment plant is already almost at capacity," Manning said.

It is still unknown how much the upgrade and expansion will cost the city, as it
has not yet been designed or put up for bid, Manning added.



-----

To see more of the Appeal-Democrat, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.appeal-democrat.com.

Copyright (c) 2005, Appeal-Democrat, Marysville, Calif.

Distributed by Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News.

For information on republishing this content, contact us at (800) 661-2511
(U.S.), (213) 237-4914 (worldwide), fax (213) 237-6515, or e-mail
reprints@krtinfo.com.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

KR-ACC-NO: MY-HOUSING-20051020

JOURNAL-CODE: MY

               Copyright 2005 Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News
                  Copyright 2005 Appeal-Democrat (California)


                             714 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   January 11, 1990, Thursday, Final Edition

Housing Sought For Elderly;
Group Would Buy, Convert Mansion

BYLINE: Veronica T. Jennings, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: MARYLAND WEEKLY (MONTGOMERY); PAGE M1

LENGTH: 612 words


A Howard County nonprofit housing group wants to purchase an early 19th century
farm manor house near Clarksville and convert the historic structure into a
group home for the elderly, an organizer said this week.

Harry Dunbar, president of the board of directors of the Housing Development
Corp., said his organization is seeking to buy the Brick House Farm and three
acres of adjoining property on Shepherd Lane off Route 108 for $ 800,000. Dunbar
said the nonprofit corporation would then renovate the structure at a cost of $
500,000 to provide housing for 15 elderly residents.

"There is an overwhelming need for elderly housing in Howard County," said
Dunbar, a real estate agent and personnel manager with the federal government.
The manor house's rural setting is ideal for future expansion, Dunbar said.

Dunbar said the Columbia-based housing group has been looking for a suitable
site for its proposed project for more than a year. Last March, Thomas Taro, who
owns the farm site, offered to sell the mansion and land to the organization
after learning of the group's efforts, Dunbar said.

At a news conference Tuesday, Dunbar appealed to the local community for help
with the project, the group's first since it was incorporated last year.

Dunbar asked individuals and businesses for tax-deductible contributions,
saying, "We've done all the things that can be done for free. It's an idea that
needs financial support."

The community funds would be used as leverage to acquire additional dollars from
local and state government housing programs, said Dunbar, who is also chairman
of the housing subcommittee for the Economic Forum, a pro-growth coalition of
business, development interests and civic groups.

Advocates for the elderly say Dunbar's plan could help fill a housing void in
the county. Diane Perry, in-home services coordinator for the county's Office of
Aging, said Howard has the fastest-growing elderly population in the Baltimore
area.

Perry said a state study projects that the number of county residents age 60 and
over will increase from nearly 17,000 now to 43,055 by 2000.

As the county's population grows older, more independent living facilities will
be needed for the elderly, Perry said. "We want them to stay in the community as
long as possible," she said.

Local interest in elderly group homes has escalated in recent years, Perry said.
Two years ago, there was one such facility in Howard; now there are nine
projects, with another scheduled to open in Fulton in a few weeks, she said.

Fifty-nine elderly residents are housed in the nine existing group homes, Perry
said. The homes, each of which provides shelter for four to 15 residents, offer
private or semi-private rooms, full meals, housekeeping, laundry, 24-hour
supervision and transportation, Perry said. Monthly rents range from $ 950 to $
1,600 per resident, she said. The county provides rent subsidies for 19 of the
59 elderly tenants in local group homes, Perry said.

The Brick House Farm mansion, built in the early 1800s, could house 15, Dunbar
said. The manor house, which has seven bedrooms, five baths, four fireplaces and
a 2,000-square-foot entertainment room, is registered with the county's
historical society. About 100 acres surrounding the mansion is being considered
for inclusion in the county's farmland preservation program, Dunbar and county
officials said.

Dunbar said the housing group has applied for a state grant for $ 25,000 in seed
money that would be used for appraisals and architectural fees. He said he has
asked the county for $ 500,000 in loans and grants for the project, but has not
received a firm commitment.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: MARYLAND NEWS

                       Copyright 1990 The Washington Post


                             715 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 10, 2014 Thursday

Agriculture, Rural Housing Service: Loan Specialist (Comm) KY-2014-0008MP

LENGTH: 2527  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of Personnel Management has issued the following job announcement:

Job Title:Loan Specialist (Comm)

Department:Department Of Agriculture

Agency:Agriculture, Rural Housing Service

Job Announcement Number:KY-2014-0008MP
SALARY RANGE:
 $69,497.00 to $90,344.00 / Per Year
OPEN PERIOD:
 Wednesday, July 9, 2014 to Friday, July 18, 2014
SERIES & GRADE:
 GS-1165-12
POSITION INFORMATION:
 Full-Time - Permanent
PROMOTION POTENTIAL:
12
DUTY LOCATIONS:
 1 vacancy - Lexington, KY View Map
WHO MAY APPLY:


Current Kentucky Rural Development employees with competitive (career or career
conditional) status as well as CTAP eligibles within the local commuting area.
SECURITY CLEARANCE:
 Q - Nonsensitive
SUPERVISORY STATUS:
 No
JOB SUMMARY:

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural Development Agency serves rural
communities throughout the country by investing in their communities through
housing and utility infrastructure, by increasing economic opportunity, and by
improving the quality of life for all rural Americans.  Rural Development
provides over 40 loan and grant programs in the Rural Housing and Community
Facilities Services, Rural Business and Cooperative Services, and Rural
Utilities Service. Rural Development supports a positive work environment and
promotes diversity and inclusion for nearly 5,000 employees.

Rural Development is a dynamic organization recruiting for employees who possess
the energy, compassion, and commitment to serve those in rural communities and
will enjoy working in a fast paced and results driven organization.  Our
commitment is to expand economic opportunity and quality of life in all of rural
America by providing financial programs to support essential public facilities
and services such as water and sewer systems, housing, health clinics, emergency
service facilities and electric and telephone service.  Rural Development offers
a friendly and professional working environment and such excellent benefits as:
a generous salary, alternative work schedules, paid vacation and sick leave,
paid holidays, retirement and supplemental savings plan, a wide array of health,
dental, vision, and life insurance plans, flexible spending accounts, and
long-term care insurance.


TRAVEL REQUIRED

25% or Greater
    Travel to perform Loan Specialist duties

RELOCATION AUTHORIZED

No

KEY REQUIREMENTS

US Citizenship is required.
    Selective Service Registration is required for males born after 12/31/1959.
    OGE 450 Required
    Relocation expenses will not be paid.
    Must meet time in grade by the closing date of the announcement.

DUTIES:
Back to top

The position is located in the Kentucky State Office, Rural Business-Cooperative
Services Program staff where incumbent performs a wide variety of loan review,
processing and servicing duties under the immediate supervision of the
Business-Cooperative Services Program Director.

The incumbent has responsibility for providing State-wide leadership, guidance,
and review in Rural Business-Cooperative Programs for the making and servicing
of loans and grants to support business development in rural areas of the State.

As a technical expert, the incumbent is delegated responsibility for the
development, management, coordination and administration of an assigned loan and
grant program portfolio(s) involving one or more of the agency regulatory loan
functions, practices and activities associated with the more complex and diverse
aspects of loan and grant application and review for loan and grant eligibility,
feasibility, credit worthiness and viability determinations, loan and grant
approval and closing, project development and monitoring, and loan and grant
servicing.

.

QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED:
Back to top

For GS-12: Applicants must have 1 year of specialized experience equivalent to
at least the GS-11; or its non-Federal equivalent that demonstrate comprehensive
knowledge and understanding of technicalities of commercial financing and credit
and skill in directing and evaluating employees. Experience may have been gained
in such work as reviewing and passing on applications for complex business
and/or municipal transactions or by servicing a commercial loan portfolio;
providing financial management guidance to borrowers in ascertaining and
analyzing the many and often obscure facts regarding the corporate borrower's
financial capacity; evaluating the general economic and financial conditions
that affect the organization/government's risk in granting, guaranteeing or
insuring loans; and participating with overall office management by providing
guidance and direction to lower level employees.


There is no substitution of education for experience at the GS-12 level.

o  Must possess and maintain a valid driver's license.
o  Travel will be required.
o  Have your salary sent to a financial institution of your choice by Direct
Deposit/Electronic Funds Transfer.
o  Selectee must be able to obtain and maintain a security clearance. If
selected you may be subject to a National Agency Check and Inquiry (NACI) and a
credit report inquiry.
HOW YOU WILL BE EVALUATED:

You will be evaluated based on your qualifications for this position as
evidenced by the education, experience, and training you described in your
application package, as well as the responses to the Occupational Questionnaire
to determine the degree to which you possess the knowledge, skills, abilities
and competencies listed below:
        Knowledge of Business Programs loan and/or grant making requirements.
        Knowledge of Business Programs servicing requirements.
        Program Administration/Project Management
        Supervision
        Oral Communication
        Written Communication
    We will review your application, including the online Occupational
Questionnaire, to ensure you meet the job requirements and assess your ability
to perform this job. Before any certificate can be issued to the selecting
official, the resume and supporting documents are reviewed by an HR Specialist
to ensure that (a) minimum qualification requirements are met and (b) the resume
supports the answers provided to the job-specific questions. Your answers will
be verified against information provided in your online resume and application.
Be sure that your resume clearly supports your responses to all the questions
addressing experience and education relevant to this position.
    Applicants who meet the basic minimum qualification requirements and are
determined to be among the best qualified candidates will be referred to the
hiring manager for consideration. Non-Competitive candidates need to meet
minimum qualification requirements to be referred.

Note: If, after reviewing your resume and / or supporting documentation, a
determination is made that you have inflated your qualifications and or
experience, your score can / will be lowered to more accurately reflect the
submitted documentation. Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or
omissions may affect your rating. Deliberate attempts to falsify information may
be grounds for not selecting you.

To view the application form, visit:
https://rhs.usda.ntis.gov/cp/?event=jobs.previewApplication&jobid=0246126d-9ef0-
4291-ab8d-a36300a31e2a

BENEFITS:
Back to top

You can review our benefits at:
http://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/healthcare/enrollment/new-federal-employ
ee-enrollment/
The Federal Government offers a comprehensive benefits package.  Explore the
major benefits offered to most Federal employees at:
http://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/healthcare/enrollment/new-federal-employ
ee-enrollment/

OTHER INFORMATION:
o  If you are a male applicant born after December 31, 1959, certify that you
have registered with the Selective Service System or are exempt from having to
do so.
o  Obtain and use a Government-issued charge card for business-related travel.
o  BACKGROUND INVESTIGATION AND FINGERPRINT CHECK:  Selection and retention in
this position is contingent on a successfully adjudicated FBI National Criminal
History Check (fingerprint check) and a background investigation.
o  Career Transition Assistance Plan(CTAP):   If you are claiming CTAP
eligibility, provide proof of eligibility to include your most recent
performance appraisal, SF-50, and proof of eligibility such as a RIF separation
notice or letter from OPM/your agency.  CTAP eligibles will be considered
well-qualified if achieving a rating of _88_ or above.  Information about
CTAP/ICTAP eligibility is on OPM's Career Transition Resources website at
http://www.opm.gov/ctap/index.asp.
o  Relocation expenses are not authorized.
o  This position is eligible for telework and other flexible work arrangements.
Employee participation is at the discretion of the supervisor.
HOW TO APPLY:
Back to top

Please read the entire announcement and all the instructions before you begin.
The following instructions outline our application process.

You must complete this application process and submit all required documents
electronically by 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time (ET) on the closing date of this
announcement.
    We are available to assist you during business hours (normally 8:00 a.m. -
4:00 p.m., Monday - Friday). Applying online is highly encouraged. If applying
online poses a hardship, please contact our office during business hours well
before the closing date for an alternate method. All hardship application
packages with supporting documents must be submitted no later than noon on the
closing date of the announcement in order to be entered into the system prior to
its closing.
    This agency provides reasonable accommodation to applicants with
disabilities on a case-by-case basis; contact us if you are requesting this.

Step 1: Create a USAJOBS account (if you do not have one) at www.usajobs.gov. It
is recommended that as part of your profile you set up automatic email
notification to be informed when the status of your application changes. If you
choose not to set up this automatic notification, then you will have to log into
your USAJOBS account to check on the status of your application.


Step 2: Create a resume with USAJOBS or upload a resume into your USAJOBS
account. Customize your resume to ensure it documents duties and accomplishments
you have gained that are directly related to this position in order to verify
that qualifications are met. Your resume must support your responses to the
online questionnaire (you may preview the online questionnaire by clicking on
the link at the end of the How You Will Be Evaluated section of the job
announcement).

Step 3: Click "Apply Online" and follow the prompts to complete the Occupational
Questionnaire and attach any additional documents that may be required.
You can update your application or documents anytime while the announcement is
open. Log into your USAJOBS account and click on "Application Status." Click on
the position title, and then select "Update Application" to continue.
NOTE: Verify that uploaded documents from USAJOBs transfer into the Agency's
staffing system. Once in the Agency's staffing system you will have the
opportunity to upload additional documents. Uploaded documents must be less than
3MB and in one of the following document formats: GIF, JPG, JPEG, PNG, RTF, PDF,
or Word (DOC or DOCX).


REQUIRED DOCUMENTS:

A resume should be provided. It should include relevant work experience
(start/end dates stated in month/year, description of duties and salary),
applicable education at a minimum, and your contact information. For current or
previous Federal employees, it should also include the Pay Plan, Series and
Grade for each work experience entry.

A complete Application Package must be submitted and received prior to 11:59,
ET, on the closing date. The following documents are required for your
application package to be complete. Our office cannot be responsible for
incompatible software, illegible fax transmissions, delays in the mail service,
your system failure or downtime, etc. Failure to submit required, legible
documents may result in loss of consideration.

Resume that includes the following information: 1) personal information; 2)
education; 3) work experience including the work schedule and hours worked per
week as well as dates of employment; and title, series and grade if applicable;
4) supervisor's phone number and e-mail address for each work period listed and
whether or not we may contact them for reference checks; and, 5) other
qualifications.
    College Transcripts if education is required for meeting basic
qualifications and/or used as a substitute for specialized experience. An
unofficial copy is sufficient however, if selected; an official college
transcript will be required prior to entering on duty. Education must have been
successfully completed and obtained from an accredited school, college, or
university. Foreign education must be evaluated by an approved organization. For
additional information, refer to the U.S. Department of Education web site at
http://www.ed.gov. All transcripts must be in English or include an English
translation.

Other required documents as applicable: For current Federal employees, please
attach a copy of your most recent SF-50 or agency notification of personnel
action form that provides current position, grade level, and duty location.

Current Career/Career-Conditional: Most recent non-award Notification of
Personnel Action (SF-50 or equivalent) showing that you are in the competitive
service, highest grade (or promotion potential) held on a permanent basis,
federal status, position title, series and grade AND most recently completed
performance appraisal (dated within 18 months) showing the official rating of
record, signed by the supervisor, or a statement as to why the performance
appraisal is unavailable. Do not submit a performance plan.
    CTAP: Certification of Expected Separation, Reduction-In-Force Separation
Notice, Notice of Proposed Removal, or appropriate OPM/Agency certification; AND
most recent performance evaluation; AND SF-50 demonstrating your separation or
the position from which you will be separated.

AGENCY CONTACT INFO:
Cheri Gaudinier
Phone: 859-224-7313
Fax: 859-224-7339
Email: cheri.gaudinier@ky.usda.gov
Agency Information:
USDA Rural Development
771 Corporate Drive; Suite 200
Lexington, KY,
40503
US
Fax: 859-224-7339
WHAT TO EXPECT NEXT:
If you set up your USAJOBS account to send automatic email notifications, you
will receive an email acknowledging: 1) the submission of your online
Occupational Questionnaire and resume was successful,  2) if you were referred
to the selecting official for consideration, and  3) if you were selected or not
selected. If you choose not to set up automatic email notifications, you must
check your USAJOBS account for the latest status of your application. Your
application may be reviewed to verify that you meet the qualifications and
eligibility requirements for the position prior to issuing lists to a selecting
official. If further evaluation or interviews are required, you will be
contacted. Normally, a final job offer to the selected candidate is made within
30-60 days after the issuance of the certificate.

For more information please visit: https://www.usajobs.gov/

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             716 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       News Review Messenger (Australia)

                           January 28, 2009 Wednesday
                                1 - ONE Edition

Bolivar plan gushes with 48k houses

BYLINE: By Jane Tonkin

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 451 words


LIVING SPACE

A BOLD plan to build a housing development five times the size of Mawson Lakes
on the Bolivar Wastewater Treatment Works site is being considered by the State
Government.

The Salisbury Council proposal was handed to Planning SA late last year to be
considered as part of the government's Greater Adelaide Plan, which will provide
strategies to boost the state's population to 2 million by 2050. Salisbury CEO
Stephen Hains said the 48,000 house development was the biggest of a number of
proposals to boost the area's population by about 105,000 to 230,00 within the
next two decades - making it the biggest council in the state and helping to
insulate the region against the global economic downturn.

Mr Hains said if the government was to reach its population target, land for
housing must be located in the northern suburbs without relying solely on
extending into rural areas beyond urban fringes.

The land to the west of Port Wakefield Rd, around the Bolivar treatment plant,
was ideal for housing as it was close to existing schools and relatively well
serviced by major roads and public transport, he said (see breakout).

A plan to build homes for more than 20,000 residents on the Cheetham salt pans
south of Globe Derby Park is also being explored by land owner Ridley Corp and
developers Delfin Lend Lease.

``Salisbury is filling up - for years we have been building around 1000 homes a
year and that is drying up,'' Mr Hains said.

``The remaining green field sites we want to preserve for industry and open
spaces.''

The housing proposal is part of the council's Salisbury City Plan 2020, which
also includes a major northern connector road linking South Rd with the Northern
Expressway, tripling the size of Edinburgh Park to provide 15-20 years worth of
industrial land for the region and an intermodal truck/rail hub to ease
congestion on northern roads.

Mr Hains said the dwellings would ideally be a mix of affordable housing and
high quality residences to accommodate first home-buyers, the growing number of
overseas students enrolled at UniSA's Mawson Lakes campus and interstate and
international skilled professionals recruited to work in the fast-growing
defence and mining industries.

``We are looking for long-term job opportunities and residential
opportunities,'' he said.

``It would lock this city in for growth for many years to come.'' However, he
said none of the plans could come to fruition without the support of the State
Government.

Planning Minister Paul Holloway said the Salisbury submission was being
considered to form part of the goverrment's draft plan for Greater Adelaide.

He said the draft was expected to be release for public consultation in the
coming months.

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MNR


                   Copyright 2009 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             717 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 21, 2014 Wednesday

Nebraska: Economic Development Business Assistance Manager, CommJob Number
07230005, 07230006

LENGTH: 1309  words

DATELINE: Montgomery


The State of Nebraska has issued the following job vacancy:

Economic Development Business Assistance Manager, Community Development
Manager/CRD Deputy Director

This listing closes on 6/11/2014 at 11:59 PM Central Time (US & Canada).
Salary

$22.97 Hourly
Location

Lincoln, NE
Job Type

PERM FULL TIME
Department

Economic Development, Department of
Job Number

07230005, 07230006
Closing date and time

6/11/2014 at 11:59 PM Central Time (US & Canada)

Description
    Benefits

Description

The department is hiring two (2) Economic Development Managers with this job
posting. Each is described throughout as "Economic Development Business
Assistance Manager" and "Community Development Manager/CRD Deputy Director".
Applicants will be considered for both positions with one application in
response to this single job announcement for two openings. (1) Economic
Development Business Assistance Manager: Under administrative direction from
Division Director, manages and coordinates the administration and supervision of
the Economic Development Business Assistance team activities, which includes
federal and state programs; supervises professional staff in the development and
implementation of an Economic Development work plan; and performs related work
and job duties as outlined. (2) Community Development Manager/CRD Deputy
Director: Under administrative direction from Division Director, coordinates the
administration and supervision of the Community Development team activities;
supervises professional staff in the development and implementation of a
Community Development work plan as integrated into the Housing and Urban
Development annual action plan and the five year consolidated plans; serves as
Deputy Director of the Community and Rural Development Divisions; and performs
related work and job duties as outlined.

Examples of Work

Positions may not involve all of the specified duties, nor are the listed
examples exhaustive. Plans, assigns, and directs the work activities of
consultant staff to facilitate the attainment of the unit's work goals to ensure
the consistent application of administrative and program policies, procedures,
and standards. Discusses policies and procedures to provide operational
guidelines for the accomplishment of project assignments and instructs
consultants on how to handle matters when existing policies, procedures, or
guidelines do not cover the situation. Gives and receives information requiring
considerable judgment and authority regarding current and specific business of
the work unit. Reviews proposed projects and determines financial and
programmatic feasibility of the project, including identifying appropriate
sources of financing and the means to access financial resources. Candidates
will be most successful in meeting the position requirements if they have
experience in and knowledge of the administration of the Department's community
development assistance programs. This includes the federal Community Development
Block Grant Program by possessing a detailed working knowledge of the criteria
associated with it and other various community assistance programs administered
by the Department. Candidates will be most successful in meeting the position
requirements if they are organized, accurate with data, possesses good
communication skills (both written and verbal), and will be able to meet
specific, and often challenging, deadlines. Occasional travel in state and out
required. Candidates will be most successful in meeting the position
requirements if they are knowledgeable of Federal and State government loan and
grants programs; Nebraska and its local State governmental operations and
economy; finance principles and practices; the organizational structure,
functions, policies, and standards of the Department. Candidates will be most
successful in meeting the position requirements if they have the ability to
apply community economic development principles; manage program funds and
provide policy and funding recommendations; organize and present facts and
opinions orally and in writing. (1) Economic Development Business Assistance
Manager: Manages and coordinates the Economic Development (ED) Business
Assistance team for the CRD Division of the Department. Supervises professional
staff in the development and coordination of the following projects and
programs: Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) Economic Development
Projects, Revolving Loan Fund, Customized Job Training Program, State Small
Business Credit Initiative, Nebraska Progress Loan Fund, and Site and Building
Development Fund, and other programs as established by the state for
administration by the Department. Administers a portfolio of projects,
including: reviewing documentation, preparing and distributing of Memorandums of
Understanding, contracts and release of funds documents; insuring semi-annual
reports are submitted; reviewing and approving request for funds; and on-site
and desktop monitoring with reports and close out projects. Maintains the work
plan for the CRD/ED Business Assistance team; makes certain all tasks are
assigned to members and monitor performance of staff; and trains new staff in
the policies and procedures of the Department as well as the duties and
responsibilities of their position. (2) Community Development Manager/CRD Deputy
Director: Manages and coordinates the Community Development (CD) team for the
CRD Division of the Department. Supervises professional staff in the
development, design, application review, delivery, training and implementation
of the Community Development Block Grant Program (CDBG) and other programs that
support community development for the state. Coordinates the state's five year
and one year Plans for the Housing and Urban Development (HUD) CDBG program
funds. Manages the compliance review and closeout process for the CDBG Program
and CDBG Disaster Program. Provides technical assistance and serves as a
resource trainer at national, state, regional and local levels for informing
local and state administrators on the implementation of state CDBG Program rules
and practices. Coordinates communication and system problem solving with
contractors for the project development system database tracking the CDBG
program. Coordinates communication and system problem solving for HUD's
Integrated Disbursement and Information System (IDIS). Serves as program
representative for CDBG Community Development grantee projects by: preparing
application guidelines; reviewing and scoring applications annually; and
providing technical assistance to assigned grantees in successful project setup,
implementation, evaluation, reporting and closeout. Coordinates and manages the
CRD internship program. Creates the internship descriptions and postings with
local career services offices; participates in review and interviews of intern
applications; approves intern appointments; assigns interns to supervisors and
conducts training. Coordinates and issues determinations on the CDBG Program
administrative requirements as established by the state. Prepares, amends,
reviews and delivers the administration requirements through training in person,
on line website, and email.

Qualifications / Requirements

REQUIREMENTS:  Bachelors degree in economics, business, public administration,
community or regional planning, marketing or related field AND three years
related experience. Experience in a related field may substitute for education
on a year for year basis.

    PREFERRED: An advanced degree, and having skill sets and experience more
particularly described in the "Examples of Work" section.

Agency
    Nebraska State Government
Phone
    402-471-2075
Website
    http://statejobs.nebraska.gov

Address
    1526 K Street, Suite 100

Lincoln, Nebraska, 68508.

For further information please visit: https://www.governmentjobs.com

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             718 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                  May 16, 1994

New Projects Perk Up Towns in Washington's Upper Peninsula

BYLINE: By GEORGIA STEELE NMN Correspondent

SECTION: REAL ESTATE; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 1126 words

DATELINE: FORKS, Wash.


In a number of Olympic Peninsula towns long dependent on timber, fishing and
tourist industries, new development projects are creating a more diverse and
sustainable economy.

WoodNet, a non-profit, wood-products manufacturing and promotions organization
based in Port Angeles, links wood suppliers with wood manufacturers and
encourages woodworkers to devise new products.

Funded with a $ 294,000 grant by the Northwest Area Foundation, a Minnesota
organization that aims to promote economic revitalization in the Northwest.
WoodNet started up in 1991 to help laidoff timber industry employees find
markets for added-value wood products.

It produced a 44-page catalog of hand-made woodcrafts by Northwest artisans and
helped small-wood product businesses start up and obtain operating tips with
organizational and marketing assistance.  It also applied for state and Federal
grants to help convert the peninsula's economy from an exporter of raw logs to a
maker and marketer of finished wood products and advanced building materials.

Dick Woodward, a developer of manufactured home sites in Clallam Bay and Sekiu,
fought to bring a corrections facility to the upper peninsula.

Mr. Woodward, whose family owned a restaurant, motel and charter service for
sport fishing for many years, could see where the dwindling fish seasons of the
last decade were leading.

Watching a televised protest of expansion of the corrections facility in Monroe,
he recognized an opportunity to bring a non-polluting industry to his town that
would generate jobs and revenue.

The Clallam Bay Corrections Prison has grown from housing 400 to a current 850
close-custody adult male felons and Clallam Bay has profited from its growth.

For its impact on the community, the prison paid for a new playground, baseball
diamond and lighting system for the school and contributed new sidewalks, a
traffic crossing, new day care facility and 60% in direct funding toward a new
library for the town.

Prison staff jobs have added 395 new employees and their families to the area.
In 1992, the prison hired 152 new staff who reside in local communities.  They
have a monthly economic impact of about $ 888,000 and an annual impact of over $
10.6 million in salaried income on communities from Sequim to Neah Bay to Forks.

The increased need for housing prompted Mr. Woodward to develop three
manufactured home sites in Clallam Bay and Sekiu.  Each site has 10 "home
packages," or a manufactured home, foundation and lot, that range in cost from $
72,000 to $ 96,000.  Two sites are completed and not sold out.  He has five
packages left.  The third site is still in progress.

Mr. Woodward uses two local Sequim manufactured home dealers and a Vancouver,
Wash., manufacturer, Fleetwood Homes.  He is financing his enterprise with the
help of FHA and Interwest Bank.

In Neah Bay, 20 miles west of Sekiu, the Makah tribe is developing the old Air
Force Radar Facility into a destination resort.

The tribe brought in Andy and Karen Driscoll to operate and train Macah workers
to eventually take over the converted Air Force complex that includes hotel,
motel, RV hook-ups and cafe: a four-lane bowling alley; gym, racquet ball and
tennis courts; and an outdoor pavilion for salmon bakes, barbecues and picnics.

Mr. Driscoll said the Cape Flattery Resort can accommodate groups of 150 at a
time for conference or retreats and has $ 30,000-$ 40,000 in brookings thus far
for spring and summer.

In July, NOAH will dedicate the new National Marine Sanctuary that will run from
the mouth of the Straits of Juan de Fuca on the northwestern most point of the
continent, around the point and 60 miles down the coast to Kalaloch.

John R. Parker, executive director, Makah Housing Authority, said the tribe also
expects to break ground next spring on a new marina that will support diving and
the harvesting of sea urchins.

Marcia Bingham, assistant vice president and branch manager of First Federal
Savings and Loan in Forks, works in a turn-of-the-century log cabin.  The branch
is a tribute to the loggers and industry that built the town and to the first
thrift institution on the upper Peninsula.

As a resident and lender, she is quick to tell you, that in spite of the timber
and fishing losses, there is development in the community.

In fact, after a decade of struggle, the town expects to open the Forks
Industrial Park this summer, which will house a planing and drying mill
employing 42 fulltime people in $ 10-$ 11 an hour jobs.  The anchor tenant is
PorTac Inc., a Tacoma-based manufacturer of value-added wood products, that has
committed to investing over $ 3 million in the facility.  The drying kiln will
provide wood for secondary timber products such as furniture and advanced
building materials.

Other economic development in the community is sparked by expansion of the
community hospital, the Olympic Clearwater Honor Camp, where youths serving
sentences of less than one year work in forest conservation jobs, the Clallam
Bay Corrections facility and new, affordable multifamily housing projects.

Sandra K. Klint, director of the Forks Economic Development Steering Committee,
said a major concern of Forks and other timber and fishing towns is determining
how retraining and other emergency assistance money will be spent.

"The training may not be applicable to the real needs of the communities.
Financial resources are precious and how they are used should be looked at with
care," she said.

Retraining loggers to be truck drivers might not be as wise an investment as
computer training, telecommunications, landscape management of the forest floor
or technical assistance that encourages start-up businesses, Ms. Klint said.

She added that there's a need in the area for more small loan funds like
Cascadia Revolving Fund.  A non-profit group based in Seattle, Cascadia provides
financing for small businesses around the state, making 50% of its loans in
small rural and distressed communities.

In Forks, Cascadia has made a five-year loan of $ 10,000 to folk artist Dennis
Chastain, whose chainsaw carvings of loggers have drawn recognition throughout
the Northwest.

The loan allowed Mr. Chastain to purchase a three-to-five year supply of cedar
for future carvings; a half acre next to his shop for parking; and to pay for
landscaping and a circular drive that enhanced his studio-shop.

The largest local provider of loans for the Small Business Administration,
Cascadia made $ 24.5 million in loans last year through the SBA 504 program.  It
also made other Peninsula loans, including one to a drug and alcohol treatment
center, another to a project to build low- and moderate-income housing and two
to value-added wood products firms.

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1994 National Thrift News, Inc.


                             719 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                 Hidalgo County Herald (Lordsburg, New Mexico)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               February 15, 2013

Grant funding available for Rural Business Development

BYLINE: Hidalgo County Herald staff

LENGTH: 564  words


USDA Rural Development State Director Terry Brunner announced his agency is now
accepting applications for the Rural Business Enterprise Grant (RBEG) program.

In making the announcement Brunner said, "The RBEG program is one of the most
flexible economic development opportunities offered by USDA Rural Development to
create jobs, something the Obama administration has worked hard to do." He
added, "In the past the RBEG has been used to fund business incubators,
feasibility studies, business plans, and it has financed technical assistance
programs for business development."

The RBEG funding is made available to public bodies, nonprofit organizations,
public and private nonprofit institutions of higher education, and Indian tribes
to facilitate and finance the development of small and emerging private business
enterprises in rural communities and cities up to 50, 000 in population.

The grant funds can be used to finance and facilitate the development of small,
private, business enterprises which is any private business that employs 50 or
fewer new employees and has less than $1 million in projected gross revenues.
The RBEG funds can also be used to pay for technical assistance for such things
as feasibility studies, business plans, business development training, or
workshops. However, by regulation this financial assistance cannot be granted
directly to a private business. The RBEG financing is granted to a non-profit or
a governmental agency that sets up a revolving loan fund and then makes a loan
to a private business.

Applications are selected for funding based on an established competitive
scoring process. Priority will be given to application requests of $50, 000 or
less. Additionally, applications will receive discretionary points for projects
that support the agency and department goals in the following categories:

Renewable energy

Local food systems and value-added agriculture

Support of cooperatives

Business programs in persistent poverty counties (Catron, Cibola, Dona Ana,
Guadalupe, Luna, McKinley, Mora, Rio Arriba, Roosevelt, San Juan, San Miguel,
Socorro, or Taos)

Underserved populations: minority and women-owned businesses

Last fiscal year, USDA Rural Development provided $283, 000 to assist six New
Mexico recipients which included the Southwest Regional Housing and Community
Development Corporation to establish a revolving loan fund to assist micro
businesses in four rural New Mexico counties. RBEG funding was also provided to
the Ramah Navajo School Board, Inc. to complete a feasibility study for the
proposed Cedar Bluff Travel Center and Business Complex.

USDA Rural Development is currently accepting applications for the Rural
Business Enterprise Grants (RBEG) program until close of business, Friday, April
12, 2013.

Information on the RBEG program can be obtained from the Rural Development State
Office in Albuquerque at 505-761-4953 or at:
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/BCP_rbeg.html

USDA Rural Development's mission is to increase economic opportunity and improve
the quality of life for rural residents. Rural Development fosters growth in
homeownership, finances business development, and supports the creation of
critical community and technology infrastructure. Further information on rural
programs is available at any local USDA Rural Development office or by visiting
USDA Rural Development's web site at http://www.rurdev.usda.gov

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HDG

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2013 Hidalgo County Herald


                             720 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                            October 31, 2008 Friday
                                   C1 Edition

Buyers can make sale go smoothly

SECTION: REAL ESTATE; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 405 words


Interest rates are low, housing prices are reasonable and everyone is telling
you that in this buyer's market, now is the time to make your move.

"It's a great time to buy if you're in the market for a home, but before you
start your search there are a few simple steps you can take to help make the
process run smoother," says Ted Szabo, president of the Realtor Association of
NorthWest Chicagoland. "With the tightening financial markets, good credit and
planning are more important than ever."

* Lay the groundwork. Sit down and make a realistic list of the features you
would like in your new home. Need three bedrooms and a fenced-in yard? Move them
to the top of your priority list. Want a house that is move-in ready or one that
is more of a fixer-upper? Take that into consideration too.

* Determine the areas where you might like to live. Consider factors such as
schools, transportation and proximity to recreational facilities and amenities.

* Get your finances in order. Get a copy of your credit report and FICO score
and clean up your credit if necessary. Determine how much home you can afford.
The National Association of Realtors suggests that the principle and interest on
a mortgage not exceed 25 percent of your gross income.

* Line up the money. Figure out how much money you have for a down payment and
whether you might qualify for any special mortgage programs or down payment
assistance programs. Research possible lending options such as Federal Housing
Administration-insured loans. Find a list of state and federal loan programs at
yourillinoishome.com, click on "financing."

* Get preapproved for a mortgage loan so you know what your buying power is and
you can move quickly when you do find your dream house.

* Go online. See what's available in your local market by first searching online
at realtor.com or on the Web sites of individual or local Realtor associations.

* Find a Realtor. A licensed Realtor has the professional resources and
experience to help you with your search, guide you in the selection process and
assist you in negotiating the best deal when you do find the home you want. In
today's challenging market, it pays to have a real estate expert on your side.

* Get a home inspection. An inspection will arm you with information about the
home you want to buy and help you avoid those needing major repairs.

For more information about buying and selling a home, visit
yourillinoishome.com.

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                             721 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                            August 18, 1987, Tuesday

WASTE SITE INQUIRIES UP IN NJ

BYLINE: Journal of Commerce Staff

SECTION: CHEMICALS/PLASTICS, Pg. 9B

LENGTH: 302 words

DATELINE: TRENTON, N.J.


New Jersey's Department of Environmental Protection's Land Information Program
fielded 500 in quiries from potential property buyers last month seeking to
determine whether a hazardous disposal site was near a particular house.

Indeed, Grace Singer only has to follow mortgage rates to learn whether her
staff at the information office will be especially busy. When the rate drops,
more people are looking for homes. And that means more people are contacting the
Land Information Program to learn whether houses are near toxic waste ites.

There are people who will buy a house next to a hazardous waste site and not be
bothered. Then there are people who will not live within five miles of one,"
said Ms. Singer, chief of the DEP's Bureau of Community Relations.

The program started in 1983 when DEP officials noticed that an increasing number
of people were contacting the agency seeking assurances about the environmental
health of properties. It grew from 250 inquiries the first year to about 4,000
in 1986, an increase Ms. Singer attributes to a heightened awareness of
hazardous waste problems.

About 80 percent of the letters and calls come from home-buyers or their
attorneys. The rest come from real estate agents, lending institutions, and even
other government agencies, such as the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban
Development.

In fielding the inquiries, program staff members review maps and data on some
1,000 confirmed and suspected hazardous waste sites in New Jersey.

About 90 percent to 95 percent of the time prospective homeowners learn there is
no known toxic waste problem within a mile of their home or water supply. In the
remaining cases, the department provides information about the possible problems
it is aware of and the status of any cleanup activity.

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1987 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                             722 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 25, 2014 Tuesday

Agriculture, Rural Housing Service: Guaranteed Housing Loan Technician
DEU-KY-2015-0070

LENGTH: 3067  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of Personnel Management has issued the following job announcement:

Job Title:Guaranteed Housing Loan Technician

Department:Department Of Agriculture

Agency:Agriculture, Rural Housing Service

Job Announcement Number:DEU-KY-2015-0070
SALARY RANGE:
 $31,628.00 to $45,828.00 / Per Year
OPEN PERIOD:
 Tuesday, November 25, 2014 to Thursday, December 4, 2014
SERIES & GRADE:
 GS-1101-05/06
POSITION INFORMATION:
 Full-Time - Permanent
PROMOTION POTENTIAL:
06
DUTY LOCATIONS:
 1 vacancy - Lexington, KY View Map
WHO MAY APPLY:
 US Citizens and Nationals; no prior Federal experience is required.
SECURITY CLEARANCE:
 Q - Nonsensitive
SUPERVISORY STATUS:
 No
JOB SUMMARY:

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural Development Agency serves rural
communities throughout the country by investing in their communities through
housing and utility infrastructure, by increasing economic opportunity, and by
improving the quality of life for all rural Americans.  Rural Development
provides over 40 loan and grant programs in the Rural Housing and Community
Facilities Services, Rural Business and Cooperative Services, and Rural
Utilities Service. Rural Development supports a positive work environment and
promotes diversity and inclusion for nearly 5,000 employees.

Rural Development is a dynamic organization recruiting for employees who possess
the energy, compassion, and commitment to serve those in rural communities and
will enjoy working in a fast paced and results driven organization.  Our
commitment is to expand economic opportunity and quality of life in all of rural
America by providing financial programs to support essential public facilities
and services such as water and sewer systems, housing, health clinics, emergency
service facilities and electric and telephone service.  Rural Development offers
a friendly and professional working environment and such excellent benefits as:
a generous salary, alternative work schedules, paid vacation and sick leave,
paid holidays, retirement and supplemental savings plan, a wide array of health,
dental, vision, and life insurance plans, flexible spending accounts, and
long-term care insurance.

This position is being concurrently announced under Merit Promotion procedures
on STHKY-2015-005.  Disabled Veterans, candidates with 3 or more years of active
duty military service, and candidates eligible for special hiring authorities
can apply to the Merit Promotion announcement if they meet criteria for the
above and include supporting documents.

This announcement may be used to filled additional or subsequent vacancies that
are identified by the organization.

TRAVEL REQUIRED

Not Required

RELOCATION AUTHORIZED

No

KEY REQUIREMENTS

US Citizenship is required.
    Selective Service Registration is required for males born after 12/31/1959.
    A 1-year probationary period is required.
    Background investigation and/or fingerprint check is required.

DUTIES:
Back to top

This position is located in the Kentucky State Office Single Family Housing
section.
    The incumbent will be responsible for working with the Guaranteed Housing
program. Incumbent will receive and respond to inquiries from the public,
National Office, Finance Office, and the Centralized Servicing Center personnel
regarding guaranteed housing loan programs and activities.
    Directs customers to appropriate field office if necessary.
    Incumbent screens application forms and all related documentation submitted
by an applicant and lender for RD Single Family Housing guaranteed loans.
    Insures application package is complete and documents submitted are in
accordance with applicable RD Instructions and procedural requirements.
    Reviews financial documents, statements, and records submitted as part of
the application package.
    Maintains a variety of automated systems for loan making and loan servicing
as applicable.

QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED:
Back to top

Applicants must meet all qualification and eligibility requirements by the
closing date of the announcement including the following specialized experience
as identified by the grade level.

For GS-05: Applicants must have 1 year of specialized experience equivalent to
at least the GS-04; or equivalent that demonstrates: Basic loan and/or grant
processing experience such as receiving, screening, reviewing and verifying
documents; maintaining records; compiling information; providing readily
available information orally or by written correspondence; and applying
deadlines OR bachelor's or equivalent degree OR 4 full years of progressively
higher level education leading to such a degree. Equivalent combination of
education and experience are qualifying for this grade level.

For GS-06: Applicants must have 1 year of specialized experience equivalent to
at least the GS-05 that demonstrates: Providing information on mortgage loan
and/or grant programs; accepting and verifying loan and/or grant matters;
maintaining various program reports of loan and/or grant activities; and
ensuring current information is included in the resource database. There is no
substitution of education for experience at the GS-06 level.

NOTE: To be considered for this position, you must meet all qualification and
eligibility requirements for the GS-1101 series set forth in the Office of
Personnel Management (OPM) Qualification Standards by the closing date of the
announcement. A copy is available at:
http://www.opm.gov/qualifications/index.asp


o  May be subject to satisfactory completion of one year probationary or trial
period.
o  Have your salary sent to a financial institution of your choice by Direct
Deposit/Electronic Funds Transfer.
o  If you are newly hired, the documentation you present for purposes of
completing the Department Homeland Security (DHS) Form I-9 on your entry-on-duty
date will be verified through the DHS "E-VERIFY" system. Federal law requires
the use of E-VERIFY to confirm the employment eligibility of all new hires.
Under this system, the new hire is required to resolve any identified
discrepancies as a condition of continued employment.
o  To be eligible for appointment to this position, the new hire must be cleared
to come on board once the results of the fingerprint check, review of the
OF-306, Declaration for Federal Employment, and the candidate's Electronic
Questionnaires for Investigations Processing (eQIP) entries have been reviewed
and determined to be satisfactory.
HOW YOU WILL BE EVALUATED:

The category rating procedure is used to rank and select eligible candidates.
Under category rating, applicants who meet basic minimum qualification
requirements established for the position and whose job related competencies
have been assessed are ranked by being placed in one of the following
categories: Best Qualified, Well Qualified, and Qualified. Preference eligibles
are listed ahead of non-preference eligibles within each category.
    You will be evaluated based on your qualifications for this position as
evidenced by the education, experience, and training you described in your
application package, as well as the responses to the Occupational Questionnaire
to determine the degree to which you possess the knowledge, skills, abilities
and competencies listed below:
        Knowledge of loan and/or grant making and sevicing policies and
procedures.
        Skill in planning, scheduling, and organizing work.
        Knowledge of computer applications.
        Oral Communication.
        Written Communication.
        Office Skills.
    We will review your application, including the online Occupational
Questionnaire, to ensure you meet the job requirements and assess your ability
to perform this job. Before any certificate can be issued to the selecting
official, the resume and supporting documents are reviewed by an HR Specialist
to ensure that (a) minimum qualification requirements are met and (b) the resume
supports the answers provided to the job-specific questions. Your answers will
be verified against information provided in your online resume and application.
Be sure that your resume clearly supports your responses to all the questions
addressing experience and education relevant to this position.
    Veterans' Preference: Preference eligibles will be listed at the top of
their assigned category, before non-preference eligibles in that category.
Preference eligibles who have a compensable service-connected disability of 10
percent or more (CPS, CP) are placed at the top of the Best Qualified category
on the referral list. XP and TP preference eligibles are placed above
non-preference eligibles within their assigned category. For additional
information on entitlement see:
http://www.fedshirevets.gov/job/vetpref/index.aspx.

Note: If, after reviewing your resume and / or supporting documentation, a
determination is made that you have inflated your qualifications and or
experience, your score can / will be lowered to more accurately reflect the
submitted documentation. Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or
omissions may affect your rating. Deliberate attempts to falsify information may
be grounds for not selecting you.

To view the application form, visit:
https://rhs.usda.ntis.gov/cp/?event=jobs.previewApplication&jobid=3598f555-6ff4-
4215-a278-a3e000c12e04

BENEFITS:
Back to top
The Federal Government offers a comprehensive benefits package.  Explore the
major benefits offered to most Federal employees at:
http://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/healthcare/enrollment/new-federal-employ
ee-enrollment/

OTHER INFORMATION:
o  If you are a male applicant born after December 31, 1959, certify that you
have registered with the Selective Service System or are exempt from having to
do so.
o  BACKGROUND INVESTIGATION AND FINGERPRINT CHECK:  Selection and retention in
this position is contingent on a successfully adjudicated FBI National Criminal
History Check (fingerprint check) and a background investigation.
o  Career Transition Assistance Plan(CTAP) or Interagency Career Transition
Assistance Plan (ICTAP):   If you are claiming CTAP/ICTAP eligibility, provide
proof of eligibility to include your most recent performance appraisal, SF-50,
and proof of eligibility such as a RIF separation notice or letter from OPM/your
agency.  CTAP/ICTAP eligibles will be considered well-qualified if achieving a
rating of well-qualified or above.  Information about CTAP/ICTAP eligibility is
on OPM's Career Transition Resources website at
http://www.opm.gov/ctap/index.asp.
o  If you are selected for a position with further promotion potential, you will
be placed under a career development plan, and may be non-competitively promoted
if you successfully complete the requirements and if recommended by management.
However, promotion is neither implied nor guaranteed.
o  Relocation expenses are not authorized.
o  This position is eligible for telework and other flexible work arrangements.
Employee participation is at the discretion of the supervisor.
o  Persons with disabilities who require alternative means for communication of
program information (Braille, large print, audiotape, etc) should contact:
USDA's TARGET Center at 202-720-2600 (voice and TDD).
HOW TO APPLY:
Back to top

Please read the entire announcement and all the instructions before you begin.
The following instructions outline our application process.

You must complete this application process and submit all required documents
electronically by 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time (ET) on the closing date of this
announcement.
    We are available to assist you during business hours (normally 8:00 a.m. -
4:00 p.m., Monday - Friday). Applying online is highly encouraged. If you cannot
apply on-line, call the number listed under Agency Contact Information prior to
the closing date to request a hard copy of the complete application package.
Application packages will be sent to applicant. The completed package along with
any required supporting documents must be received in the HR Office by the
closing date of the announcement. No extension will be granted.
    This agency provides reasonable accommodation to applicants with
disabilities on a case-by-case basis; contact us if you are requesting this.

Step 1: Create a USAJOBS account (if you do not have one) at www.usajobs.gov. It
is recommended that as part of your profile you set up automatic email
notification to be informed when the status of your application changes. If you
choose not to set up this automatic notification, then you will have to log into
your USAJOBS account to check on the status of your application.


Step 2: Create a resume with USAJOBS or upload a resume into your USAJOBS
account. Customize your resume to ensure it documents duties and accomplishments
you have gained that are directly related to this position in order to verify
that qualifications are met. Your resume must support your responses to the
online questionnaire (you may preview the online questionnaire by clicking on
the link at the end of the How You Will Be Evaluated section of the job
announcement).

Step 3: Click "Apply Online" and follow the prompts to complete the Occupational
Questionnaire and attach any additional documents that may be required.
You can update your application or documents anytime while the announcement is
open. Log into your USAJOBS account and click on "Application Status." Click on
the position title, and then select "Update Application" to continue.
NOTE: Verify that uploaded documents from USAJOBs transfer into the Agency's
staffing system. Once in the Agency's staffing system you will have the
opportunity to upload additional documents. Uploaded documents must be less than
3MB and in one of the following document formats: GIF, JPG, JPEG, PNG, RTF, PDF,
or Word (DOC or DOCX).


REQUIRED DOCUMENTS:

You must submit a complete Application Package, prior to 11:59, ET, on the
closing date of this announcement.  The following documents must be submitted
for your application package to be considered complete. It is your
responsibility to ensure all required documents are received within the required
timeframes. Our office cannot be responsible for incompatible software,
illegible fax transmissions, delays in the mail service, system failure or
downtime, etc. Failure to submit required, legible documents may result in loss
of consideration.

Resume that includes the following information: 1) job information for which you
are applying; 2) personal information; 3) education; 4) work experience
including the work schedule and hours worked per week as well as dates of
employment; and title, series and grade if applicable; 5) supervisors phone
number and e-mail address for each work period listed and whether or not we may
contact them for reference checks; and, 6) other qualifications.
    College Transcripts if education is required for meeting basic
qualifications and/or you are substituting education for specialized experience
and/or if you are using education to meet the criteria for the quality category.
An unofficial copy is sufficient with the application; however, if selected, an
official college transcript will be required prior to entering on duty. All
foreign education must be evaluated by an accrediting body recognized by the US
Department of Education.
    DD-214 (Member 4 Copy) if claiming Veterans' Preference. Veterans claiming
10 point preference must also submit a VA Letter and an SF-15 Application for
10-point Veteran Preference.  Current Active Duty members must submit a
certification that they are expected to be discharged or released from active
duty under honorable conditions not later than 120 days after the date the
certification is submitted.
    Other required documents may include:
        CTAP/ICTAP Required Documentation Reduction-In-Force: Certification of
Expected Separation, Reduction-In-Force Separation Notice, or Notice of Proposed
Removal; AND most recent performance evaluation; AND SF-50 demonstrating your
separation or the position you will be separated from.
        Worker's Compensation Separation: Agency certification of inability to
place employee AND Notification of Separation OR Separation SF-50.
        Disability Annuity Termination: Notification from OPM of disability
annuity termination AND Separation SF-50 of the last position held. Military
Reserve or National Guard Technician Special Disability Retirement Annuity under
5 U.S.C. 8337(h) or 8456: Certification of special disability retirement annuity
from a military department or National Guard Bureau AND Separation SF-50 of the
last position held.

NOTE: If a document is resubmitted, it replaces the previous submission, which
means the previous document is no longer available to the Human Resources
Office. If you are adding to, rather than replacing a previous submission, you
must upload both the old document and the new document. Please verify that
documents you are uploading from USAJOBs transfer into the Agency's staffing
system as there is a limitation to the number of documents that can be
transferred. However, once in the Agency's staffing system, you will have the
opportunity to upload additional documents. Uploaded resumes must be less than
3MB and in one of the following document formats: GIF, JPG, JPEG, PNG, RTF, PDF,
or Word (DOC or DOCX).
AGENCY CONTACT INFO:
Tomiko Starling
Phone: 202-692-0392
Fax: XXX-XXX-XXXX
Email: tomiko.starling@wdc.usda.gov
Agency Information:
USDA Rural Development
Please read entire announcement.
Please apply online.,
63120
USA
Fax: XXX-XXX-XXXX
WHAT TO EXPECT NEXT:
If you set up your USAJOBS account to send automatic email notifications, you
will receive an email acknowledging: 1) the submission of your online
Occupational Questionnaire and resume was successful,  2) if you were referred
to the selecting official for consideration, and  3) if you were selected or not
selected. If you choose not to set up automatic email notifications, you must
check your USAJOBS account for the latest status of your application. Your
application may be reviewed to verify that you meet the qualifications and
eligibility requirements for the position prior to issuing lists to a selecting
official. If further evaluation or interviews are required, you will be
contacted. Normally, a final job offer to the selected candidate is made within
30-60 days after the issuance of the certificate.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             723 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         The Evening Standard (London)

                               September 22, 1999

A modern approach;
homes and property

BYLINE: David Spittles

SECTION: Pg. 54

LENGTH: 1199 words



Newlyweds are cautiously trading in city life and moving to semi-rural
developments in suburban areas, says David Spittles IT IS the start to married
life that newlyweds dream of - a brand new house big enough for your family to
grow into, and no mortgage to keep you awake at night.

Alexandra Pagni and Tom Ghrulke will walk down the aisle next month.

The icing on their cake is a £260,000 four-bedroom house in The Parks, a new
development in Romford, bought by Alexandra's parents. In fact, they have
already moved in and are busy decorating and furnishing the house in preparation
for their big day in October.

"We're very lucky," says 27-year-old Alexandra, a writer. "It's a wonderful
house with plenty of space.

We plan to be here for up to five years.

Tom is a student doctor and will probably be based at a hospital in London. The
railway station is a 10-minute walk, so it's convenient. The house is in my
parent's name, but we intend taking out a mortgage when Tom graduates and gets a
job."

Increasingly, affluent or equity-rich parents are forking out large sums to help
their offspring get a foot on the property ladder, according to Laing Homes. "It
has happened at a number of our schemes, often in the quieter, more
family-oriented developments," says a spokesman.

While prices have spiralled in the most sought-after suburbs, houses on the
fringes of London are seen as better value for money than high-priced apartments
in the capital.

For buyers, there is usually a trade-off between commuter links and quality of
life, but developers report growing demand for select homes in semi-rural
settings.

Oakwood Manor near Billericay in Essex falls into this category. It is a
distinctive scheme of 39 houses in a mixture of styles - Georgian, Regency,
Victorian and Edwardian - which developer Alfred McAlpine calls "England in
miniature". There are cottage-style homes as well as large detached houses with
double garages. Prices start at £279,000 and rise to £388,000.

A showhouse is open, as well as a "selection centre", where buyers can choose an
interior design to suit the period of the house. The scheme is about eight miles
from junction 28 on the M25. Call 01277 633273 for more details.

At Cedar Park in Chigwell, Knight Developments has converted a listed mansion
into duplex apartments and is building new coach houses within the six-acre
grounds. Prices range between £265,000 and £410,000. The company is also poised
to launch a development of 42 houses at Oxley Park, near Colchester. Call 01376
573737 for more details.

Small groups of expensive houses on secluded plots tend to be snapped up fast
because of their status value.

But buyers are also growing to like big "lifestyle" developments, the sort of
"new community" housing sprouting up on brownfield sites outside London.

The obvious priority is to design homes to suit their surroundings, and there is
increasing emphasis on the environmental setting. Laing is fond of boasting
about its green credentials, whether protecting wildlife sanctuaries, planting
trees or using eco-friendly materials. Buyers like these features, and such
developments are also more likely to placate the planners.

The Government has introduced a pecking order for new housing: local authorities
are obliged to site new development in town centres first, then on the edges of
towns, and out of town only as a last resort, which means fewer new homes are
being built in attractive country locations - and those that are for sale are
highly sought-after.

More developers are pushing for homes in suburban locations, especially sites
with natural qualities for instance, those bordering woodland or within private
grounds.

Langley Park in Beckenham is one of the largest brownfield housing developments
within the M25, yet the natural surroundings make it a rural retreat. The site
belonged to the Wellcome Foundation; the main building, once a research lab, was
set in parkland with formal landscaped areas, lakes and nature trails.

Laing is building more than 200 homes - apartments and houses, ranging from one
to six bedrooms in Arts and Crafts style, as well as in traditional Kentish
oast-house style.

Ten acres of parkland will be set aside for the exclusive use of residents and
conservation has been a key element. Laing says it is creating lifestyle housing
for singles, couples and families who want to live in an attractive, peaceful
environment (behind electronically operated gates).

VARIOUS house types are available, mostly in the £350,000 to £700,000 price
bracket. One, called The Elliott features a "bonus room" - a self-contained
space in the attic. Big detached houses will sell for £1.25 million; call 0181
658 3743.

Linden Homes reports brisk sales at Caterham-on-the-Hill (a former barracks)
where there is a range of housing types and tenures, amenities and business
premises.

The 57-acre site is sandwiched between the popular commuter town and the green
belt. The barracks date back to 1875, and the first phase of homes is apartments
in the old barrack block, which start at £215,000. A showhouse has just opened,
created by top designer Mary Fox Linton, whose brief was to bring a
"contemporary look to country living".

Residents will use a new bus service that links The Village to Caterham railway
station. The train into Waterloo takes about 40 minutes. For more details, call
01883 343034.

smart moves

BRIGHTON, sometimes called the "unofficial" capital of the south, is young,
lively and cosmopolitan - ripe for the stylish designer homes commonplace in
London.

Earlier this year, the developer Crown Dilmun (which has built in Clerkenwell
and Victoria) tested the waters with Golden Square - a courtyard scheme of 24
mews-style houses, at a cost of between £165,000 to £225,000.

"The modern architecture was a real hit with buyers," according to local estate
agent Fox & Sons. More new schemes are now emerging.

With Brighton's seafront and promenade undergoing regeneration, Berkeley Homes
has just won planning permission for Marine Parade, a striking Art Deco-style
development. There will be 37 apartments, including duplex penthouses, most with
sea views. Construction starts in November, with prices from £150,000. Call
01403 211230.

Deco architecture has returned to fashion, mainly because of the factory
conversion trend in places like Clerkenwell.

Brody House, close to Spitalfields, was once a textile warehouse. It is a
stylish building that has been turned into 31 apartments. A handful remain,
priced from £220,000, and there is still a penthouse with a wraparound balcony
and roof garden for £660,000.

Contact Hamptons International on 0171 831 2298.

Developer Michael Shanly has dabbled with Art Deco architecture and has moved to
an even simpler design style for a scheme on the site of a derelict dairy in
Balham.

A total of 20 houses of up to four bedrooms are under construction, most with
roof gardens or terraces, conservatories and garages.

The scheme has yet to be launched, but prices will start at about £280,000. Call
01494 671331.


LOAD-DATE: September 24, 1999

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Paper

                   Copyright 1999 Associated Newspapers Ltd.


                             724 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 Yorkshire Post

                                January 10, 2002

xxxxxx

SOURCE: Yorkshire Post

LENGTH: 636 words






Planners' objections 'swept aside'

n From Page 1.

-tial number of new houses due to be built in Doncaster between 1986 and 2001
from 14,600 - a figure set by Government guidance - to 20,000.

Mr Wallens said planning officers had listed all their objections to the new
inclusions in the original draft of the UDP but they had been ignored.

He said planners had described the proposal to earmark housing for the Branton
site as being "in conflict with long-standing policies".

He said the final draft version, produced in 1993, had not been written by the
group of officers who had been working on the UDP for four years, but instead by
the then planning director David Ellis. It was approved by the planning
committee in October that year.

Earlier, the court heard that Hughes had sent Lloyds Bank a copy of a letter
from Ellis to his (Hughes's) financial adviser and co-accused Gordon Armitage to
try to stop it taking legal action over a debt of nearly (GBP)350,000.

Mr Farrer said Ellis's letter, written in November 1993, was to the effect that
permission for housing was likely to be granted in the near future on the
Poppyfields site, which was ultimately worth (GBP)2.25m to Hughes.

It has also previously been alleged that Birks pressured Ellis to write "a
comfort letter" to would-be developers David Wilson Homes to suggest the site
was going to be redesignated from countryside to residential.

Hughes owed over (GBP)6m to four financial institutions but deterred recovery
action by three by telling them his financial problems were to be solved by the
money he would receive from the Poppyfields site, the court heard. In addition
to the Lloyds debt he owed (GBP)5.3m in 1992 to Australian bank Westpac after
defaulting on a loan used to buy Woodside Quarry in Horsforth, Leeds. He owed
Skipton Building Society nearly (GBP)160,000 in early 1993 and in mid-1993 he
owed (GBP)281,000 to the UCB Bank.

The court also heard that the decision to grant planning permission for housing
on Poppyfields was a "surprise" to the planning agent Hughes had himself
appointed to put the application to the council.

George Lindley, a retired Doncaster building surveyor and a personal friend of
Hughes, had submitted Hughes's original application in August 1992.

He said it was initially turned down the following month by the planning
committee, who decided it would "cause a serious detriment to the rural
character of the immediate locality".

A second, almost identical, application was quickly submitted, and then amended
to inc-rease the amount of open space.

Mr Lindley's involvement ended soon after but he was still informed later by the
council that permission had been granted.

He said: "I would have thought if the application had any chance it would have
to be by going to the (Government) inspector on an appeal basis.

"I didn't see any reason the application should be approved by purely and simply
increasing the open space area."

The trial continues.



The charges

Alan Hughes, 63, of Bawtry Road, Bessacarr, Doncaster pleads not guilty to three
counts of corruption involving payments made to Dainty, Stockhill and the gift
of a farmhouse to Birks in return for influencing planning applications.

Ray Stockhill, 68, of Cedar Grove, Stainforth, Doncaster pleads not guilty to
corruptly receiving payments from Hughes.

Janet Jones, 36, of Mitchell Close, Dunscroft, Doncaster pleads not guilty to
two charges of aiding and abetting corruption.

John Dainty, 59, of Bank End Road, Blaxton, Doncaster pleads not guilty to
corruptly receiving payments from Hughes.

Peter Birks, 58, of Stockbridge Lane, Bentley, Doncaster pleads not guilty to
corruptly receiving the gift of Stockbridge Farm from Hughes.


LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2002

                       Copyright 2002 Johnston Press Plc


                             725 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 25, 2014 Thursday

Nevada: USDA Announces $59 Million in Loans and Grants to Increase Economic
Opportunity, Support Rural Microenterprise Development

LENGTH: 887  words

DATELINE: Carson City


The State of Nevada has issued the following news release:

USDA Rural Development Acting Under Secretary Doug O'Brien today announced the
selection of 85 utilities and development organizations for loans and grants to
support rural business activities that will boost economic growth in rural
communities.

"These USDA investments capitalize rural small businesses, which allows the
owners to expand operations, enter into new markets and increase hiring,"
O'Brien said. "The investments we are announcing today include financing to
development organizations for microlending to very small rural businesses. Funds
are also being provided to utilities to pass on to local businesses for
development projects. These innovative programs increase economic opportunities
in rural areas - a top priority of Secretary Vilsack and President Obama."

O'Brien announced the rural business investments while in Kentucky with Governor
Steve Beshear, Congressman Hal Rogers, and the executive board of Shaping Our
Appalachian Region (SOAR)This is an external link or third-party site outside of
the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) website. to discuss
investment opportunities in eastern Kentucky, including Promise Zones and
regional SOAR initiatives.

Funds are being provided through the Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant
Program (REDLG) and the Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP). Under
the REDLG program, USDA provides zero-interest loans to local utilities which
then, in turn, relend the funds to local businesses (ultimate recipients) for
projects that will create and retain employment in rural areas. The program
funds business start-up or expansion, business incubators, education and
training facilities and equipment, community development assistance, health care
and other projects that support rural jobs.

Under RMAP, USDA provides loans to Microenterprise Development Organizations
(MDOs) that, in turn, make microloans for business start-up or development to
eligible microentrepreneurs defined as very small businesses with 10 or fewer
employees. Grants are available for MDOs to provide technical assistance and
training, particularly in rural areas experiencing persistent poverty or
significant outmigration. USDA does not directly provide funds to the ultimate
recipients.

The Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program was created under the 2008 Farm
Bill and recently reauthorized through the 2014 Farm Bill.

The Kentucky Highlands Investment Corporation is receiving a $500,000 RMAP loan
to capitalize a revolving loan fund to provide microloans to very small
businesses in 19 counties designated by the Appalachian Regional Commission as
distressed communities. The Kentucky Highlands Investment Corporation is the
lead organization carrying out the state's Promise Zone initiative. Its Promise
Zone work was made possible through the financial support from USDA.

MEDI, Inc., is receiving a $400,000 RMAP loan and $100,000 RMAP grant to serve
as a microlender and technical assistance provider for very small rural
businesses throughout Kentucky.

Since the start of the Obama Administration, Rural Development has invested more
than $4.4 billion in Kentucky. The agency is targeting assistance to persistent
poverty areas in Appalachian Kentucky through the USDA StrikeForce Initiative
for Rural Growth and Opportunity, and will continue its work with Governor
Beshear and his staff, the Kentucky Congressional Delegation, other federal
agencies, SOAR officials and community leaders throughout the region to benefit
rural communities in the impacted areas.

At the national level, the USDA investments are meeting a wide variety of
business and manufacturing needs across rural America. For example, in South
Carolina, the Santee Electric Cooperative is receiving a $1 million Rural
Economic Development loan to support the local "Help My House program," which
makes energy efficiency improvements in the rural areas of Williamsburg,
Georgetown, Clarendon and Florence Counties. The Nodak Electric Cooperative in
North Dakota is receiving a $775,000 Rural Economic Development loan to help S&S
Grain, Inc. purchase and renovate a building in Walhalla, N.D., for grain
drying, handling and storage.

The Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant program directly supports the
Obama Administration's Investing in Manufacturing Communities Partnership (IMCP)
initiative to boost the manufacturing sector and create well-paying
manufacturing jobs, using economic development resources available through
existing Federal programs.

Through today's announcement, USDA is providing over $59 million in loans and
grants to 85 organizations in 31 states, including the District of Columbia, to
strengthen rural businesses and promote economic development. The funding is
contingent upon the recipients meeting the terms of their loan or grant
agreements.

President Obama's historic investments in rural America have made our rural
communities stronger. Under his leadership, these investments in housing,
community facilities, businesses and infrastructure have empowered rural America
to continue leading the way - strengthening America's economy, small towns and
rural communities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.come

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             726 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 25, 2014 Thursday

Nevada: USDA Announces $59 Million in Loans and Grants to Increase Economic
Opportunity, Support Rural Microenterprise Development

LENGTH: 887  words

DATELINE: Carson City


The State of Nevada has issued the following news release:

USDA Rural Development Acting Under Secretary Doug O'Brien today announced the
selection of 85 utilities and development organizations for loans and grants to
support rural business activities that will boost economic growth in rural
communities.

"These USDA investments capitalize rural small businesses, which allows the
owners to expand operations, enter into new markets and increase hiring,"
O'Brien said. "The investments we are announcing today include financing to
development organizations for microlending to very small rural businesses. Funds
are also being provided to utilities to pass on to local businesses for
development projects. These innovative programs increase economic opportunities
in rural areas - a top priority of Secretary Vilsack and President Obama."

O'Brien announced the rural business investments while in Kentucky with Governor
Steve Beshear, Congressman Hal Rogers, and the executive board of Shaping Our
Appalachian Region (SOAR)This is an external link or third-party site outside of
the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) website. to discuss
investment opportunities in eastern Kentucky, including Promise Zones and
regional SOAR initiatives.

Funds are being provided through the Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant
Program (REDLG) and the Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP). Under
the REDLG program, USDA provides zero-interest loans to local utilities which
then, in turn, relend the funds to local businesses (ultimate recipients) for
projects that will create and retain employment in rural areas. The program
funds business start-up or expansion, business incubators, education and
training facilities and equipment, community development assistance, health care
and other projects that support rural jobs.

Under RMAP, USDA provides loans to Microenterprise Development Organizations
(MDOs) that, in turn, make microloans for business start-up or development to
eligible microentrepreneurs defined as very small businesses with 10 or fewer
employees. Grants are available for MDOs to provide technical assistance and
training, particularly in rural areas experiencing persistent poverty or
significant outmigration. USDA does not directly provide funds to the ultimate
recipients.

The Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program was created under the 2008 Farm
Bill and recently reauthorized through the 2014 Farm Bill.

The Kentucky Highlands Investment Corporation is receiving a $500,000 RMAP loan
to capitalize a revolving loan fund to provide microloans to very small
businesses in 19 counties designated by the Appalachian Regional Commission as
distressed communities. The Kentucky Highlands Investment Corporation is the
lead organization carrying out the state's Promise Zone initiative. Its Promise
Zone work was made possible through the financial support from USDA.

MEDI, Inc., is receiving a $400,000 RMAP loan and $100,000 RMAP grant to serve
as a microlender and technical assistance provider for very small rural
businesses throughout Kentucky.

Since the start of the Obama Administration, Rural Development has invested more
than $4.4 billion in Kentucky. The agency is targeting assistance to persistent
poverty areas in Appalachian Kentucky through the USDA StrikeForce Initiative
for Rural Growth and Opportunity, and will continue its work with Governor
Beshear and his staff, the Kentucky Congressional Delegation, other federal
agencies, SOAR officials and community leaders throughout the region to benefit
rural communities in the impacted areas.

At the national level, the USDA investments are meeting a wide variety of
business and manufacturing needs across rural America. For example, in South
Carolina, the Santee Electric Cooperative is receiving a $1 million Rural
Economic Development loan to support the local "Help My House program," which
makes energy efficiency improvements in the rural areas of Williamsburg,
Georgetown, Clarendon and Florence Counties. The Nodak Electric Cooperative in
North Dakota is receiving a $775,000 Rural Economic Development loan to help S&S
Grain, Inc. purchase and renovate a building in Walhalla, N.D., for grain
drying, handling and storage.

The Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant program directly supports the
Obama Administration's Investing in Manufacturing Communities Partnership (IMCP)
initiative to boost the manufacturing sector and create well-paying
manufacturing jobs, using economic development resources available through
existing Federal programs.

Through today's announcement, USDA is providing over $59 million in loans and
grants to 85 organizations in 31 states, including the District of Columbia, to
strengthen rural businesses and promote economic development. The funding is
contingent upon the recipients meeting the terms of their loan or grant
agreements.

President Obama's historic investments in rural America have made our rural
communities stronger. Under his leadership, these investments in housing,
community facilities, businesses and infrastructure have empowered rural America
to continue leading the way - strengthening America's economy, small towns and
rural communities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.come

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             727 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 25, 2014 Thursday

Nevada: USDA Announces $59 Million in Loans and Grants to Increase Economic
Opportunity, Support Rural Microenterprise Development

LENGTH: 887  words

DATELINE: Carson City


The State of Nevada has issued the following news release:

USDA Rural Development Acting Under Secretary Doug O'Brien today announced the
selection of 85 utilities and development organizations for loans and grants to
support rural business activities that will boost economic growth in rural
communities.

"These USDA investments capitalize rural small businesses, which allows the
owners to expand operations, enter into new markets and increase hiring,"
O'Brien said. "The investments we are announcing today include financing to
development organizations for microlending to very small rural businesses. Funds
are also being provided to utilities to pass on to local businesses for
development projects. These innovative programs increase economic opportunities
in rural areas - a top priority of Secretary Vilsack and President Obama."

O'Brien announced the rural business investments while in Kentucky with Governor
Steve Beshear, Congressman Hal Rogers, and the executive board of Shaping Our
Appalachian Region (SOAR)This is an external link or third-party site outside of
the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) website. to discuss
investment opportunities in eastern Kentucky, including Promise Zones and
regional SOAR initiatives.

Funds are being provided through the Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant
Program (REDLG) and the Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP). Under
the REDLG program, USDA provides zero-interest loans to local utilities which
then, in turn, relend the funds to local businesses (ultimate recipients) for
projects that will create and retain employment in rural areas. The program
funds business start-up or expansion, business incubators, education and
training facilities and equipment, community development assistance, health care
and other projects that support rural jobs.

Under RMAP, USDA provides loans to Microenterprise Development Organizations
(MDOs) that, in turn, make microloans for business start-up or development to
eligible microentrepreneurs defined as very small businesses with 10 or fewer
employees. Grants are available for MDOs to provide technical assistance and
training, particularly in rural areas experiencing persistent poverty or
significant outmigration. USDA does not directly provide funds to the ultimate
recipients.

The Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program was created under the 2008 Farm
Bill and recently reauthorized through the 2014 Farm Bill.

The Kentucky Highlands Investment Corporation is receiving a $500,000 RMAP loan
to capitalize a revolving loan fund to provide microloans to very small
businesses in 19 counties designated by the Appalachian Regional Commission as
distressed communities. The Kentucky Highlands Investment Corporation is the
lead organization carrying out the state's Promise Zone initiative. Its Promise
Zone work was made possible through the financial support from USDA.

MEDI, Inc., is receiving a $400,000 RMAP loan and $100,000 RMAP grant to serve
as a microlender and technical assistance provider for very small rural
businesses throughout Kentucky.

Since the start of the Obama Administration, Rural Development has invested more
than $4.4 billion in Kentucky. The agency is targeting assistance to persistent
poverty areas in Appalachian Kentucky through the USDA StrikeForce Initiative
for Rural Growth and Opportunity, and will continue its work with Governor
Beshear and his staff, the Kentucky Congressional Delegation, other federal
agencies, SOAR officials and community leaders throughout the region to benefit
rural communities in the impacted areas.

At the national level, the USDA investments are meeting a wide variety of
business and manufacturing needs across rural America. For example, in South
Carolina, the Santee Electric Cooperative is receiving a $1 million Rural
Economic Development loan to support the local "Help My House program," which
makes energy efficiency improvements in the rural areas of Williamsburg,
Georgetown, Clarendon and Florence Counties. The Nodak Electric Cooperative in
North Dakota is receiving a $775,000 Rural Economic Development loan to help S&S
Grain, Inc. purchase and renovate a building in Walhalla, N.D., for grain
drying, handling and storage.

The Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant program directly supports the
Obama Administration's Investing in Manufacturing Communities Partnership (IMCP)
initiative to boost the manufacturing sector and create well-paying
manufacturing jobs, using economic development resources available through
existing Federal programs.

Through today's announcement, USDA is providing over $59 million in loans and
grants to 85 organizations in 31 states, including the District of Columbia, to
strengthen rural businesses and promote economic development. The funding is
contingent upon the recipients meeting the terms of their loan or grant
agreements.

President Obama's historic investments in rural America have made our rural
communities stronger. Under his leadership, these investments in housing,
community facilities, businesses and infrastructure have empowered rural America
to continue leading the way - strengthening America's economy, small towns and
rural communities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.come

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             728 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 29, 2014 Thursday

Agriculture, Rural Housing Service: Area Technician (Single-Family Housing)
TN2014-4760

LENGTH: 3580  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of Personnel Management has issued the following job announcement:

Job Title:Area Technician (Single-Family Housing)

Department:Department Of Agriculture

Agency:Agriculture, Rural Housing Service

Job Announcement Number:TN2014-4760
SALARY RANGE:
 $35,256.00 to $50,932.00 / Per Year
OPEN PERIOD:
 Thursday, May 29, 2014 to Friday, June 06, 2014
SERIES & GRADE:
 GS-1101-06/07
POSITION INFORMATION:
 Full-Time - Permanent
PROMOTION POTENTIAL:
07
DUTY LOCATIONS:
 1 vacancy - Jackson, TN View Map
WHO MAY APPLY:
 Current permanent Federal employees with competitive status, reinstatement
eligibles, persons with disabilities, VEOA/VRA eligibles, certain military
spouses, 30% or more disabled veterans, former Peace Corps or VISTA volunteers,
CTAP/ICTAP eligibles, Farm Service Agency permanent county employees and those
eligible for other Special Hiring Authorities.
SECURITY CLEARANCE:
 Other
SUPERVISORY STATUS:
 No
JOB SUMMARY:

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural Development Agency serves rural
communities throughout the country by investing in their communities through
housing and utility infrastructure, by increasing economic opportunity, and by
improving the quality of life for all rural Americans.  Rural Development
provides over 40 loan and grant programs in the Rural Housing and Community
Facilities Services, Rural Business and Cooperative Services, and Rural
Utilities Service. Rural Development supports a positive work environment and
promotes diversity and inclusion for nearly 5,000 employees.

Rural Development is a dynamic organization recruiting for employees who possess
the energy, compassion, and commitment to serve those in rural communities and
will enjoy working in a fast paced and results driven organization.  Our
commitment is to expand economic opportunity and quality of life in all of rural
America by providing financial programs to support essential public facilities
and services such as water and sewer systems, housing, health clinics, emergency
service facilities and electric and telephone service.  Rural Development offers
a friendly and professional working environment and such excellent benefits as:
a generous salary, alternative work schedules, paid vacation and sick leave,
paid holidays, retirement and supplemental savings plan, a wide array of health,
dental, vision, and life insurance plans, flexible spending accounts, and
long-term care insurance.

This position is located in the Rural Development office in Jackson, TN.  The
incumbent of the position provides technical assistance to the Area Director and
Area Specialists in administering the Single Family Housing programs in the
assigned area.
TRAVEL REQUIRED

Occasional Travel
    Occasional travel from 1-5 days a month.

RELOCATION AUTHORIZED

No

KEY REQUIREMENTS

US Citizenship is required.
    Selective Service Registration is required for males born after 12/31/1959.

    Must meet qualification requirements by the announcement closing date.
    Must meet Time-In-Grade by the announcement closing date.
    A one-year probationary period is required for new appointees.
    As a condition of employment, a background investigation is required.
    Required to use a government issued charge card for official travel.
    Relocation expenses will not be paid.
    Current/former Federal employees must submit most recent rating of record.
    Current/former Federal employees must submit most recent (non-award) SF-50.

DUTIES:
Back to top

Informs loan applicants and other persons or groups of eligibility requirements,
financial information needed, investigations to be conducted, and information to
be provided by the applicant. Meets with applicants to review their financial
situation. Performs a basic financial analysis of Rural Housing applications,
identifying obvious credit risk factors (e.g., source and stability of income,
high debt load, proposed building site not in applicants name, etc.). Provides
the specialist with an analysis regarding the eligibility of the borrower or
applicant. Formally recommends approval or denial of Rural Housing loans.
Prepares loan closing documents. Provides loan closing instructions to attorneys
and requests title searches. Makes the preliminary review of title opinion and
obtains additional information as necessary in cases where title is not clear
due to existing liens or other restrictions. Follows up to insure that funds
have been properly dispersed. Inputs loan closing information in automated
system. Processes new payment assistance agreements. Meets with applicants to
obtain required information and makes formal recommendation for approval and
disapproval for assistance by the approval official. Prepares related documents.
Inspects property to ensure eligibility of property in meeting the Rural
Development requirements for modest and suitable housing. Services the less
complex loans independently and the more complex loans with the Area Specialist
in coordination with Rural Development Centralized Service Center servicing
actions. Conducts meetings with borrowers and completes subsequent servicing
required as requested by the Centralized Service Center. Maintains an updated
list of all property in inventory that reflects the current status of
acquisition and/or repairs in process. Upon acquisition of property, completes
inspection and prepares bid specifications for routine repairs. Notifies
realtors when property is ready to sell. Serves as agency representative and
contact for applicants, brokers, and borrowers in sales of acquired properties.

QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED:
Back to top

Applicants must meet all qualification and eligibility requirements for the
GS-1101 series set forth in the OPM Qualifications Standards by the closing date
of the announcement. A copy is available at:
http://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/classification-qualifications/general-s
chedule-qualification-standards/#url=Group-Standards.

At the GS-6 level: One (1) year of specialized experience equivalent to at least
the next lower grade (GS-5) in the Federal service. Education may not be
substituted for experience. Specialized experience includes, but is not limited
to: providing technical information on loan programs available; working with
legal instruments and documents related to lending, such as mortgages, deeds,
titles, liens, promissory notes and contractual obligations; processing loan
payments, debt collection, or other similar work; verifying and screening loan
applications; preparing correspondence and memos on routine loan matters;
maintaining various reports of loan/grant activity; ensuring current information
is included in appropriate databases, etc.

At the GS-7 level: One (1) year of specialized experience equivalent to at least
the next lower grade (GS-6) in the Federal service. Education may not be
substituted for experience. Specialized experience includes, but is not limited
to: answering technical inquiries related to lending from various entities such
as lenders, investors, businesses, attorneys, accountants, real estate agents,
etc., including advising customers of lending services available from other
Federal, state or local programs. Other types of qualifying experience may
include review of financial documents insuring compliance with loan agreements
and legal descriptions, securing and remarketing inventory properties; preparing
and processing non-contractual program vouchers, or other types of more complex
loan making or servicing experience.


o  To be eligible for appointment to this position, the new hire must be cleared
to come on board once the results of the fingerprint check, review of the
OF-306, Declaration for Federal Employment, and the candidate's Electronic
Questionnaires for Investigations Processing (eQIP) entries have been reviewed
and determined to be satisfactory.  This position requires a favorable credit
check as part of the background investigation.
o  If you are newly hired, the documentation you present for purposes of
completing the Department Homeland Security (DHS) Form I-9 on your entry-on-duty
date will be verified through the DHS "E-VERIFY" system. Federal law requires
the use of E-VERIFY to confirm the employment eligibility of all new hires.
Under this system, the new hire is required to resolve any identified
discrepancies as a condition of continued employment.
o  Selectee must be able to obtain and maintain a security clearance. If
selected you may be subject to a National Agency Check and Inquiry (NACI) and a
credit report inquiry.
o  Required to have your salary sent to a financial institution of your choice
by Direct Deposit/Electronic Funds Transfer.
HOW YOU WILL BE EVALUATED:

You will be evaluated based on your qualifications for this position as
evidenced by the education, experience, and training you described in your
application package, as well as the responses to the Occupational Questionnaire
to determine the degree to which you possess the knowledge, skills, abilities
and competencies listed below:

Knowledge of loan and/or grant making and servicing policies and procedures
        Skill in planning, scheduling, and organizing work
        Knowledge of computer applications
        Oral communication
        Written communication
        Office skills

We will review your application, including the online Occupational
Questionnaire, to ensure you meet the job requirements and assess your ability
to perform this job. Before any certificate can be issued to the selecting
official, the resume and supporting documents are reviewed by an HR Specialist
to ensure that (a) minimum qualification requirements are met and (b) the resume
supports the answers provided to the job-specific questions. Your answers will
be verified against information provided in your online resume and application.
Be sure that your resume clearly supports your responses to all the questions
addressing experience and education relevant to this position.

Applicants who meet the basic minimum qualification requirements and are
determined to be among the best qualified candidates will be referred to the
hiring manager for consideration. Non-Competitive candidates need to meet
minimum qualification requirements to be referred.

Note: If, after reviewing your resume and /or supporting documentation, a
determination is made that you have inflated your qualifications and or
experience, your score can/will be lowered to more accurately reflect the
submitted documentation. Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or
omissions may affect your rating. Deliberate attempts to falsify information may
be grounds for not selecting you.

To view the application form, visit:
https://rhs.usda.ntis.gov/cp/?event=jobs.previewApplication&jobid=5d03561c-5dff-
4340-96dc-a33300f221c7

BENEFITS:
Back to top
The Federal Government offers a comprehensive benefits package.  Explore the
major benefits offered to most Federal employees at:
http://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/healthcare/enrollment/new-federal-employ
ee-enrollment/

OTHER INFORMATION:
o  If you are a male applicant born after December 31, 1959, certify that you
have registered with the Selective Service System or are exempt from having to
do so.
o  BACKGROUND INVESTIGATION AND FINGERPRINT CHECK:  Selection and retention in
this position is contingent on a successfully adjudicated FBI National Criminal
History Check (fingerprint check) and a background investigation.
o  Career Transition Assistance Plan(CTAP) or Interagency Career Transition
Assistance Plan (ICTAP):   If you are claiming CTAP/ICTAP eligibility, provide
proof of eligibility to include your most recent performance appraisal, SF-50,
and proof of eligibility such as a RIF separation notice or letter from OPM/your
agency.  CTAP/ICTAP eligibles will be considered well-qualified if achieving a
rating of __ or above.  Information about CTAP/ICTAP eligibility is on OPM's
Career Transition Resources website at http://www.opm.gov/ctap/index.asp.
o  If you are selected for a position with further promotion potential, you will
be placed under a career development plan, and may be non-competitively promoted
if you successfully complete the requirements and if recommended by management.
However, promotion is neither implied nor guaranteed.
o  Persons with disabilities who require alternative means for communication of
program information (Braille, large print, audiotape, etc) should contact:
USDA's TARGET Center at 202-720-2600 (voice and TDD).
o  This position is eligible for telework and other flexible work arrangements.
Employee participation is at the discretion of the supervisor.
HOW TO APPLY:
Back to top

Please read the entire announcement and all the instructions before you begin.
The following instructions outline our application process.

You must complete this application process and submit all required documents
electronically by 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time (ET) on the closing date of this
announcement.
    We are available to assist you during business hours (normally 8:00 a.m. -
4:00 p.m., Monday - Friday). Applying online is highly encouraged. If applying
online poses a hardship, please contact our office during business hours well
before the closing date for an alternate method. All hardship application
packages with supporting documents must be submitted no later than noon on the
closing date of the announcement in order to be entered into the system prior to
its closing.
    This agency provides reasonable accommodation to applicants with
disabilities on a case-by-case basis; contact us if you are requesting this.

Step 1: Create a USAJOBS account (if you do not have one) at www.usajobs.gov. It
is recommended that as part of your profile you set up automatic email
notification to be informed when the status of your application changes. If you
choose not to set up this automatic notification, then you will have to log into
your USAJOBS account to check on the status of your application.

Step 2: Create a resume with USAJOBS or upload a resume into your USAJOBS
account. Customize your resume to ensure it documents duties and accomplishments
you have gained that are directly related to this position in order to verify
that qualifications are met. Your resume must support your responses to the
online questionnaire (you may preview the online questionnaire by clicking on
the link at the end of the How You Will Be Evaluated section of the job
announcement).

Step 3: Click "Apply Online" and follow the prompts to complete the Occupational
Questionnaire and attach any additional documents that may be required.

You can update your application or documents anytime while the announcement is
open. Log into your USAJOBS account and click on "Application Status." Click on
the position title, and then select "Update Application" to continue.


NOTE: Verify that uploaded documents from USAJOBs transfer into the Agency's
staffing system. Once in the Agency's staffing system you will have the
opportunity to upload additional documents. Uploaded documents must be less than
3MB and in one of the following document formats: GIF, JPG, JPEG, PNG, RTF, PDF,
or Word (DOC or DOCX).


REQUIRED DOCUMENTS:

If you are a veteran claiming Veterans' Preference, please attach your DD-214
"Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty," showing all dates of
service, receipt of medals and campaign badges, as well as character of service
(Honorable, General, etc.). The member 4 copy of your DD-214, "Certificate of
Release or Discharge from Active Duty," is preferable.
    When applying for Federal Jobs, eligible veterans should claim preference on
their application or resume. Applicants claiming 10-point preference must
complete Standard Form (SF) 15, "Application for 10-Point Veteran Preference",
and submit the requested documentation.
    For a disabled veteran, you must submit a Department of Veterans Affairs
(DVA) letter on DVA letterhead that states your overall combined
service-connected disability rating.

A complete Application Package must be submitted and received prior to 11:59,
ET, on the closing date. The following documents are required for your
application package to be complete. Our office cannot be responsible for
incompatible software, illegible fax transmissions, delays in the mail service,
your system failure or downtime, etc. Failure to submit required, legible
documents may result in loss of consideration.

Resume that includes the following information: 1) personal information; 2)
education; 3) work experience including the work schedule and hours worked per
week as well as dates of employment; and title, series and grade if applicable;
4) supervisor's phone number and e-mail address for each work period listed and
whether or not we may contact them for reference checks; and, 5) other
qualifications.
    Current/Former Career/Career-Conditional: Most recent non-award Notification
of Personnel Action (SF-50 or equivalent) showing that you are/were in the
competitive service, highest grade (or promotion potential) held on a permanent
basis, federal status, position title, series and grade AND most recently
completed performance appraisal (dated within 18 months) showing the official
rating of record, signed by the supervisor, or a statement as to why the
performance appraisal is unavailable. Do not submit a performance plan.
    Veteran Hiring Authorities: (VEOA, VRA, and 30% Disabled Veterans): DD-214
(Member 4 Copy). Disabled veterans must include your VA letter & SF-15 if
claiming 10 pt. preference. Current active duty members must submit a
certification that they are expected to be discharged or released from active
duty under honorable conditions not later than 120 days after the date the
certification is submitted.
    Schedule A, Persons with Disabilities: Schedule A letter from a physician,
local, state or federal rehabilitation office citing eligibility under 5 CFR
213.3102 (u).
    Certain Military Spouses under E.O. 13473: Verification of the marriage to
the service member (i.e., a marriage license or other legal documentation
verifying marriage), plus Permanent Change of Station: PCS orders issued within
the last 2 years, that: lists you as authorized to accompany the military member
to the new duty permanent station; the specific location; and the effective date
of the PCS OR Military disability of 100%: verification of the member's release
or discharge due to 100% disability (DD-214 and VA Letter) OR Death while
serving on active duty: 1) Verification of release or discharge due to death
(DD-214). 2) Verification of the member's death (DD-1300 and Death Certificate.
3) Statement certifying they are un-remarried widow or widower of the service
member.
    Foreign Service: Most recent Foreign Service Notification of Personnel
Action, showing that you were/are serving under an unlimited, career-type
appointment AND have completed at least 1 year of continuous service without a
break of a workday under one or more nontemporary Foreign Service appointments.

    CTAP/ICTAP: Certification of Expected Separation, Reduction-In-Force
Separation Notice, Notice of Proposed Removal, or appropriate OPM/Agency
certification; AND most recent performance evaluation; AND SF-50 demonstrating
your separation or the position from which you will be separated.
    Peace Corps/VISTA Volunteers: Documentation of no less than 24 months (Peace
Corps) or 1 year (VISTA) of continuous service and separated within 1 year of
completing the qualifying service.
    Peace Corps Staff: Documentation of no less than 36 months of continuous
service without a break in service of 3 days or more and separated within the 3
years of completing the qualifying service.
    Certain Family Members under E.O. 12721: Most recent non-award SF-50 and
performance appraisal.
    Interchange Agreement with Other Merit Systems: Documentation of eligibility
as listed in interchange agreement.
    Miscellaneous Authorities Not Regulated by the Office of Personnel
Management: (Postal Career Service Employees, Postal Service Commission
Employees, GAO, US Courts, etc.), Current Notification of Personnel Action (or
equivalent) that reflects your eligibility.
    Other Special Hiring Authorities: If you are claiming eligibility under a
Special Hiring Authority, you must submit supporting documents.

AGENCY CONTACT INFO:
Diane Owens
Phone: 615-783-1318
Fax: 615-783-1394
Email: diane.owens@tn.usda.gov
Agency Information:
USDA/Rural Development
3322 West End Avenue, Suite 300
Nashville, TN,
37203
USA
Fax: 615-783-1394
WHAT TO EXPECT NEXT:
If you set up your USAJOBS account to send automatic email notifications, you
will receive an email acknowledging: 1) the submission of your online
Occupational Questionnaire and resume was successful,  2) if you were referred
to the selecting official for consideration, and  3) if you were selected or not
selected. If you choose not to set up automatic email notifications, you must
check your USAJOBS account for the latest status of your application. Your
application may be reviewed to verify that you meet the qualifications and
eligibility requirements for the position prior to issuing lists to a selecting
official. If further evaluation or interviews are required, you will be
contacted. Normally, a final job offer to the selected candidate is made within
30-60 days after the issuance of the certificate.

For more information please visit: https://www.usajobs.gov/

LOAD-DATE: May 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             729 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

               July 15, 1997, Tuesday, 0 South Pinellas Edition
                              Correction Appended

City loan supports project for Lyons

BYLINE: ADAM C. SMITH

SECTION: CITY & STATE; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 983 words

DATELINE: ST. PETERSBURG



It would be among the biggest projects the Rev. Henry J. Lyons had undertaken
in St. Petersburg: turning a dilapidated former restaurant site into a  120-unit
elderly housing development, complete with convenience store, beauty  salon and
day-care center.

But until Mayor David Fischer stepped in last fall to prod staffers to  approve
a $ 300,000 city loan for the project at 2401 34th Street S, the  non-profit
development corporation led by Lyons was struggling to get off the  ground.

City staffers reviewing the proposal called it "highly likely for  failure," but
they approved it, city records show, at Fischer's  recommendation.

"I don't force anything on anyone, but if I see a project where there's a
benefit beyond purely financial, I say, "Let's see if there's a way to make it
work,' " Fischer said.

Lyons' Bethel Village project offers many social benefits, Fischer said,  and
risks are often necessary to promote economic development in minority
neighborhoods.

The city's loan enabled Bethel Adult Care Inc., of which Lyons is  president, in
December to buy 2.36 acres just east of Lyons' church, Bethel  Metropolitan
Baptist. If the project fails, the city could foreclose upon the  property,
which housed the Sand Dollar Restaurant.

The loan is the latest and largest financial connection between the city  and
Lyons, whose finances have come under scrutiny after several revelations  last
week. Lyons' wife, Deborah, was arrested July 6 and charged with arson  and
burglary. She is accused of setting fires in a $ 700,000 waterfront home in
Tierra Verde that she said she discovered was owned by Lyons and another  woman.

Lyons, who heads the 8.5-million member National Baptist Convention USA,  has
been involved in non-profit and for-profit ventures, but the last time the  city
funded a corporation involving him, the effort turned out poorly.

In 1993, the city issued three housing rehabilitation loans, totalling  nearly $
135,000 to a non-profit corporation called Cooperative Housing for  Urban and
Rural Community Homes, or CHURCH Inc. The corporation used the money  to buy
deteriorated homes, rehabilitate them and sell them to low- or  moderate-income
residents participating in one of the city's home ownership  programs.

But in two of the three cases - 4665 17th Avenue S and 4700 16th Avenue S -  the
renovated homes sat vacant for years. In October, CHURCH directors deeded  the
properties to the city to avoid foreclosure.

One of the witnesses listed on those legal documents, is Bree Jones, a name
used by Bernice V. Edwards, the woman who co-owns Lyons' Tierra Verde house.

City officials are trying to sell the two CHURCH Inc. properties.

If the asking prices are met for both, the city would receive $ 74,000 on
properties for which they lent more than $ 84,000 in 1993.

The money involved in the CHURCH Inc. and Bethel Adult Care loans are  federal
housing dollars aimed largely at projects that will benefit low- and
moderate-income residents.   Federal guidelines presume that some untested
private non-profits will fail.  Part of the reason cities issue such loans is
because they are often too risky  for conventional banks.

But federal dollars are scarce, and demand for those dollars is high. Every
year, city leaders reject millions of dollars worth of requests from  non-profit
groups.

Fischer, who had Lyons' endorsement during his recent reelection campaign,  said
he expects the city will take many more risks in coming months as it  tries to
spur economic development in the inner city. Bethel Village stands to  be a
great addition to the community, he said.

Housing coordinator Tom de Yampert said that when he another another  staffer
recommended against the Bethel Village loan, they were looking solely  at the
financial projections, not at other benefits from the proposal.

"The Bethel transaction had a whole lot of social impact - 35 jobs,  two-thirds
of which were full-time, and two-thirds of those associated with  health care,"
de Yampert said.

Besides, he added, the elements of the financial structure that concerned  the
city at the time have been revised.

The effect of Lyons' current problems on Bethel Village is unclear. Early
summaries of the project indicate that Lyons' prominence in the community was
expected to be part of the draw for elderly and frail residents.

Neither Lyons nor his attorney could be reached for comment Monday. One of  the
directors of Bethel Adult Care, Ashby Hobson of Tierra Verde, declined to
comment on the project's status.

As recently as last week, though, Hobson told the Pinellas Housing Finance
Authority he was awaiting word on a loan through the U.S. Department of  Housing
and Urban Development. Bethel Adult Care also hopes to finance the  project
through a tax-exempt bond issued through the authority.

The developers had planned to start construction on the first $ 5-million,
84-bed phase in March,  but the time frame now is unclear. If construction is
not under way by Dec. 31, the city could foreclose on the 2.36 acres for which
it lent $ 300,000.

That parcel is part of a 5-acre tract that has been for sale for years and  is
appraised on county tax rolls at $ 398,000.

It had been owned by former state Sen. Mary Grizzle, who holds the $ 200,000
mortgage on the part of the property that fronts on 34th Street S. Grizzle  said
Monday that Bethel Adult Care is up to date on its interest payments.

City officials issued their $ 300,000 loan without obtaining an appraisal on
the property, de Yampert said, because they felt comfortable with two other
appraisals.

One, from HUD, put its value at $ 302,000, while a professional appraisal  for
Bethel Adult Care put its value at $ 190,000.  - Staff writer Mike Wilson
contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: CITY & STATE; METRO & STATE; TAMPA & STATE

CORRECTION-DATE: July 16, 1997

CORRECTION:
 A professional appraisal last year on 2.36 acres purchased by Bethel Adult Care
Inc., a non-profit group headed by the Rev. Henry J. Lyons, valued the land at $
290,000. A story Tuesday about the city of St. Petersburg loaning $ 300,000 to
Lyons' group gave the wrong appraisal figure for the land, located at 34th
Street S and 24th Avenue.

GRAPHIC: COLOR PHOTO; BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO, KATHLEEN CABBLE; BLACK AND WHITE
PHOTO, PENNY De Los SANTOS; BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO; COLOR MAP; BLACK AND WHITE
MAP; Henry J. Lyons (ran CITY & STATE, METRO & STATE) ; This artist's rendering
shows plans to build the new adult living facility on 2.36 acres just east
Bethel Metropolitan Baptist. (ran CITY & STATE, METRO & STATE); Among the
property owned by the Rev. Henry J. Lyons is this cleared parcel at 34th Street
S and 24th Avenue in St. Petersburg.; Henry J. Lyons (ran TAMPA & STATE);
locates the Sand Dollar property in St. Petersburg (ran CITY & STATE, METRO &
STATE); locates the Sand Dollar property in St. Petersburg (ran TAMPA & STATE)

                    Copyright 1997 Times Publishing Company


                             730 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         Portola Reporter (California)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 June 20, 2012

Groups partner to support summer programs

BYLINE: The Portola Reporter staff

LENGTH: 441  words


An AmeriCorps National Civilian Community Corps (NCCC) team has joined Sierra
Nevada Journeys (SNJ) to support its summer education programs at the Grizzly
Creek Ranch.

The team of nine NCCC members is serving there for seven weeks, providing SNJ
with all-around support. The team assists with camp maintenance and expansion,
making education and connection to the natural world possible for visiting youth
this summer and throughout the year. Besides improving the site of Grizzly Creek
Ranch, the team offers men-torship and help with the educational programming.

The aim of Sierra Nevada Journeys is to provide community groups and youth of
all economic backgrounds with life-changing experiences. Through positive
risk-taking and experimental leadership, as well as science and outdoor
education, SNJ provides just such opportunities at its Grizzly Creek Ranch
Campus.

Team member Kirsten Martin says, "I'm incredibly excited to be surrounded by a
camp that is environmentally focused, and to spread that knowledge to the
youth."

AmeriCorps NCCC is a national full-time residential service program in which
1,200 young adults serve nationwide each year. During their 10-month term, corps
members -- all 18 to 24 years old -- work on teams of eight to 12 on projects
that address critical needs related to natural and other disasters,
infrastructure improvement, environmental stewardship and conservation, energy
conservation, and urban and rural development.

In exchange for their service, Corps members receive $5,550 to help pay for
college, or to pay back existing student loans. Other benefits include a small
living stipend, room and board, leadership development, increased
self-confidence and the knowledge that, through active citizenship, people can
indeed make a difference.

Members work on a series of different projects, typically lasting six to eight
weeks each, to mentor students, construct and rehabilitate low-income housing,
respond to natural disasters, clean up streams, help communities develop
emergency plans and address countless other local needs.

AmeriCorps NCCC is administered by the Corporation for National and Community
Service. The corporation improves lives, strengthens communities and fosters
civic engagement through service and volunteering. For more information about
AmeriCorps NCCC, visit americorps.gov/nccc.

The Pacific Region campus in Sacramento is one of five regional hubs in the
United States and serves 10 states in the western part of the country, as well
as territories of Guam and American Samoa. The other campuses are located in
Denver, Colo.; Vicks-burg, Miss.; Perry Point, Md.; and Vinton, Iowa.

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Education

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: POR

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2012 Portola Reporter


                             731 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Times (Kigali)

                                 March 18, 2016

Estate Developers Urged to Invest in Affordable Housing

BYLINE: Jean D'Amour Mbonyinshuti

LENGTH: 495 words


Estate developers have been called on to work with banks to secure necessary
funding to put up affordable housing units and infrastructure, and partaking in
development of secondary cities.

Alex Kanyankore, the chief executive of the Development Bank of Rwanda (BRD),
made the remarks Wednesday during inauguration of newly-constructed estates in
Musanze District.

The housing units were constructed by Pearl Estates, in collaboration with BRD.

Kanyankore urged other local investors to emulate such a model in the country's
infrastructure development, saying affordable housing is one of the bank's areas
of intervention and BRD was willing to offer loans to people with convincing
projects.

The inaugurated 14 housing units, constructed at the tune of more than Rwf400
million, are located in Ruhengeri Cell, Muhoza Sector.

The investors said more units will be constructed in the near future at a site
designated for more than 100 units in Gacaca Sector on the outskirts of Musanze
town.

Kanyankore hailed the company for designing a good business plan to secure the
loan, adding that other investors should also venture into affordable houses and
infrastructure in general.

"This is a huge investment to boost affordable houses in secondary cities, the
project was well received and we offered the loan as affordable housing is one
of our main areas of intervention," he said.

He said, while the cost of housing is still high, it could go down with more
investors joining real estate development.

"We encourage investors to build more housing units so that the cost per unit
can go down. We also encourage banks to offer mortgage to investors and
negotiate possible ways of offering lower interest on long-term payment," he
said.

The Pearl Estates head, Bishop John Rucyahana, said the decision to construct a
model village with affordable housing units is aimed at helping fast-track
development in secondary cities.

"We have been experiencing [rural] urban migration, this is a business to
generate income but also we want to respond to the government's plan to develop
secondary cities. This is designed to develop our province and Musanze District
as one of the secondary cities," he said.

"It is time we invested more in infrastructure as some people used to spend a
life-time without owning a house. Now that banks are willing to partner with us,
we are committed to building more affordable housing units," Rucyahana added.

He said the housing units to be constructed in Gacaca Sector will be of two,
three and four bedrooms to make them affordable for people in various
categories.

Deogratias Kabagambe, the Northern Province executive secretary, welcomed the
development, saying it will not only help people own houses but also change the
image of Musanze city.

He said the houses are in line with the district master plan and urged more
people to invest in infrastructure development as one of the pillars of the
second Economic Development and Poverty Reduction Strategy.

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             732 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 26, 2014 Friday

Washington: USDA Announces $59 Million in Loans and Grants to Increase Economic
Opportunity, Support Rural Microenterprise Development

LENGTH: 892  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Agriculture, The Government of USA has issued the following
news release:

USDA Rural Development Acting Under Secretary Doug O'Brien today announced the
selection of 85 utilities and development organizations for loans and grants to
support rural business activities that will boost economic growth in rural
communities.

"These USDA investments capitalize rural small businesses, which allows the
owners to expand operations, enter into new markets and increase hiring,"
O'Brien said. "The investments we are announcing today include financing to
development organizations for microlending to very small rural businesses. Funds
are also being provided to utilities to pass on to local businesses for
development projects. These innovative programs increase economic opportunities
in rural areas - a top priority of Secretary Vilsack and President Obama."

O'Brien announced the rural business investments while in Kentucky with Governor
Steve Beshear, Congressman Hal Rogers, and the executive board of Shaping Our
Appalachian Region (SOAR)This is an external link or third-party site outside of
the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) website. to discuss
investment opportunities in eastern Kentucky, including Promise Zones and
regional SOAR initiatives.

Funds are being provided through the Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant
Program (REDLG) and the Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP). Under
the REDLG program, USDA provides zero-interest loans to local utilities which
then, in turn, relend the funds to local businesses (ultimate recipients) for
projects that will create and retain employment in rural areas. The program
funds business start-up or expansion, business incubators, education and
training facilities and equipment, community development assistance, health care
and other projects that support rural jobs.

Under RMAP, USDA provides loans to Microenterprise Development Organizations
(MDOs) that, in turn, make microloans for business start-up or development to
eligible microentrepreneurs defined as very small businesses with 10 or fewer
employees. Grants are available for MDOs to provide technical assistance and
training, particularly in rural areas experiencing persistent poverty or
significant outmigration. USDA does not directly provide funds to the ultimate
recipients.

The Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program was created under the 2008 Farm
Bill and recently reauthorized through the 2014 Farm Bill.

The Kentucky Highlands Investment Corporation is receiving a $500,000 RMAP loan
to capitalize a revolving loan fund to provide microloans to very small
businesses in 19 counties designated by the Appalachian Regional Commission as
distressed communities. The Kentucky Highlands Investment Corporation is the
lead organization carrying out the state's Promise Zone initiative. Its Promise
Zone work was made possible through the financial support from USDA.

MEDI, Inc., is receiving a $400,000 RMAP loan and $100,000 RMAP grant to serve
as a microlender and technical assistance provider for very small rural
businesses throughout Kentucky.

Since the start of the Obama Administration, Rural Development has invested more
than $4.4 billion in Kentucky. The agency is targeting assistance to persistent
poverty areas in Appalachian Kentucky through the USDA StrikeForce Initiative
for Rural Growth and Opportunity, and will continue its work with Governor
Beshear and his staff, the Kentucky Congressional Delegation, other federal
agencies, SOAR officials and community leaders throughout the region to benefit
rural communities in the impacted areas.

At the national level, the USDA investments are meeting a wide variety of
business and manufacturing needs across rural America. For example, in South
Carolina, the Santee Electric Cooperative is receiving a $1 million Rural
Economic Development loan to support the local "Help My House program," which
makes energy efficiency improvements in the rural areas of Williamsburg,
Georgetown, Clarendon and Florence Counties. The Nodak Electric Cooperative in
North Dakota is receiving a $775,000 Rural Economic Development loan to help S&S
Grain, Inc. purchase and renovate a building in Walhalla, N.D., for grain
drying, handling and storage.

The Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant program directly supports the
Obama Administration's Investing in Manufacturing Communities Partnership (IMCP)
initiative to boost the manufacturing sector and create well-paying
manufacturing jobs, using economic development resources available through
existing Federal programs.

Through today's announcement, USDA is providing over $59 million in loans and
grants to 85 organizations in 31 states, including the District of Columbia, to
strengthen rural businesses and promote economic development. The funding is
contingent upon the recipients meeting the terms of their loan or grant
agreements.

President Obama's historic investments in rural America have made our rural
communities stronger. Under his leadership, these investments in housing,
community facilities, businesses and infrastructure have empowered rural America
to continue leading the way - strengthening America's economy, small towns and
rural communities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             733 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           Business Times (Singapore)

Property becomes the main earnings engine for SBS

                                 April 1, 1997

Christopher Tan


TRANSPORT-BASED Singapore Bus Service has every reason to be proud of its 1996
performance, in which a maiden contribution from its first property project
yielded close to $ 30 million in pre-tax profit.

The boost, from its King Albert Park homes, was sizeable enough to offset a
one-third plunge in transport earnings to bring the group's bottom line close to
the previous year's level. This was in spite of $ 8 million in additional taxes.

Investors holding SBS shares must be smiling to themselves now. For the
better-than-expected results followed a series of other encouraging news about
the company. Most of these pertained to property and were behind the spikes in
the stock's movement in recent weeks.

Factory units: They included a plan with Technology Parks and Lend Lease Asia to
build and sell terraced and semi-detached factory units on a 130,000 sq m site
it secured in Tuas. Then there is the 30 per cent venture with Jurong Town Corp
and the Lend Lease Group to develop a 240-hectare industrial estate in Java.

More exciting is a deal with Keppel Land to develop an en bloc site in Avenue
Park, located in the prime Sixth Avenue belt. The freehold site can accommodate
about 140 1,500 sq ft apartments.

With these projects lined up, the potential for SBS to become a major property
player is there. But how profitable its ventures will be is another matter. The
fact that the group cut its teeth in the King Albert Park project is not totally
convincing because the site was a former bus depot, and hence had negligible
land cost.

Not so with its Garlick Avenue plot. It forked out $ 141 million for the
99-year-leasehold land, which will have six semi-detached houses and 141
cluster-houses with "full facilities". Based on estimates of development charges
it would have to foot, and an uncertain response to cluster-housing, analysts
are saying SBS would only "break even" on the project.

And the fact that it is a 99-year property means it might face competition from
executive condo projects. Also, conditions on the property market are far from
what they used to be and are unlikely to improve much in the short term.

Nevertheless, SBS, like any other cash-rich group in a similar situation, has
immense holding power. The Avenue Park site, for instance, may not be
redeveloped immediately. In the meantime, it is expected to collect rental from
existing tenants, though.

For the current year, however, SBS will continue to see an enviable flow of
revenue from King Albert Park. Its project in London, Waterdale Manor, is also
likely to contribute. They are expected to yield more than $ 30 million in
pre-tax profit.

New acquisitions: After 1997, a number of newer projects including the ones
mentioned above and a few new acquisitions yet to be announced would be in place
and should sustain property earnings, which SBS has come to rely on.

Bus operations, even with a possible fare adjustment this year, will contribute
only modestly. The rising cost of labour and equipment will continue to eat into
profit. There is also the competition from rail-based systems, but here there is
consolation in that SBS is itself venturing into the competitor's turf as well.

With diminishing returns from bus operations and increasing contributions from
other divisions -including a surprisingly profitable taxi subsidiary -one
wonders whether Singapore Bus Service should undergo a name change. Or even seek
a separate listing for its non-bus businesses.

SECTION: Companies & Markets; Hock Lock Siew; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 760 words

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1997 Times Business Publications


                             734 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 26, 2016 Wednesday

North Carolina: Governor McCrory Announces Nearly $2.6 Million in Infrastructure
Funding

LENGTH: 1297 words

DATELINE: New York



 Raleigh: The Department of Commerce, North Carolina has issued the following
news release:



 Governor Pat McCrory announced today that the North Carolina Rural
Infrastructure Authority (RIA) approved 10 grant and loan requests totaling
$2,565,689. The requests include commitments to create a total of 200 new jobs.





 "One of the top priorities of my administration is connecting North Carolinians
to better roads and infrastructure by ensuring that every community has the
building blocks for economic development and job creation," said Governor
McCrory. "These loans and grants will enable our smaller towns and counties to
better focus on business and job growth."



 Authority members review and approve funding requests for grant and loan
programs. The programs are operated by the Rural Economic Development team at
the North Carolina Department of Commerce, which is led by Secretary John E.
Skvarla, III, and Assistant Secretary Dr. Patricia Mitchell. Grants support
infrastructure development, building renovation and site improvements.



 Since its creation by Governor McCrory and the North Carolina General Assembly
in 2013, the Authority has approved nearly $120 million in awards.



 The RIA approved one request under the state's Industrial Development Fund -
Utility Account program.



 City of Claremont (Catawba County): A $28,189 grant to augment an existing
grant of $120,975 that assists businesses in the Claremont Industrial Park with
sewer system improvements for long-term growth. The project opens development
and job-creation opportunities for the entire 22-acre industrial site.



 The Industrial Development Fund - Utility Account provides grants to units of
local government for 80 counties in the state considered Tier 1 or Tier 2. Funds
may be used for publicly-owned infrastructure projects that are reasonably
expected to result in the creation of new jobs. IDF - Utility Account funding is
derived from set-asides of Job Development Investment Grants (JDIG) awarded in
Tier 2 and Tier 3 counties.



 The RIA approved one loan under the state's Community Development Block Grant
(CDBG) - Economic Development program:



 City of Thomasville (Davidson County): A $200,000 loan to support the reuse of
a vacant building accommodating a 10-job expansion by Whitewood Industries. The
Thomasville-based company, a distributor of ready-to-finish furniture, has been
in business for 34 years. The building was constructed in 1970 and has been
vacant for the past year. Funds will be used to improve roofing, lighting and
plumbing, and re-pave the parking lot. The loan will support a total capital
investment of $1.5 million.



 The Community Development Block Grant program is a U.S. Department of Housing
and Urban Development (HUD) program administered in part by North Carolina
Commerce. CDBG's economic development funds provide grants to local governments
for creating and retaining jobs. Project funding is based on the number of jobs
to be created and the level of economic distress of applicant communities.
The RIA approved eight grants under the state's Building Reuse program:



 Existing Business Building Category



 Town of Mocksville (Davie County): A $100,000 building reuse grant that will
facilitate a 10-job expansion at REEB Millwork. The company custom-manufactures
and distributes millwork products such as doors, columns and stairs across the
eastern United States. Renovations include lighting and dock doors among other
items. The building was constructed in 1980. The grant is part of a total
capital investment of $320,451.



 Granville County: A $500,000 grant to support a building addition in Creedmoor
that will facilitate a 50-job expansion by Altec Industries. The company
provides equipment and services to customers in the utility, telecommunications
and other industries. Altec will add 8,000 sq. ft. to the building, which was
constructed in 1984. The grant is part of a total capital investment of $16.7
million.



 Halifax County: A $200,000 grant for renovating three buildings in Weldon to
facilitate a 20-job expansion at Meherrin River Forest Products. The
Virginia-based company manufactures hardwood lumber. The buildings were
constructed in 1950. Renovations include roofing, mechanical systems and
interior configuration. The grant is part of a total capital investment of more
than $2 million.



 Robeson County: A $500,000 building renovation grant in Pembroke that will
facilitate a 50-job expansion by Trinity Frozen Foods. The company manufactures
frozen sweet-potato fries for domestic and foreign markets. The building was
constructed in 1998. Renovations will include electrical, plumbing and concrete
work. The grant is part of a total capital investment of more than $5.5 million.




 Robeson County: A $500,000 grant to support the renovation of a building in St.
Pauls that will facilitate a 50-job expansion by Watts Water Technology. The
company provides plumbing, heating and water quality solutions for residential,
industrial, commercial and governmental customers. The building was constructed
in 1974. Renovations will include flooring, HVAC and interior configuration. The
grant is part of a total capital investment of more than $3.7 million.



 Vacant Building Category



 Montgomery County: A $50,000 grant for the reuse of a vacant building in
Biscoe. Tractor Supply Company will lease the building and create five jobs. The
building was constructed in 1990 and has been vacant for seven months.
Renovations include electrical, plumbing and HVAC. The grant is part of a total
capital investment of $834,951.



 Wilson County: A $462,500 grant to support the reuse of a vacant building in
Wilson by Peak Demand. The company, which designs and manufactures electrical
transmission systems, is adding 37 jobs to its existing workforce. The building
was constructed in 1970 and has been vacant for five months. Renovations include
HVAC, electrical, flooring and fire-protection systems. The grant is part of a
total capital investment of more than $3 million.



 Town of Columbia (Tyrrell County): A $25,000 reuse grant of a vacant building
by Waypoint Oyster Bar. The start-up company, a full-service restaurant and
caterer specializing in local seafood, will create five jobs. The building was
constructed in 1932 and has been vacant four months. Renovations include
flooring, plumbing and HVAC. The grant is part of a total capital investment of
$699,511.



 The Building Reuse Program provides grants to local governments to renovate
vacant buildings, renovate and/or expand buildings occupied by existing North
Carolina companies, and renovate, expand or construct health care facilities
that will lead to the creation of new jobs in Tier 1 and Tier 2 counties and in
rural Census tracts of Tier 3 counties.



 In addition to reviewing and approving funding requests, the N.C. Rural
Infrastructure Authority formulates policies and priorities for grant and loan
programs administered by NC Commerce's Rural Economic Development team. Its 15
voting members are appointed by the Governor, Speaker of the House and Senate
President Pro Tem. The North Carolina Secretary of Commerce serves as a
non-voting member of the Authority. "The availability of modern infrastructure
and ready-to-go buildings is necessary for restoring North Carolina's
white-picket-fence communities," said Commerce Secretary Skvarla."Working
alongside the NC Commerce team, the Rural Infrastructure Authority partners with
the state's less populated communities in creating jobs, growing businesses and
attracting economic investment."





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com





LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             735 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 26, 2016 Wednesday

North Carolina: Governor McCrory Announces Nearly $2.6 Million in Infrastructure
Funding

LENGTH: 1297 words

DATELINE: New York



 Raleigh: The Department of Commerce, North Carolina has issued the following
news release:



 Governor Pat McCrory announced today that the North Carolina Rural
Infrastructure Authority (RIA) approved 10 grant and loan requests totaling
$2,565,689. The requests include commitments to create a total of 200 new jobs.





 "One of the top priorities of my administration is connecting North Carolinians
to better roads and infrastructure by ensuring that every community has the
building blocks for economic development and job creation," said Governor
McCrory. "These loans and grants will enable our smaller towns and counties to
better focus on business and job growth."



 Authority members review and approve funding requests for grant and loan
programs. The programs are operated by the Rural Economic Development team at
the North Carolina Department of Commerce, which is led by Secretary John E.
Skvarla, III, and Assistant Secretary Dr. Patricia Mitchell. Grants support
infrastructure development, building renovation and site improvements.



 Since its creation by Governor McCrory and the North Carolina General Assembly
in 2013, the Authority has approved nearly $120 million in awards.



 The RIA approved one request under the state's Industrial Development Fund -
Utility Account program.



 City of Claremont (Catawba County): A $28,189 grant to augment an existing
grant of $120,975 that assists businesses in the Claremont Industrial Park with
sewer system improvements for long-term growth. The project opens development
and job-creation opportunities for the entire 22-acre industrial site.



 The Industrial Development Fund - Utility Account provides grants to units of
local government for 80 counties in the state considered Tier 1 or Tier 2. Funds
may be used for publicly-owned infrastructure projects that are reasonably
expected to result in the creation of new jobs. IDF - Utility Account funding is
derived from set-asides of Job Development Investment Grants (JDIG) awarded in
Tier 2 and Tier 3 counties.



 The RIA approved one loan under the state's Community Development Block Grant
(CDBG) - Economic Development program:



 City of Thomasville (Davidson County): A $200,000 loan to support the reuse of
a vacant building accommodating a 10-job expansion by Whitewood Industries. The
Thomasville-based company, a distributor of ready-to-finish furniture, has been
in business for 34 years. The building was constructed in 1970 and has been
vacant for the past year. Funds will be used to improve roofing, lighting and
plumbing, and re-pave the parking lot. The loan will support a total capital
investment of $1.5 million.



 The Community Development Block Grant program is a U.S. Department of Housing
and Urban Development (HUD) program administered in part by North Carolina
Commerce. CDBG's economic development funds provide grants to local governments
for creating and retaining jobs. Project funding is based on the number of jobs
to be created and the level of economic distress of applicant communities.
The RIA approved eight grants under the state's Building Reuse program:



 Existing Business Building Category



 Town of Mocksville (Davie County): A $100,000 building reuse grant that will
facilitate a 10-job expansion at REEB Millwork. The company custom-manufactures
and distributes millwork products such as doors, columns and stairs across the
eastern United States. Renovations include lighting and dock doors among other
items. The building was constructed in 1980. The grant is part of a total
capital investment of $320,451.



 Granville County: A $500,000 grant to support a building addition in Creedmoor
that will facilitate a 50-job expansion by Altec Industries. The company
provides equipment and services to customers in the utility, telecommunications
and other industries. Altec will add 8,000 sq. ft. to the building, which was
constructed in 1984. The grant is part of a total capital investment of $16.7
million.



 Halifax County: A $200,000 grant for renovating three buildings in Weldon to
facilitate a 20-job expansion at Meherrin River Forest Products. The
Virginia-based company manufactures hardwood lumber. The buildings were
constructed in 1950. Renovations include roofing, mechanical systems and
interior configuration. The grant is part of a total capital investment of more
than $2 million.



 Robeson County: A $500,000 building renovation grant in Pembroke that will
facilitate a 50-job expansion by Trinity Frozen Foods. The company manufactures
frozen sweet-potato fries for domestic and foreign markets. The building was
constructed in 1998. Renovations will include electrical, plumbing and concrete
work. The grant is part of a total capital investment of more than $5.5 million.




 Robeson County: A $500,000 grant to support the renovation of a building in St.
Pauls that will facilitate a 50-job expansion by Watts Water Technology. The
company provides plumbing, heating and water quality solutions for residential,
industrial, commercial and governmental customers. The building was constructed
in 1974. Renovations will include flooring, HVAC and interior configuration. The
grant is part of a total capital investment of more than $3.7 million.



 Vacant Building Category



 Montgomery County: A $50,000 grant for the reuse of a vacant building in
Biscoe. Tractor Supply Company will lease the building and create five jobs. The
building was constructed in 1990 and has been vacant for seven months.
Renovations include electrical, plumbing and HVAC. The grant is part of a total
capital investment of $834,951.



 Wilson County: A $462,500 grant to support the reuse of a vacant building in
Wilson by Peak Demand. The company, which designs and manufactures electrical
transmission systems, is adding 37 jobs to its existing workforce. The building
was constructed in 1970 and has been vacant for five months. Renovations include
HVAC, electrical, flooring and fire-protection systems. The grant is part of a
total capital investment of more than $3 million.



 Town of Columbia (Tyrrell County): A $25,000 reuse grant of a vacant building
by Waypoint Oyster Bar. The start-up company, a full-service restaurant and
caterer specializing in local seafood, will create five jobs. The building was
constructed in 1932 and has been vacant four months. Renovations include
flooring, plumbing and HVAC. The grant is part of a total capital investment of
$699,511.



 The Building Reuse Program provides grants to local governments to renovate
vacant buildings, renovate and/or expand buildings occupied by existing North
Carolina companies, and renovate, expand or construct health care facilities
that will lead to the creation of new jobs in Tier 1 and Tier 2 counties and in
rural Census tracts of Tier 3 counties.



 In addition to reviewing and approving funding requests, the N.C. Rural
Infrastructure Authority formulates policies and priorities for grant and loan
programs administered by NC Commerce's Rural Economic Development team. Its 15
voting members are appointed by the Governor, Speaker of the House and Senate
President Pro Tem. The North Carolina Secretary of Commerce serves as a
non-voting member of the Authority. "The availability of modern infrastructure
and ready-to-go buildings is necessary for restoring North Carolina's
white-picket-fence communities," said Commerce Secretary Skvarla."Working
alongside the NC Commerce team, the Rural Infrastructure Authority partners with
the state's less populated communities in creating jobs, growing businesses and
attracting economic investment."





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com





LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             736 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                              July 30, 2007 Monday

Land loan is cross between a mortgage, personal loan

BYLINE: Jeffrey R. Kosnett Kiplinger's Personal Finance

LENGTH: 430 words


When Bill Killmer purchased a tract of land for about $2,700 an acre, he
financed it by making a tax-deferred exchange for other land he owned close to
Atlanta. Buyers of rural property who own other real estate investments often
use such so-called 1031 exchanges to delay paying capital-gains taxes. Other
buyers may pay cash.

If you borrow, know that a land loan is a cross between a mortgage, which is
secured by the property, and a personal loan, which has more stringent terms
than a mortgage. Figure on putting 25 percent to 30 percent down, with a loan
term of 10 to 20 years. Interest rates were recently about 8 percent.

Your best sources of credit are local commercial banks and farmers' cooperative
banks. Even as lenders tighten credit for suburban housing lots and condos,
they're eager to finance recreational properties, especially within three hours
of a major city, because they are gaining value. Steer clear of so-called land-
loan specialists, which are finance companies, not banks, and charge
double-digit interest rates.

If you're buying land for personal use, the interest is not deductible. If
you're buying it as an investment, the interest is considered investment
interest, like the margin interest on stock purchases. That makes it deductible
to the extent that you report taxable investment income, but the deduction does
not shelter capital gains and qualified dividends. To get a more useful
deduction to offset the cost of the land, finance part of the purchase with a
home-equity loan. Interest on up to $100,000 in home-equity debt is deductible.

While you're waiting for your acreage to appreciate, it'll be yours to enjoy.
But there will be expenses. Most rural land for sale lacks accommodations other
than maybe a rude cabin, so you may want to build a house. Figure on paying $700
to $1,000 an acre to clear land for a pasture or a building site. You'll need a
well and a septic system. Roads suitable for vehicles that don't have four-wheel
drive can cost thousands of dollars.

Without a house on the property, taxes should be low. Land is generally taxed
based on its current use, so taxes on timberland may set you back as little as
$2 per acre per year.

The more improvements you make, the more valuable the underlying land will be.
But don't expect to cash out quickly. It takes an average of about six months to
sell 500 acres, and it may take as long as two years. Still, it's comforting to
know that land is one investment that won't crater on news of an unexpected
earnings shortfall or the madness of crowds entering trades on computers.

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2007 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                             737 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    BBC Monitoring Asia Pacific - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                            August 14, 2012 Tuesday

Chinese officials deny report of expensive reconstruction plans for ancient city

LENGTH: 434 words


Text of report in English by official Chinese news agency Xinhua (New China News
Agency)

Zhengzhou, Aug. 14: Officials have denied rumours that extravagant sums are to
be spent on restoring a central Chinese city established over 1,000 years ago.

Controversy has been sparked over claims that the government of Kaifeng, in
Henan province, is planning to spend 100 billion yuan (15.77 billion U.S.
dollars) to rebuild the ancient city.

Kaifeng, with the ancient name of "Bianjing," acted as the capital for several
dynasties.

The so-called "rebuilding Bianjing" project has sparked an outcry at Sina Weibo,
a popular microblogging service in China.

Some bloggers have accused the municipal government of intending to use the work
to build up its own political credentials while disregarding their duty to
conserve and improve locals' living conditions.

Others say reconstruction of the ancient scenic spots is aimed at removing the
shanty towns from the city, and relocation of the residents might be neglected.

The annual financial income of Kaifeng is only about 500 million yuan, the 13th
highest of the province's 18 cities. Should the ancient city be rebuilt, the
government would have to borrow heavily.

However, the Kaifeng government clarified on Monday [13 August] that it only
aims to remold the shanty towns to improve people's living conditions.

Most of the buildings in the areas in question were built in the 1950s and
1960s. Residents there have been suffering from a lack of running water, heating
or sanitation facilities for several decades.

"Shanty towns have been a tough challenge for Kaifeng for a long time. The
government has put in place an office to resolve the problem," said Kong
Xiangcheng, deputy director of the city's Housing and Urban-rural Development
Bureau.

Kong said the shanty town renovation scheme includes the relocation of local
residents and construction of new houses and infrastructure.

About 80,000 families living in the shanty towns would benefit from the
renovation project, according to the official, who added that ancient historic
sites will be preserved during the renovation.

"As a city with multiple historic sites, we will try our best to keep the
original style of the ancient city during our reconstruction," Kong said. "We
have already earmarked 86 sites for protection within the area."

Kong also explained that the Kaifeng government will follow national regulations
concerning shanty town renovation, and raise money through financial aid, bank
loans, self-financing and other means.

Source: Xinhua news agency, Beijing, in English 1223gmt 14 Aug 12

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2012 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             738 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Daily Journal of Commerce (Portland, OR)

                            March 28, 2013 Thursday

Apartment projects not always easy in small Oregon cities

BYLINE: Lee Fehrenbacher

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1041  words


Pendleton, about 210 miles due east of Portland, has grown slowly over the past
125 years. The city of 17,000 or so swells by approximately 70,000 each
September during the weeklong Pendleton Round-up, but it otherwise is sheltered
from booms and busts.

Recently, officials took steps to accelerate growth. But they encountered a
problem.

"A few years back, the city did an urban growth boundary expansion to bring in
industrial properties, and brought some new roads in," said Tim Simmons, the
city's community development director. "Companies though have found that they
don't have a real sizable workforce, and when they looked into that, the people
said we can't find housing. "

Pendleton isn't alone. While multifamily construction is booming in Portland,
rural communities in Oregon are struggling to do likewise. Low rents and
reluctance from investors create significant hurdles for developers, so city
officials are becoming scrappy to entice projects - in Pendleton, they're giving
land away.

"These days, people do different things in the way they dispose of bodies with
cremation being more popular than direct burials," Simmons said, in reference to
a 7-acre property - near a city-owned cemetery - that Pendleton gave to a
developer. "(The cemetery) didn't need the future growth area in terms of this
lot. So they looked at trying to get it back on the tax rolls. "

That developer is planning a three-phase project, beginning with 30 apartments.
The city also gave a 12.4 acre lot - the site of a former police shooting range
- to Walker LLC, which plans to build 20 to 25 units, and as many as 100
depending on the rate of absorption.

Those projects are the result of an Oregon Solutions pilot program. The
state-created community consultant organization was tasked with documenting the
problem.

Pendleton Mayor Phillip Houk said a major finding was that between 30 and 50
percent of people working in his city were commuting because they couldn't find
housing in it. Meanwhile, apartment occupancy was strong.

"(When) someone moved out, there was someone right there lined up to move back
in," Houk said.

Being able to demonstrate that need to developers is key, said former Oregon
Solutions employee Kim Travis, who is now the community engagement manager for
Oregon Housing and Community Services' East and Central regions. Travis helped
Pendleton perform the research and said atypical moves, like giving land, can
aid rural communities with few financial resources.

"Workforce housing is a huge issue in non-metro communities," she said. "It's
not just Pendleton - it's all over the state ... The state has no programs
focused on workforce housing. So it has to be a locally driven initiative, and
it's important to understand what local communities might be able to offer to
incent the local market. "

Along the coast, for instance, she said communities struggle to convince
developers to build long-term rental housing in lieu of weekend vacation spots.
In Boardman, nearly 70 percent of workers commute - and 31 percent drive more
than 25 miles to work. She said Boardman was creating a revolving loan program
to provide gap financing for housing projects.

Those towns, Travis said, have economic development potential, but investors are
leery. David Simon, a developer in Hood River, knows that.

"In Hood River there hasn't been any new apartments built in 20 years," he said.

Simon plans to build 20 two-bedroom units about a mile from downtown. Hood
River, like coastal cities, has a lot of short-term rentals, but few year-round
options. Land prices are high, so his approximately $2.5 million construction
project didn't pencil out easily.

So far, Simon has talked to nine banks. A national one expressed strong
interest, but corporate underwriting standards disqualified him. Community banks
were supportive, but his project was too large for their comfort levels.

"That leaves ... regional banks," he said. "And of those that I spoke with, only
one of the five or six was willing to step up to the plate and finance new
construction in a rural area where there hadn't been construction in a long
time. "

That's not surprising to Tim O'Brien, an HFO Investment Real Estate partner who
recently spoke with a La Grande developer who was trying to find investors for a
40-unit apartment project there.

"Nobody wanted to go over there," O'Brien said. "I probably talked to at least
half a dozen folks. The scale of the projects was too small, getting the lending
out there was going to be more difficult, and physically, location-wise, it's
tougher to access. "

Part of the problem is that rents in rural communities are frequently too low to
support new construction. Oftentimes, developers of market-rate projects find
themselves competing against those subsidized for low-income tenants.

So, a financial edge - like free acreage - can make a difference.

"No developer could pay for the land and construct the project at a cost per
square foot that would have told them that this was a market they should enter,"
said Bob Savage of Walker LLC. "You just couldn't do it. "

Walker LLC is hoping to break ground on its project by fall. The company is
seeking a traditional construction loan, but it's providing the equity itself -
a considerably larger amount than would be required by banks in a market like
Portland, Savage said.

Institutional investors relying on standard checklists probably wouldn't see
opportunities for housing development in Pendleton if they visited, Savage said,
but they exist. An $80 million hospital will open this fall, and several smaller
medical offices have already popped up. Simmons said workers are on their way.

And Savage and Simon said there is one great advantage to building in places
like Pendleton - city officials usually say 'yes. '

"In the world of development, you're used to starting out from 'no,' " Savage
said. " 'You can't do it here, but here are the hoops that you're going to have
to jump through to get there. ' In Pendleton, you're starting from 'Yes, we want
to see you build here. ' And that's refreshing - something I haven't seen in
ages. "

<a href="http://www.djcoregon.com/be-the-first-to-know/">Click here for more
from this resource. </a>

© 2013 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             739 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Laurel Leader-Call (Mississippi)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 13, 2011 Sunday

Cities of Ellisville, Taylorsville awarded for community projects

BYLINE: Charlotte Graham, Laurel Leader-Call, Miss.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 968 words


March 13--JACKSON -- Two area communities are listed among the 13 recipients of
the 2011 Governor's Community Projects of Excellence Award presented by Governor
Haley Barbour and Gray Swoope, executive director of the Mississippi Development
Authority (MDA), during a ceremony at the Mississippi Department of Education
building in downtown Jackson Wednesday.

The City of Ellisville was recognized as "Best CDBG-Recovery," while the Town of
Taylorsville was honored for "Best Small Municipal and Limited Population County
Grant (SMLPC)."

The awards are presented to community leaders and representatives from
non-profit organizations for their outstanding use of Community Development
Block Grant (CDBG), Emergency Shelter Grant Program (ESG), Capital Improvements
Revolving Loan Program (CAP), Rural Impact Fund Program (RIF), Small Municipal
and Limited Population County Grant Program (SMLPC) and Home Investment
Partnerships Program (HOME) funds over the past year. The state and federal
funding programs, which provide assistance for community improvement projects,
are administered by MDA's Community Services Division.

The CDBG Program helps local units of government realize their potential by
providing the necessary funds to ensure adequate housing, basic community
services, environmental quality and economic opportunities for their residents;
ESG funds are designed to provide assistance to homeless individuals and
families; HOME Program funds are made available to local communities to provide
for affordable housing, whether through homeowner rehabilitation/reconstruction,
new construction, the substantial rehabilitation of multi-family rental units or
through assistance to homebuyers.

"The awards presented today represent the excellent use of state and federal
funding programs in Mississippi communities around the state," Governor Barbour
said. "I thank this year's award recipients for their service to their
communities and their dedication to making them better places in which to live,
work and do business."

Other winners of the Governor's Community Projects of Excellence Awards are:

--Coahoma County -- Best CDBG Economic Development (ED)

--City of Magnolia -- Best CDBG Public Facility

--Town of Braxton -- Best CDBG Self-Help

--Haven House Family Shelter -- Best Emergency Shelter Grant (ESG)

--Monroe County -- Best Capital Improvements Revolving Loan (CAP)

--Calhoun City -- Best Rural Impact Fund (RIF)

--Valley Community Development Corporation -- Best HOME Program Community
Housing Development Organization (CHDO)

--Town of Ethel -- Best HOME Program Homeowner Rehabilitation

--City of Holly Springs -- Best HOME Program Homebuyer Assistance

--City of Gulfport -- Best Katrina CDBG Community Revitalization

--The Lodge -- Best Katrina CDBG Long Term Workforce Housing

In addition, two Gulf Coast municipalities were presented awards for their use
of federal Hurricane Katrina Disaster Recovery CDBG funds, which are
administered by MDA's Disaster Recovery Division. Katrina CDBG funds are
designed to help local units of government in the areas hardest hit by Hurricane
Katrina. These funds can be used by counties and cities to ensure basic
community services, environmental quality and economic opportunities for their
residents. CDBG-Recovery funds were made available to the state through the
American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 as part of the federal
government's efforts to stimulate the economy. These funds can be used for
needed infrastructure projects, basic services to residents and activities that
promote energy efficiency and conservation through the rehabilitation or
retrofitting of existing buildings.

The state offers a number of community development programs, as well. CAP funds
are provided to counties or municipalities to finance capital improvements such
as water, sewer, industrial draining and fire protection improvements,
industrial access roads, construction of multipurpose facilities for tourism
development and recreation improvements. RIF funds are designed to assist and
promote businesses and economic development in rural areas by providing grants
to rural communities. SMLPC funds are used for publicly-owned infrastructure for
community-based projects such as drainage systems, water and sewer systems,
roads and bridges and buildings. Funding from this program can be used by small
municipalities and counties with limited populations.

"The key to economic development success is having vibrant, competitive
communities," said Swoope. "Last year, MDA administered $83 million in state and
federal funds, excluding Hurricane Katrina programs, all of which are aimed at
enhancing our communities.

"Today we recognized those projects that excelled at using these programs to
better the quality of life and economic well being of their citizens."

MDA is Mississippi's lead economic and community development agency, employing
nearly 300 people to engage in providing services to businesses, communities and
workers in the state. While the agency is best known for its efforts to recruit
new businesses to Mississippi, MDA provides services to promote tourism, help
communities improve their quality of place, help existing employers identify and
meet opportunities and challenges and help workers improve their skills -- all
with the goal of improving the quality of life and economic well-being of
Mississippians.

To learn more about the agency and its programs, visit MDA's Web site at
www.mississippi.org.

To see more of the Laurel Leader-Call or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.leadercall.com. Copyright (c) 2011, Laurel Leader-Call, Miss.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20110313-LH-Cities-of-Ellisville-Taylorsville-awarded-for-community-projects-031
3-20110313

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LH


                       Copyright 2011 Laurel Leader-Call


                             740 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 30, 2016 Friday

Washington: Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council Announces
Availability of 2015 Data on Mortgage Lending

LENGTH: 1397  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Consumer Financial Protection Bureau has issued the following news
release:



 The Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council (FFIEC) today announced
the availability of data on mortgage lending transactions at 6,913 U.S.
financial institutions covered by the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act (HMDA).
Covered institutions include banks, savings associations, credit unions, and
mortgage companies. The HMDA data made available today cover 2015 lending
activity and include:





     applications, originations, purchases and sales of loans, denials, and
other actions related to applications

     loan amount

     loan type (conventional, Federal Housing Administration (FHA), Veterans
Administration (VA), Rural Housing Service (RHS) or Farm Service Agency (FSA))

     purpose (home purchase, home improvement, or refinancing)

     property type (1-4 family, multifamily, or manufactured housing)

     owner occupancy

     preapproval (home purchase loans only)

     property location (metropolitan statistical area (MSA), state, county, and
census tract)

     applicant and co-applicant characteristics (race, ethnicity, sex and
income)

     pricing-related data

     type of purchaser

     whether a loan is subject to the Home Ownership and Equity Protection Act
(HOEPA)

     whether a loan is secured by a first or subordinate lien, or is unsecured



 The data released today also include disclosure statements for each financial
institution, aggregate data for each MSA, nationwide summary statistics
regarding lending patterns, and Loan/Application Registers (LARs) for each
financial institution (LARs are modified to protect borrower privacy). The FFIEC
prepares and distributes this information on behalf of its member agencies.

 Understanding the Data



 The 2015 HMDA data use the census tract delineations, population, and housing
characteristic data from the 2010 Census and the combined 2006-2010 American
Community Surveys, as has been the case since 2012, when these delineations and
data were first used . In addition, the data reflect metropolitan statistical
area (MSA) definitions released by the Office of Management and Budget in 2013
that became effective for HMDA purposes in 2014.



 Caution should be used when comparing HMDA data across multiple years for
specific geographic areas due to the changes in MSA and census tract boundaries
and updates to the population and housing characteristics of census tracts.



 The HMDA data are the most comprehensive publicly available information on
mortgage market activity. Among other uses, the data help the public determine
how financial institutions are serving the housing needs of their local
communities, and facilitate fair lending and compliance examinations. When
examiners evaluate an institution's fair lending risk, they analyze HMDA data in
conjunction with other information and risk factors, in accordance with the
Interagency Fair Lending Examination Procedures available at
http://www.ffiec.gov/PDF/fairlend.pdf .



 The current HMDA data alone cannot be used to determine whether a lender is
complying with fair lending laws. The data do not include many potential
determinants of loan application and pricing decisions, such as the applicant's
credit history, debt-to-income ratio, the loan-to-value ratio, and other
considerations. Therefore, when examiners conduct fair lending examinations,
including ones involving loan pricing, they analyze additional information
before reaching a determination about an institution's compliance with fair
lending laws.

 Observations from the 2015 Data



 For 2015, the number of reporting institutions declined about 2.5 percent from
the previous year to 6,913. While there were some new reporters in 2015, this
number was more than offset by the number of institutions that reported in 2014
but did not do so in 2015. In most cases, this is because of mergers and
acquisitions.



 The 2015 data include information on 12.1 million home loan applications, of
which 7.4 million resulted in loan originations, and 2.1 million in purchased
loans, for a total of 14.2 million actions. The data also include information on
approximately 531,000 requests for preapprovals for home purchase loans.[1]



 The total number of originated loans of all types and purposes increased by 1.4
million between 2014 and 2015, or 22 percent. Refinance originations increased
by 36 percent, and home purchase lending increased by 13 percent.[2]



 From 2014 to 2015, the share of 1-4 family home purchase loans made to low- and
moderate-income borrowers (those with income of less than 80 percent of area
median income) rose slightly from approximately 26 percent in 2014 to roughly 27
percent in 2015, while the share of refinance loans to low- and moderate-income
borrowers decreased from 24 percent to 22 percent.[3]



 In terms of borrower race and ethnicity, the share of home purchase loans for
1-4 family properties made to black borrowers rose from 4.9 percent to nearly
5.2 percent, the share made to Hispanic-white borrowers rose from 7.5 percent to
7.9 percent, and those made to Asian borrowers declined slightly from 5.7
percent to 5.5 percent. The share of refinance loans made to black borrowers
decreased from 5.2 percent to 4.9 percent, the share made to Hispanic-white
borrowers rose slightly from 6.0 percent to 6.1 percent, and those made to Asian
borrowers rose from 4.5 percent to 5.1 percent.



 In 2015, black and Hispanic-white applicants experienced higher denial rates
for conventional home purchase loans than non-Hispanic white applicants. The
denial rate for Asian applicants is more comparable to the denial rate for
non-Hispanic white applicants. These relationships are similar to those found in
earlier years and do not take into account potential differences in risk
characteristics across demographic groups.



 In 2015, the FHA-insured share of first-lien home purchase loans for 1-4
family, site-built owner-occupied properties increased to 25 percent from 21
percent in 2014, reversing a downward trend in the FHA's market share since
2009. The VA-guaranteed share of such loans remained at approximately 10 percent
in 2015. The overall government-backed share of such purchase loans, including
FHA, VA, RHS and FSA loans, was 39 percent in 2015, increasing from 37 percent
in 2014, but down from 54 percent in 2009. One reason for the rise in the FHA's
market share may have been that the FHA significantly reduced its annual
mortgage insurance premiums by 0.5 percentage points in January 2015 for loans
with terms greater than 15 years.



 The FHA-insured share of first-lien refinance mortgages for 1-4 family, site
-built owner-occupied properties also increased in 2015, to about 14 percent
from 9 percent in 2014, while the VA-guaranteed share of such refinance loans
decreased by approximately 1 percentage point to 9 percent.



 The 2015 HMDA data also include information on loan pricing for loans
classified as "higher-priced." Higher-priced loans are defined as loans with
annual percentage rates (APRs) that exceed the average prime offer rates (APORs)
by at least 1.5 percentage points for first-lien loans and at least 3.5
percentage points for subordinate lien loans.[4] The data on the incidence of
higher-priced lending shows that nearly 6 percent of first-lien loans originated
in 2015 have APRs that exceed the loan price reporting thresholds, down from
nearly 8 percent in 2014.



 About 22 percent of the FHA's first-lien home purchase loans had APRs above the
reporting threshold for higher-priced loans, significantly down from 45 percent
in 2014.[5] As discussed earlier, the FHA lowered its annual mortgage insurance
premiums in 2015, which had a direct effect on the APRs of FHA loans, because
the APR includes the cost of mortgage insurance.



 As noted above, the HMDA data identify loans that are covered by HOEPA. Under
HOEPA, certain types of mortgage loans that have interest rates or total points
and fees above specified levels are subject to certain requirements, such as
additional disclosures to consumers, and are also subject to various
restrictions on loan terms. For 2015, 1,249 loan originations covered by HOEPA
were reported: 494 home purchase loans; 186 home improvement loans; and 569
refinance loans.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             741 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 30, 2016 Friday

Washington: Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council Announces
Availability of 2015 Data on Mortgage Lending

LENGTH: 1397  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Consumer Financial Protection Bureau has issued the following news
release:



 The Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council (FFIEC) today announced
the availability of data on mortgage lending transactions at 6,913 U.S.
financial institutions covered by the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act (HMDA).
Covered institutions include banks, savings associations, credit unions, and
mortgage companies. The HMDA data made available today cover 2015 lending
activity and include:





     applications, originations, purchases and sales of loans, denials, and
other actions related to applications

     loan amount

     loan type (conventional, Federal Housing Administration (FHA), Veterans
Administration (VA), Rural Housing Service (RHS) or Farm Service Agency (FSA))

     purpose (home purchase, home improvement, or refinancing)

     property type (1-4 family, multifamily, or manufactured housing)

     owner occupancy

     preapproval (home purchase loans only)

     property location (metropolitan statistical area (MSA), state, county, and
census tract)

     applicant and co-applicant characteristics (race, ethnicity, sex and
income)

     pricing-related data

     type of purchaser

     whether a loan is subject to the Home Ownership and Equity Protection Act
(HOEPA)

     whether a loan is secured by a first or subordinate lien, or is unsecured



 The data released today also include disclosure statements for each financial
institution, aggregate data for each MSA, nationwide summary statistics
regarding lending patterns, and Loan/Application Registers (LARs) for each
financial institution (LARs are modified to protect borrower privacy). The FFIEC
prepares and distributes this information on behalf of its member agencies.

 Understanding the Data



 The 2015 HMDA data use the census tract delineations, population, and housing
characteristic data from the 2010 Census and the combined 2006-2010 American
Community Surveys, as has been the case since 2012, when these delineations and
data were first used . In addition, the data reflect metropolitan statistical
area (MSA) definitions released by the Office of Management and Budget in 2013
that became effective for HMDA purposes in 2014.



 Caution should be used when comparing HMDA data across multiple years for
specific geographic areas due to the changes in MSA and census tract boundaries
and updates to the population and housing characteristics of census tracts.



 The HMDA data are the most comprehensive publicly available information on
mortgage market activity. Among other uses, the data help the public determine
how financial institutions are serving the housing needs of their local
communities, and facilitate fair lending and compliance examinations. When
examiners evaluate an institution's fair lending risk, they analyze HMDA data in
conjunction with other information and risk factors, in accordance with the
Interagency Fair Lending Examination Procedures available at
http://www.ffiec.gov/PDF/fairlend.pdf .



 The current HMDA data alone cannot be used to determine whether a lender is
complying with fair lending laws. The data do not include many potential
determinants of loan application and pricing decisions, such as the applicant's
credit history, debt-to-income ratio, the loan-to-value ratio, and other
considerations. Therefore, when examiners conduct fair lending examinations,
including ones involving loan pricing, they analyze additional information
before reaching a determination about an institution's compliance with fair
lending laws.

 Observations from the 2015 Data



 For 2015, the number of reporting institutions declined about 2.5 percent from
the previous year to 6,913. While there were some new reporters in 2015, this
number was more than offset by the number of institutions that reported in 2014
but did not do so in 2015. In most cases, this is because of mergers and
acquisitions.



 The 2015 data include information on 12.1 million home loan applications, of
which 7.4 million resulted in loan originations, and 2.1 million in purchased
loans, for a total of 14.2 million actions. The data also include information on
approximately 531,000 requests for preapprovals for home purchase loans.[1]



 The total number of originated loans of all types and purposes increased by 1.4
million between 2014 and 2015, or 22 percent. Refinance originations increased
by 36 percent, and home purchase lending increased by 13 percent.[2]



 From 2014 to 2015, the share of 1-4 family home purchase loans made to low- and
moderate-income borrowers (those with income of less than 80 percent of area
median income) rose slightly from approximately 26 percent in 2014 to roughly 27
percent in 2015, while the share of refinance loans to low- and moderate-income
borrowers decreased from 24 percent to 22 percent.[3]



 In terms of borrower race and ethnicity, the share of home purchase loans for
1-4 family properties made to black borrowers rose from 4.9 percent to nearly
5.2 percent, the share made to Hispanic-white borrowers rose from 7.5 percent to
7.9 percent, and those made to Asian borrowers declined slightly from 5.7
percent to 5.5 percent. The share of refinance loans made to black borrowers
decreased from 5.2 percent to 4.9 percent, the share made to Hispanic-white
borrowers rose slightly from 6.0 percent to 6.1 percent, and those made to Asian
borrowers rose from 4.5 percent to 5.1 percent.



 In 2015, black and Hispanic-white applicants experienced higher denial rates
for conventional home purchase loans than non-Hispanic white applicants. The
denial rate for Asian applicants is more comparable to the denial rate for
non-Hispanic white applicants. These relationships are similar to those found in
earlier years and do not take into account potential differences in risk
characteristics across demographic groups.



 In 2015, the FHA-insured share of first-lien home purchase loans for 1-4
family, site-built owner-occupied properties increased to 25 percent from 21
percent in 2014, reversing a downward trend in the FHA's market share since
2009. The VA-guaranteed share of such loans remained at approximately 10 percent
in 2015. The overall government-backed share of such purchase loans, including
FHA, VA, RHS and FSA loans, was 39 percent in 2015, increasing from 37 percent
in 2014, but down from 54 percent in 2009. One reason for the rise in the FHA's
market share may have been that the FHA significantly reduced its annual
mortgage insurance premiums by 0.5 percentage points in January 2015 for loans
with terms greater than 15 years.



 The FHA-insured share of first-lien refinance mortgages for 1-4 family, site
-built owner-occupied properties also increased in 2015, to about 14 percent
from 9 percent in 2014, while the VA-guaranteed share of such refinance loans
decreased by approximately 1 percentage point to 9 percent.



 The 2015 HMDA data also include information on loan pricing for loans
classified as "higher-priced." Higher-priced loans are defined as loans with
annual percentage rates (APRs) that exceed the average prime offer rates (APORs)
by at least 1.5 percentage points for first-lien loans and at least 3.5
percentage points for subordinate lien loans.[4] The data on the incidence of
higher-priced lending shows that nearly 6 percent of first-lien loans originated
in 2015 have APRs that exceed the loan price reporting thresholds, down from
nearly 8 percent in 2014.



 About 22 percent of the FHA's first-lien home purchase loans had APRs above the
reporting threshold for higher-priced loans, significantly down from 45 percent
in 2014.[5] As discussed earlier, the FHA lowered its annual mortgage insurance
premiums in 2015, which had a direct effect on the APRs of FHA loans, because
the APR includes the cost of mortgage insurance.



 As noted above, the HMDA data identify loans that are covered by HOEPA. Under
HOEPA, certain types of mortgage loans that have interest rates or total points
and fees above specified levels are subject to certain requirements, such as
additional disclosures to consumers, and are also subject to various
restrictions on loan terms. For 2015, 1,249 loan originations covered by HOEPA
were reported: 494 home purchase loans; 186 home improvement loans; and 569
refinance loans.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             742 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The Times (London)

                           August 14, 1999, Saturday

City life with the stress taken out

BYLINE: Joyce Blake

SECTION: Features

LENGTH: 1041 words


Not all villages are rural. Joyce Blake meets the couple with a plan to turn
inner-city London streets into a neighbourly urban community.

Max Comfort loves living in the city. He enjoys going out to theatres,
restaurants and having a choice of jobs.

But there is something missing from his daily routine. Although he couldn't bear
to commute from the country he does dream about living in a more caring
community.

Comfort longs to go home to a village where people have more time for each
other, are concerned about the environment and want their children to enjoy the
freedom of playing safely outside away from traffic. And while many city
dwellers fantasise about such a lifestyle, Comfort and his wife, Jo Rowbotham,
intend to make the dream a reality by founding an "urban village" in London.

Comfort says: "When people hear about co-housing communities it conjures up an
image of rural living with maypoles and thatched cottages. Jo and I have always
been interested in ecology-based building and we would both like to live
somewhere with a sense of community, but initially we couldn't see how we could
combine these ideals with our urban lifestyle and need for privacy."

Comfort and Rowbotham first realised that it might be possible to fulfil their
wishes when, during their honeymoon in America 18 months ago, they went to visit
a thriving co-housing project in California.

"What really struck us about this community was that it was a children's
paradise. Everyone knows each other, the elderly are looked after, the children
have freedom and parents are supported and escape the isolation that many feel
living in a city," said Comfort. "And the residents all agreed they had become
much more tolerant since living in the village."

Since then, Comfort and Rowbotham have progressed a long way with their plans.
They have looked at many other co-housing projects in Denmark and are now
convinced that the urban village can complement city life.

In 1998 they co-founded Loco - the London Co-Housing Project. Comfort is quick
to point out that it also means "mad" in Spanish.

Loco now has seven households (which comprise 16 adults and six children) who
are committed to the project and to contributing financially and socially to the
development of the scheme. They hope to add a further 13 households to the group
which, as far as possible, will reflect the mix and balance of society as a
whole.

The group is very busy. They are working on the business plan, discussing the
finances with banks and building societies, organising the social structure and
looking for a suitable property.

The village will consist of a group of private houses, ideally a mix of family
sized and smaller units which are entirely self-contained with their own
kitchens and bathrooms. The site will be traffic-free, with cars parked only on
the outer edge.

The main difference from other building developments is that there will also be
a common house where people can meet and share cooking and eating in the
evenings, so that most people need to cook only two or three times a month.

There will be a core of communal facilities including a dining/meeting space,
children's play area, a creche and possibly a laundry, workshops, library and a
business centre, depending on the needs of the residents. There is even the
possibility of creating a village school.

For many of the residents, issues such as energy efficiency and conservation are
important and they would like these elements to be included in the design and
construction.

They would like to build on a brownfield site and aim to create as much green
space as possible. Comfort hopes they can build houses which cater for the
elderly or disabled as well as young parents with a double-buggy. "Attention to
this type of detail costs pennies at the building stage, but it would cost
thousands of pounds to make these conversions later," he says.

The group believes it is both economically and socially important to include the
wider community in their plans. "We do not want to be known as the 'weirdos
behind the brick wall' and would like to interact with the local community,"
says Comfort.

"We believe that a lot of our facilities are compatible with commercial
enterprise. If we are going to have an expensive, industrial kitchen in the
village, which is only fully utilised after the children come home from school,
it makes sense to open it to the public as an organic cafe during the day.

"On the same level, we hope to have an organic market and offer our other
facilities to non-residents on a commercial basis."

While there are very few co-housing communities in the UK, the concept is not
new. Co-housing has become increasingly popular in Scandinavia and the States.

In Denmark, the trend began in the late Sixties and 5 per cent of the population
now live in co-housing communities. The Danish Government actively encourages
this type of lifestyle. If a group of people find a site and can raise 20 per
cent of the cost of the land and buildings, the Government will provide an
interest-free, 25-year loan for the balance.

There is good reason for the British Government to be interested in this type of
scheme as it does provide practical solutions for topical problems. By living in
a community with childcare facilities and a business centre it becomes much
easier for a single parent to combine work with looking after the children; jobs
are created in the village, which in turn reduces the level of traffic as fewer
people drive to work.

It also encourages the use of brown-field sites rather than building in our
countryside. Comfort is convinced the timing is right for this enterprise.

"It seems we are all so busy rushing about, yet we don't seem to belong
anywhere. I believe co-housing is the way forward. Perhaps in the new millennium
we can learn from the past and find a less stressful way of living.

"There seems to be little doubt that many of our social problems could be solved
and our practical needs met if people could really feel they were part of a
caring community in a big city."

For further information contact Loco (0181-374 0888) or e-mail:
janedent@hotmail.com


LOAD-DATE: August 20, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1999 Times Newspapers Limited


                             743 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 MAIL ON SUNDAY

                                 April 13, 2003

Turkey, the East made easy...;
buying abroad - You'll get more for your money than anywhere else in Europe and
it's only four hours away

BYLINE: Victoria Combe

SECTION: Pg. 31

LENGTH: 956 words


The war in Iraq is almost certain to hit house prices in countries which share a
border. That's what's happened in Turkey where there are bargains to be had for
Britons looking for a home in this warm, friendly country.

The country's western and southern coastlines offer good beaches, unspoilt
countryside, ancient archaeological sites and lively small towns that welcome
foreigners.

Is Turkey safe for foreigners?

Yes. A glance at the map shows that the popular coastal towns are a long way
from any war zone. Turkey is 95 per cent Muslim, but it is a secular state and
people can drink alcohol, smoke and wear what they want. In rural areas it is
common to see women wearing headscarves, but it is not expected.

Turkey wants to join the EU and talks about its application for membership are
scheduled for 2004. The Turks welcome Britons and are happy to have them as
neighbours.

Why is it good to buy now?

The Turkish economy is suffering and the Iraqi conflict has severely hit the
stock market. This means British buyers can get more for their pounds in Turkey
than elsewhere in Europe.

The purchase has to be made in Turkish lire exchanged from foreign currency at a
Turkish bank and there are no building societies to provide loans.

However, for GBP 50,000 you can find a house with a garden and sea views.

Who would want to live in Turkey?

The British are only just realising that Turkey is an easy and cheap place to
buy property. It has been a popular holiday spot for years, but few have taken
the plunge and settled there.

The British are most attracted to Bodrum, the prettiest town on the north Aegean
Coast, which has its own international airport. There is now a population of 600
Britons, about half of whom are retired, and an honorary British Consulate to
look after them and the tourists.

Turkey appeals to those who want to discover another culture, not people who are
seeking Little England in the sun. It is only a four-hour flight from Britain,
but in terms of civilization it is an exotic cocktail of East and West.

The Ottoman cuisine is far more sophisticated than the doner kebabs we see in
Britain and the wines can be as good as those of Spain or Italy.

What are the pitfalls?

The language barrier. Turkish is considered to be one of the world's ten most
difficult languages to learn and by no means do all Turks speak English.

Any prospective buyer would be advised to find an English-speaking lawyer to
nurse them through the purchase.

Although in theory it should be easy for a Briton to buy property in Turkey, in
practice the red tape can be obstructive. According to the British Consulate, no
foreigner is allowed to buy land or property without getting permission from the
military commander in the area. This is to ensure that nothing is bought in
militarily sensitive areas. This process can take several months and the seller
is often reluctant to wait.

Also, a British buyer needs to have a residence permit and must buy within the
municipalities. No foreigner may purchase land or property in the villages or
rural areas, no matter how much money they have to offer.

What are the best areas to buy?

Bodrum, with its white sugar cube houses and pretty harbour, is one of the
loveliest spots and, unlike other resorts, doesn't shut down in the winter.

The town itself is noisy and crowded in the summer and the properties are more
expensive. The surrounding small towns of Gumusluk and Bitez are more tranquil.

In Yalikavak, on the Bodrum peninsular, the Port Bodrum Marina opens in May.

It will have a large number of luxurious villas with gardens for sale. Prices
are likely to start in the region of GBP 300,000.

In Bodrum, prices vary hugely depending on location and size. It is possible to
pick up a rundown studio apartment for GBP 5,000, but a large house close to the
harbour with a pool will go for GBP 100,000.

For sun lovers, there is Marmaris, on the western Mediterranean coast further
south. A British property consultant-who has lived in Turkey for 26 years
describes the city as 'a cleaner and more orderly Blackpool'.

Fethiye has mountains popular with hang-gliders and some of the country's best
beaches. Antalya, with a population of 600,000, is favoured by Germans, who have
set up their own enclave in nearby Alanya.

Istanbul is also cheap for foreigners who crave the bustle of this magical city.
It is laden with history and its winding streets are lined with bazaars and
mosques. A view of the Bosphorous doubles the price of a property.

For a bargain, Britons are looking at the area around the Galata Tower where
two-bedroom flats in Ottoman buildings sell for less than GBP 50,000.

And the weather?

On the south coast it is warm enough to sunbathe from April to November.

But Istanbul can have bad winters, with snow from December to March.

It starts to get warm in May.

What about Turkish workmen?

Turkish workmen do not make appointments and usually, when you call them, they
offer to come round the same or the next day. They are cheap and honest, but
need to be supervised. It is rare to find one who speaks English.

Websites: www.info vartur.com www.britishembassy.org.tr

CALLIS BEACH (NEAR FETHIYE) GBP 60,000

Only 500m from the sea, this three bedroomed house has two bathrooms and two
sea-view balconies. Agent: www.property inturkey. com

OLUDENIZ (NEAR FETHIYE) GBP 100,000

Three-bedroom villa with shared pool and large garden. Ten minutes from Oludeniz
beach. Agent: www.tapu.co.uk

FETHIYE NEW TOWN GBP 150,000

A large family villa with four bathrooms and five double bedrooms.Close to the
sea. Agent: www.tapu.co.uk


LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2003

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Paper

                   Copyright 2003 Associated Newspapers Ltd.


                             744 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                           March 20, 2002, Wednesday

Federal move on housing welcomed

SECTION: National; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 854 words


KUALA LUMPUR, Tues. - State Governments today welcomed the Federal
Government's move to take over the building of low-cost houses. The move,
they said, would reduce the burden of the State Governments.

In Johor, Menteri Besar Datuk Abdul Ghani Othman said the Federal
Government's move would supplement the State's ongoing efforts to increase
the number of such houses in the State.

He said Johor would continue with its aim of building 200,000 units of
low-cost houses within the next five years, with the co-operation of
private developers.

He said the State Government was supportive of the Cabinet's decision as
it faced some difficulties in financing the public low-cost housing
projects and collecting loan payments from house owners.

"We support the Cabinet's decision as it will lessen our burden to build
low-cost houses but we will continue our current co-operation with the
private developers to build low-cost houses at new housing estates in the
State," he said, adding that Johor Government would give the necessary
help to the Federal Government.

In Seremban, Negri Sembilan Housing and Local Government Committee
chairman Datuk Dr Yeow Chai Thiam hoped that State Governments would be
consulted first prior to the takeover.

He said the State Government had so far built 14,000 low-cost units in
the form of terrace houses and walk-up flats of which 7,000 had not been
sold.

Among new low-cost housing estates which have been completed are the
Springhill project in Seremban and Port Dickson, Nilai new town, Seremban
Selatan and Seremban Two. Another project under construction is located in
Seremban Three.

In Kuching, State Assistant Housing Minister Dr Abang Abdul Rauf Abang
Sen said Sarawak would not be affected by the Cabinet's decision as it had
its own system and authorities for building low cost houses.

"Economic factor is another reason why the decision could not be
extended to Sarawak," he said. He said at the moment the prices of low-
cost houses in the State were also lower than those in peninsula and that
all construction of low-cost houses was undertaken by the Sarawak Housing
Development Commission.

Nevertheless, Abang Abdul Rauf welcomed any assistance from the Federal
Government to help the State to expedite its effort to build more low-cost
houses.

"I hope that the Federal Government can extend the fund allocated under
the revolving fund to help the private sector to participate in the
building of low-cost houses here," he added.

In Kuantan, while welcoming the move, Pahang State Rural Development,
Settlers Affairs and Non-governmental Organisation committee chairman
Datuk Shahiruddin Ab Moin said the Federal Government should focus more on
low-cost housing projects in the rural areas.

He said this was because there was an increasing demand for such houses
among rural folk.

"We hope that more low-cost housing projects would be built in the rural
areas, especially around the Felda schemes."

In Alor Star, the State Government will submit a list of all proposed
low-cost housing projects in Kedah this year to facilitate the Federal
Government in the taking over of the projects.

State Housing and Local Government committee chairman Datuk Ahmad Bashah
Md Hanipah said among the projects were those in Kubang Pasu, Pendang,
Pokok Sena and Semeling near Sungai Petani.

He said the State Government would co-operate with the Government in
terms of site identification and land acquisition.

Ahmad Bashah said the State Housing Division had planned to build low-
cost homes in all districts under the Eighth Malaysia Plan.

Among them were 1,500 units of flats in Paya Nahu, near Sungai Petani
and 600 units in Mergong.

"Since 10 years ago, 10,000 units of low-cost homes have been built and
sold at RM25,000 per unit, but the price was increased to RM30,000 three
years ago."

In Kuala Terengganu, State Exco member Wan Abdul Muttalib Embong said
the Federal Government should complete all the low-cost housing projects
in Terengganu which has been stopped since Pas came to power in 1999.

He said it was not important whether the Pas-led State Government
supported the move by the Federal Government.

"What is most important is that all the 13 projects which they have
stopped should be resumed," said Wan Abdul Muttalib who is in charge of
local government, housing and the environment.

In Penang, State Housing Committee chairman Datuk Abdul Rashid Abdullah
said the Federal Government's move would help resolve the delay in the
construction of about 400 low-cost houses at two villages near Kepala
Batas on Seberang Perai.

He said the State Government had acquired the land in Kampung Besar and
Padang Chempedak but was awaiting additional funds to start construction
work.

"The project could not proceed because it was no longer viable to sell
low-cost units at RM25,000 each. The cost in building the terraced units
is now RM39,000 each.

"As such, the Federal Government's move to take over the construction of
low-cost units from the States is timely," he said.


LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

            Copyright 2002 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad


                             745 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Evening News (Edinburgh)

                              May 1, 2006, Monday
                                   1 Edition

Greenbelt anger at Water of Leith plans

BYLINE: GARETH EDWARDS

SECTION: Pg. 10

LENGTH: 506 words


GREEN belt campaigners have warned that development on the banks of the Water of
Leith has reached saturation point after plans were submitted to build more than
60 townhouses along the river.

More than 200 letters of objection have been sent into the council over outline
plans by Caledonian Heritable and a private landowner to build up to 63
townhouses over the north and south of the river at Baberton Loan.

The development would also include plans for a traffic bridge crossing the Water
of Leith and the relocation of an existing footbridge further down the river.

RPS Consultants, who are acting as agents for the developers, stated that the
plans would be part of the ongoing regeneration process along the Water of
Leith.

But objectors to the plans, including local residents, Scottish Natural
Heritage, the Water of Leith Conservation Trust and the local councillor,
believe future housing developments in the area must be stopped in order to
safeguard the green belt.

They say crisis point has been hit following years of development along the
water, with recent large and small-scale housing projects including Old Mossy
Mill which was redeveloped into 15 houses, as well as Spylaw and Woodhall Mill
at Juniper Green, which has been redeveloped into 50 exclusive homes by
Applecross.

Council planners have recommended that the latest plans be refused permission,
as the development is not suitable for the green belt and would be at risk from
flooding.

And Duncan Campbell, co-ordinator of the Edinburgh Green Belt Network, said that
no more housing developments could be accepted on the Water of Leith.

He said:

"We have now reached a crisis point because there have been so many developments
along the river over the years which have been chipping away at its rural
character and quietly eroding the green belt. We are concerned about the
environmental impact this development would have, particularly the road bridge."

Baberton councillor Alastair Paisley said:

"I was stunned at their plans to build a bridge for traffic over the Water of
Leith to access this site, and I think the local road into the area is single
track. It cannot cope with any more traffic."

And Helen Brown, manager of the Water of Leith Conservation Trust, also objected
to the development and said:

"The rural distinctions between Juniper Green and Colinton are already being
eroded and we need to stop any more housing development in that area otherwise
there will be no difference between them."

In a planning support statement, RPS, the agents representing the private
developer behind the proposal, said: "There is great interest in the
regeneration of the Water of Leith along its banks, as exemplified by the
housing scheme being undertaken by Applecross.

"This type of regeneration initiative not only meets local housing needs, but
new developments can improve the dynamic of the Water of Leith walkway."

No one from Caledonian Heritable was available for comment. A decision on the
application will be made by the council's planning committee on Wednesday.

LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2006 The Scotsman Publications Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             746 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Santa Cruz Sentinel (California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          November 26, 2008 Wednesday

County OKs $1.3 million for Felton affordable housing despite community concerns

BYLINE: Shanna McCord, Santa Cruz Sentinel, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 706 words


Nov. 26--FELTON -- Environmentalists squared off with affordable housing
advocates Tuesday as the nonprofit developer South County Housing sought nearly
$1.3 million from county leaders to continue planning a 55-unit project in
Felton.

The county Board of Supervisors -- acting as directors of the Redevelopment
Agency, which has already given $700,000 for the development -- agreed to
provide the additional funds in a 4-1 vote after listening to about 20 San
Lorenzo Valley residents voice opposition and support for the housing.

Supervisor Mark Stone voted against the funding, and favored delaying the
decision until county planners could provide a more detailed breakdown of how
the money would be spent.

Supervisors said there is a great need for affordable housing across Santa Cruz
County, and that the project would help fulfill state mandates that require a
certain amount of land be set aside for affordable housing.

"Redevelopment money has to be used for housing," Supervisor Jan Beautz said.
"It's been used in Watsonville, Aptos, Live Oak and Soquel, but it has not been
used in the San Lorenzo Valley. We haven't built any affordable housing in the
valley."

South County Housing, a Gilroy-based affordable housing developer, has proposed
building 24 apartments for very low-income seniors and 31 for-sale homes for
families with low and moderate incomes on an empty 15-acre meadow next to the

Felton Faire Shopping Center on Graham Hill Road.

About nine acres would be preserved as open space.

The property has been designated as an affordable housing site in the county's
general plan since 1994; South County Housing bought the land in 2005.

South County Housing believes the location next to the Felton Faire Shopping
Center, with access to a grocery store, bank, restaurants, public transportation
and parks, makes it ideal for a residential development.

However, several San Lorenzo Valley residents slammed the project mostly over
concerns with sewage disposal, storm-water runoff, traffic and flooding.

"The proposed on-site sewage disposal system is undersized, not sited correctly,
and is not supported by adequate soil and groundwater testing," said Bonny Doon
resident Steve Homan, an environmental consultant. "Furthermore, the proposed
drain fields are located but 40 feet from proposed new detention pond
excavations that will lead by ditches and a pipeline to Zayante Creek."

Some said they simply don't welcome the affordable housing project in the
valley.

A petition with 4,000 signatures of people opposed to the development was given
to the supervisors.

"We don't want the taxpayers' money spent on this wasteful project," Boulder
Creek resident Gordon Stewart told the supervisors. "Keep your city problems in
the city."

Some San Lorenzo Valley residents at the meeting said the housing would be an
asset for the community by giving more families a chance at homeownership.

Andy Leif of South County Housing said his organization has been studying
environmental issues at the site for the past three years, and plans to have an
environmental impact report conducted by a third party.

County Planning Director Tom Burns said the $1.3 million would help cover
"pre-development costs" such as taxes, loan fees, interest, technical studies,
civil engineering and the community planning process.

Burns said the project's rural location requires more intensive environmental
studies and community involvement, which make the development more costly and
time-consuming.

The $1.3 million is a loan with 3 percent interest that becomes part of the
permanent financing if the project becomes reality. If the project does not
materialize, the Redevelopment Agency would be repaid with proceeds of a sale of
the property to a private party.

Contact Shanna McCord at 429-2401 or smccord@santacruzsentinel.com

To see more of The Santa Cruz Sentinel or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.santacruzsentinel.com. Copyright (c) 2008, Santa Cruz Sentinel,
Calif. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints,
email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send
a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee
Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20081126-QC-County-OKs-1.3-million-for-Felton-affordable-housing
-despite-community-concerns-1126

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QC


                                 Copyright 2008


                             747 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                              June 29, 2012 Friday

Madawaska family celebrates home ownership through USDA program

BYLINE: Jen Lynds BDN Staff

LENGTH: 514 words


MADAWASKA, Maine -- Christopher and Erica Thibodeau of Madawaska thought often
about owning a home but considered it a far-off dream.


While both are employed at Marden's in the community, they do not earn very much
more than minimum wage and, after paying their living expenses, do not have a
great deal left over.


"Our credit is fine," Erica Thibodeau said Friday. "But we would have never had
the money to put a 10 percent or so down payment on a home. We figured we'd be
renters for much of our lives."


But they figured wrong, thanks to a program offered through the U.S. Department
of Agriculture Rural Development. The couple tapped into the agency's Single
Family Housing 502 Direct Program and in March signed papers to close a deal
that secured a home for themselves and their two children, Cyprian, 7, and
Kristiana, 1.


The family was recognized Friday in a brief ceremony at their home on Pleasant
Street by USDA Rural Development to commemorate National Homeownership Month in
June. After a year of renting the home, they now are paying the mortgage. The
payment is only slightly more than their monthly rent and they are building
equity for their future at the same time.


Section 502 loans are used primarily to help low-income individuals or
households purchase homes in rural areas, according to the USDA Rural
Development website. Funds can be used to build, repair, renovate or relocate a
home or to purchase and prepare sites, including providing water and sewage
facilities.


Loans for the modest homes, which must meet certain criteria and inspection
standards, are up to 33 years, or 38 years in some instances.


"In the past three years, we have moved four times," Thibodeau said Friday.
"This last time, we found a home to rent and after awhile decided that we really
wanted to buy it. We just could not afford to make the down payment and we were
concerned about taxes and things, so we could not find any bank or credit union
programs that we could access. When I was working at Marden's, a customer came
in and told me about the USDA program."


The family found out about the 502 Direct Program and soon learned that they
qualified.


"We met the income guidelines, so we did not have to make a down payment and we
have a fixed rate for the loan," she said. "We were spending $400 to $500 a
month in rent and we had just enough left over to get by. Now we are paying
under $500 and that money is going toward something we'll own. It is a much
better way to do it."


Virginia Manuel, USDA Rural Development state director, presented the family
with a signed, framed photo of the home during the brief ceremony. Other USDA
Rural Development representatives were present, as were officials from U.S.
Sens. Olympia Snowe's and Susan Collins' offices, and from the office of Rep.
Mike Michaud.


While she and her husband are happy, their children seem the most thrilled,
Thibodeau said Friday.


"They are a lot happier," she said. "This is a nice neighborhood and the
children are always out playing. My son is always out in our yard or in a nearby
yard with a friend. It's fantastic."

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Bangor Daily News


                             748 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                             June 1, 2005 Wednesday
                                  ALL EDITION

AG NEWS

SECTION: CAPITAL REGION BUSINESS JOURNAL; Pg. 36

LENGTH: 636 words


In its first year of operation, the Wisconsin Dairy Business Innovation Center
has helped dozens of businesses seeking to enter niches in their markets.

With support from the state Department of Agriculture, Trade and Consumer
Protection and $2 million in federal money for its first year, the center helped
87 businesses that have opened or expanded six plants.

"We thought we would get about 30 people the first year, and we had (nearly)
100," said center manager Dan Carter said. "We were very lucky we were at the
right place at the right time."

The center is also helping producers to make better cheeses in the Old World
style. With help from the state Agriculture Department and UW-Madison's Babcock
Institute for international dairy research, the center has sent Wisconsin
cheesemakers to Switzerland, England and France to study techniques such as
aging and finishing cheeses in manmade caves.

Farmers struggling on two fronts

Area farmers are facing a squeeze: rising energy costs and lower prices for the
goods they produce, and that can affect both rural communities and the entire
state. In Dane County, for instance, growers and food processors sent $3.2
billion cycling through the local economy in 2000.

The cost of energy, from the electric bill to the price at the pump, will be a
big factor in determining this year's profits. Nationwide, the U.S. Department
of Agriculture estimated that farmers this year will pay $8.2 billion for fuel
and oil, up almost 21 percent from 2003.

"They're taking it in stride," Landmark energy division manager Mike Bandt said.
"But there's not going to be a lot of extra cash floating around come fall."

One bright spot for dairy farmers is the relatively high price of milk. In
March, the price paid nationwide for milk used to make cheese was $14.08 for
11.6 gallons. But UW-Madison dairy economist Ed Jesse said it's highly unlikely
that this year's milk prices would reach 2004's record levels of more than $20,
or that farm profits in the state would reach last year's mark of $1.8 billion.

New 'Farm Fresh Atlas'

The 2005 "Farm Fresh Atlas" has a new look - an expanded booklet format that
makes it easier to find specific farms and food.

The free guide includes more than 100 farms, farmers' markets and food-related
businesses that pledge to protect the land and water resources, treat animals
with care and respect, and provide safe working conditions for their employees.

The atlas is available at many farmers' markets (including the Saturday but not
Wednesday Dane County Farmers' Market), public libraries, farms, food co-ops and
other area businesses. For a complete list of distribution sites, visit
www.reapfoodgroup.org/atlas/index.htm.

The "Farm Fresh Atlas" is a collaborative project of REAP Food Group, the Dane
County Farmers' Market, the UW-Madison Center for Integrated Agricultural
Systems, and the Friends of the Dane County Farmers' Market.

Federal agency recognizes Eagle Mortgage lender

SPRING GREEN - The U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural Development agency
recently presented a Million Dollar Lender Award to Pat Keppler of Eagle
Mortgage.

The award recognizes lenders who have played a significant role in the success
of Rural Development's Guaranteed Rural Housing program in Wisconsin.

Recipients used more than $1 million from the program in 2004 to finance home
purchases.

Netherlands dairy moving to Sauk County

PRAIRIE DU SAC - A dairy in the Netherlands has received a $262,500 loan from
the state to relocate its operations to Sauk County.

According to a news release from the Department of Commerce, the loan will help
Griesen Dairy with its $2.4 million relocation plan and will help pay for 525
cows. The loan is a part of the state's Milk Volume Production program.

The dairy is buying 40 acres in Prairie du Sac and will create seven jobs.

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Digest

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2005 Madison Newspapers, Inc.


                             749 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Herald (Harare)

                               November 28, 2013

Housing - a Basic Human Right

BYLINE: Pardon Gotora

LENGTH: 1751 words


HOUSING shortages have been stalking Zimbabweans for many years now. The harsh
economic situation that dogged the country for almost a decade made the
situation worse as land prices and the cost of building materials were beyond
many locals' reach with only a few Zimbabweans in the Diaspora managing to buy
stands.

Housing is an important issue that keeps many Zimbabweans, especially the
urbanites, awake at night as they ponder what to do to own one.

The general definition of a house is a building or dwelling in which people
live. The United Nations Habitat Agenda defines housing as a basic human right,
which must be accorded to all regardless of gender, colour, race, religion or
any other discriminatory milieu.

Similarly, the Constitution of Zimbabwe Amendment (No. 20) venerates the same
and states that "the State and all agencies of Government at every level must
take reasonable legislative and other measures, within the limits of the
resources available to them, to enable every person to have access to adequate
shelter".

Some questions that are likely to come up would be:

Are the mere walls and the roofs over the head regarded as decent houses for the
people, both in the rural and urban ambiance?

Is the shell enough to be called decent accommodation?

What would be the best way to describe decent accommodation or decent shelter?

It goes without say that housing provision goes beyond just a four-walled
building under asbestos or a round thatched hut in which many people in rural
areas live. There are attendant amenities that create sustainable human
habitation with due regards to the environment.

Some of the amenities include water and sanitation, access roads, schools,
clinics, recreational facilities, churches, power and energy and sources of
employment, to mention but these few. However, the Government is seized with
insurmountable challenges of providing decent housing to the people of Zimbabwe.

Inasmuch as there is demand for housing in the rural areas, the effects manifest
and are much felt in the urban areas. For the former, it is more about the
quality of the houses, access to safe drinking water and sanitation, access to
sources of power and energy.

There is a tendency to cast a blind eye to the rural areas on most of the
projects planned and implemented by institutions in the housing sector. The main
reason for such "neglect" is the economic value that decision- makers attach to
the investments in rural housing.

The conception is that no investor "in their right frame of mind" would want to
put money on rural housing since there will be no returns on such investment.
The property does not attract any value, hence it is not worthy investing in.

Consequently, rural housing comes at the periphery of the planning horizon of
any institution involved in housing development. In various fora that I have
been privileged to attend, there has been a lot of talk about rural housing and
numerous documents have been written about the same, but just good enough for
the library. Little initiatives have been witnessed and the majority of our
rural settlements are unplanned, which render the provision of adequate water
and sanitation and all the other attendant amenities challenging.

For instance, how would you electrify the homesteads in the Gotora village in
Uzumba under Chief Nyajina where it is even difficult to describe the settlement
pattern found there? For lack of a better word, I would rather describe the
settlement as haphazard.

The pattern is often determined by the number of children that the father has.
With the approval of the village head, the father subdivides his portion to
accommodate his sons and on rare occasions daughters. It is often subsumed the
daughter will marry and stay with her husband at her in-laws homestead. It will
be the obligation of her "new" parents to find her where to build her own house
to live.

The few accommodated daughters might be those divorced or widowed and chased
away by their in-laws.

The Government has prioritised housing provision since independence as
vindicated by annual budgetary allocations. They have even attempted to address
the issue of rural housing by creating a stand-alone Ministry of Rural Housing
and Social Amenities in 2005.

Although the ministry endeavoured to make an instant impact their efforts were
like a drop in the ocean compared to the demand for decent rural housing.

This could be attributed to underfunding and the sanctions-induced
hyperinflation obtaining from the year the ministry was created until the
creation of the Government of National Unity in 2009 and the adoption of the
multi-currency system in Zimbabwe.

From 2009 to August 2013, there was yet another ministry responsible for housing
provision known as Ministry of National Housing and Social Amenities.

All these efforts by the Government indicate the magnitude of the challenge at
hand-fighting homelessness and also show the determination by President Mugabe
to address the people's needs.

On the other hand, the demand for housing in the urban areas has far-reaching
consequences than in the rural areas. Urbanisation has taken its toll on all of
the developing countries worldwide, and Zimbabwe is no exception. After
independence in 1980, the Government of Zimbabwe repealed all the laws that
prohibited the free movement of people to areas of their choice.

Hitherto, the black majority were regarded as migrant workers who were only
allowed in towns and cities during the tenure of their employment, after which
they would go back to their reserves (kuruzevha).Therefore, they were not
allowed to own houses in urban areas and there was a cosmetic demand for
housing, which was a prerogative of the white minority.

This ideology even affected the land use planning then, where the planners were
planning for a smaller population in terms of the roads, sewer and water
extraction and treatment facilities and electricity. There was no anticipation
of regime change by the settler government despite all the revolutionary
pointers obtaining then.

At independence, the status quo was upended and the black majority began to
enjoy freedom of movement. Those sitting tenants who were in Government/ council
rented-houses were offered those same houses with a repayment period of up to 25
years.

The urban areas began to witness the influx of people looking for greener
pastures, which magnifies the notion that cities are magnets of hope. But this
rural-urban migration brought with it challenges, which the Government had to
tackle resoundingly. The supply side could not match the enormous demand brought
about by this rural-urban migration.

The existing infrastructure could no longer cope with increasing population in
the cities and towns.

Resultantly, the sewer and water pipes have continued to burst, which makes them
even more expensive to maintain. The local authorities, who are the planning
authorities in their areas of jurisdiction, have failed to fully service and
maintain the infrastructure due to lack of adequate capital.

This has even hampered the opening of new townships in the urban areas due to
lack of off-site and on-site infrastructure. The Government and local
authorities have run short of serviced land or even land that is closer to
existing infrastructure.

Some of the councils have resorted to creating infill stands to maximise on the
existing infrastructure, a situation which has to some extent compromised on the
environment since some of the pieces of land are on wetlands which must be
preserved.

Meanwhile, failure by Government to meet the ballooning housing demand led to
the colossal mushrooming of informal settlements, side-buildings on existing
stands, overcrowding in most high-density suburbs, unsanctioned connections of
water, sewer and electricity among other challenges. The informal settlements
dearth for proper water and sanitation facilities, lacks security of tenure and
pose a greater risk of chronic diseases outbreak, and endanger the environment.

The UN Human Settlement Programme (UN-Habitat in Mozambique), in its
publication,"Slum Upgrading and Vulnerability Reduction in Mozambique",
intimated that the living conditions for the majority of the urban population in
Mozambique are not dissimilar to those found in other rapidly urbanising
countries, particularly in Africa.

The conditions are characterised by unplanned settlements, which house over 70
percent of the population in Mozambique, the vast majority of whom live in
overcrowded conditions and lack access to secure tenure, structurally sound
housing, and improved water and sanitation. In most developing countries,
Zimbabwe included, informal settlements often grow at a rate far surpassing the
rate of investment in urban infrastructure and the requisite services.

In view of the extent of the challenges in providing decent housing to the
people, concerted effort is required from all the stakeholders in the housing
sector.

The Government, the local authorities, professional bodies such as planners,
engineers and architects, research institutions like universities and
polytechnic colleges; land developers, banks and building societies;
community-based organisations, non-governmental organisations; and the community
itself among other stakeholders should join forces to tackle homelessness.

We used to have a slogan "Housing for all by 2020", but this has since gone into
oblivion. Whatever the target the sector has agreed upon, it requires not
individual efforts, but we need to join hands as a nation.

I hope the Ministry of Local Government, Public Works and National Housing will
be instrumental in re-energising the stakeholders and bring a breath of fresh
air. My plea to the ministry would be to re-align their priorities and bring
rural housing on the radar.

The issue goes beyond just the communal areas and the old resettlements. We now
have the new farmers who were resettled under the Government's land reform
programme on the eve of the new millennium and they must be taken care of in
terms of housing provision.

Whether the Government will provide afford-able loans or construct houses
remains to be seen.

Hopefully, the ministry has the prototype designs for a typical homestead like
the ones used to build model homesteads for some of our traditional leaders.

Pardon Gotora is a Housing Officer in the Ministry of Local Government, Public
Works and National Housing. The views and opinions expressed in this article are
personal and do not in any way reflect those of the ministry.

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             750 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     July 17, 1980, Thursday, Final Edition

NE Hechinger Mall Site Picketed by 100 Workers

BYLINE: By Courtland Milloy, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: First Section; A32

LENGTH: 560 words


About 100 demonstrators marched on the site of the Hechinger Mall in Northeast
Washington yesterday, protesting what they said was the failure of mall
contractors to hire neighborhood blacks as construction workers in accordance
with the District of Columbia's residential employment plan.

The mall's owner, John Hechinger Jr., a prominent liberal Democrat who is active
in D.C. politics, said he was "shocked and disappointed" that he had been
targeted for protest.

"We probably have the best affirmative action of any construction site in town,"
Hechinger said.  "I don't know why they are doing this to us."

Hechinger said that 33 percent of the construction work on the $10 million mall
has been assigned to minority firms.  He added that 41 percent of those on the
construction work force are District of Columbia residents.

City and federal regulations stipulate the project, which has received a $3.5
million federal loan through the D.C. Department of Housing and Community
development, must hire, whenever pososible, minority residents from the
riot-scarred H Street NE area.

Although no official hiring goal has been set for the Hechinger site, Mayor
Marion Barry recently set a 51 percent minority hiring goal for the Convention
Center project.  Community activists in turn have adopted that figure for other
construction sites.

"So the Godfather of D.C. is shocked, huh?" said Rev. Stan Barry, director of
the H Street Project Area Committee, which maintains a pool of construction
workers available for work on the Mall project.  "Well, I'm shocked, too.  Only
18 people from our community have been hired.  It doesn't make me feel good to
have to protest against John, but I made commitments too, and my credibility is
on the line."

The demonstrators also criticized the District of Columbia government for
"failure to enforce its own laws," particularly those requiring apprenticeship
programs in the construction field.  Although the Hechinger Mall has an
apprenticeship plan that has been approved by the D.C. Apprenticeship Council,
no apprentices have been indentured so far, according to council staff.  The
project is expected to be completed in April.

After the demonstration yesterday, formal complaints were lodged against the
project with the D.C. Office of Human Rights, the D.C. Department of Employment
Services and the city's Department of Housing and Community Development.

Each of these agencies has contract compliance review offices that can
investigate the complaints.  Although none of them can stop payment of the loan
to the project, they could find it in "noncompliance," and jeopardize future
grant monies for other projects.

"We refuse to tolerate government indifference, incompetence and inaction any
longer," said Charles Richardson, head of the D.C. Jobs Coalition.  "The failure
of the government to conduct adequate reviews, failure of the contractors to
comply with federal payroll guidelines and failure to enforce laws pertaining to
aprenticeship job training through systematic discrimination have led to adverse
impact of the quality of life on minorities and women in our city," she said.

Other participants in the demonstration included the Washington Building Trade
Council, which is upset because only seven of the 30 contractors working on the
Mall are unionized.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1980 The Washington Post


                             751 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              Western Morning News

                           October 15, 2015 Thursday

SECTION: BUSINESS:CONSUMER; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 811  words


Stop wasting   farm land

The debate about the sell-off of social housing, like the debate about
house-building, seems always to omit the most crucial factor.

The popular equation balances people, houses and money to try and find a
solution to the need, in the Northern hemisphere, to shelter everybody. It
doesn't take Einstein to realise that something's missing!

The factor which is missing   is land. It is important because, even the most
prosperous (or indebted!) of second/third/fourth home owners will gain no
enjoyment  in value if there is nothing in the larder and nothing on the tap to
eat or drink. No amount of pluralist votes in any number of elections will help.
How much land do we need for food, energy, fuel, or for woodland, medicine or
for its own sake? Surely, in planning our use of land, we should be balancing
and managing this most finite of resources.

If we consume too much land by building houses to replace those with which we
over-feed the investment industry, the visitor trade and town centre office
demand, and add to this the town centre obsession with only using the ground
floor, leaving hundreds, if not thousands (in Cornwall alone) of perfectly good
dwellings in semi-dereliction 'over the shop', then the outcome is inevitable -
we will clutch parched throats and aching bellies under luxurious roofs and will
fight each other for scraps.

The imminent sell-off of housing association  stock, built with public money to
meet the needs of those increasingly excluded from the   wasteful housing
so-called 'market', and the blithe assurance that it'll be all right because we
will build more and more, rings hollow.

In a society which has institutionalised the food bank, which is held to annual
ransom by a private sector water companyremains obscurely unaccountable to those
whose resources it controls, and where we pay subsidies to increasing numbers
who can't afford payments on homes which their owners (landlords or banks) have
to levy in turn, to meet the costs of the loans which enable them to own, build
and 'profit', we are risking both peace and financial credibility!

Planning' applications over the past generation  no longer  concern  'brown'
land, or occasional fields - they now consume farms, and are beginning to
consume clusters of farms. The erstwhile Truro Area Local Plan postulated the
removal over 15 years of 17 farms from within a 12-mile radius of this town -
that is, a town put there to serve the concentrated area of high quality
farmland. The whole thing is driven by a system obsessed with servicing a
bureaucratic invention dubbed 'the five year land supply' - as if land is
manufactured somewhere up a Norwegian fjord!

With the Cornwall Local Plan  in the offing, and with globalism, climate change,
austerity, population growth and ageing now directly affecting the resilience of
our society  is it time to re-focus the planning system, the assumptions of the
'market', and the husbandry of public resources. Selling housing association
homes is as  stupid a form of anti-social behaviour as is flogging council
houses or spitting in the street!

Bert Biscoe

Truro

Privacy lesson delivered by drone

I wonder if Cllr Daw, whose privacy was invaded by a drone flying over her
property at Tiverton, has ever voted in favour of CCTV?

If so, her protest (WMN October 8) would appear to be a case of double
standards. While municipal snoops can spy on people with impunity, those elected
to public office cry 'not in my backyard.

Hopefully, Cllr Daw now has a better understanding of what civil liberties are
all about.

Keith Sharp

Torquay

Don't give refugees  more than OAPs

I know I have said this before - but it needs saying again. If a single senior
citizen is expected to pay his or her rent, rates, electricity, gas, water,
etc., on the present pension,  then any immigrant should be expected to do the
same. None should  receive one penny more.

Mike Bennett

Barnstaple

Villages need small scale developments

Many of  rural communities are struggling to retain their existing facilities,
such as shops,  and school etc because of the lack of new housing. Planners cite
CO2 emissions for refusing new housing, but emissions will rise when rural
dwellers have to travel when existing facilities disappear. East Devon has had a
consultation on the removal of Built Up Area Boundaries around villages.  It
stated 'We do not want to increase levels of development in our rural
settlements and are not seeking additional sites for housing'. Our rural
communities do not need large housing estates but we do need  small scale
developments.

Robert Persey

Honiton

Sick of Martin's   flu laments

Martin Hesp on man flu: "I don't want to talk about it, moan about it, seek help
or advice about it".  So how come he fills one third of a page in your edition
of   October 10 talking about it?

David G Tubby

Ilfracombe

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2015 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved


                             752 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                July 17, 1984, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

HOUSING, NEVER LIVED IN, BEING RAZED

BYLINE: By RICHARD L. MADDEN

SECTION: Section B; Page 2, Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 986 words

DATELINE: NAUGATUCK, Conn., July 16


The Naugatuck Heights Apartments, a cluster of 13 buildings that were to have
been homes for 135 families, are being demolished, after more than a decade of
litigation and controversy.

Built with a Federal loan guarantee in the early 1970's at a cost of about $4
million, the buildings stand on a steep, rocky hill with a sweeping view of the
lush, green valley of the Naugatuck River.



Occupancy Certificate Refused

But nobody ever lived there. Naugatuck officials, citing an array of building
code violations and alterations to the project's original design plans, refused
to grant a certificate of occupancy in 1973.

Over the next 11 years, the buildings, almost 95 percent completed and with the
kitchen appliances already installed, remained vacant and fell victim to
deterioration and vandalism.

Earlier this year, the borough of Naugatuck sold the two-story buildings on the
13.45-acre site for about $1,000 each to salvagers, who are carting off the
plywood, the insulation and the roofing trusses for resale.

Demolition of the 11 remaining buildings is scheduled for completion by
November. Local officials hope to convert the site into a park in this old
factory town, just south of Waterbury, with a population of more than 27,000.



Glaring Example of Failure

As a federally aided housing project for low- to middle-income families, the
Naugatuck Heights Apartments were a glaring example of failure. What went wrong
at Naugatuck Heights is still a matter of dispute between Federal and local
officials.

''What a waste,'' said Chris Billings, 19 years old, as he kicked sheets of
plywood loose from a roof and loaded them into a pickup truck in front of the
building he and a partner bought.

''It was just a nightmare,'' Naugatuck's Mayor, William C. Rado, said today in
an interview. ''I'm sure the Federal Government is happy to get rid of it, and
so are we.''

''I would say it's unique,'' Mary Lou Crane, a special assistant in the Hartford
office of the Federal Department of Housing and Urban Development, said of the
project's failure. ''It's the only one we had.''

Naugatuck officials, such as Mayor Rado, said H.U.D. should never have
guaranteed the loan to build a project on what they said was a rocky, hilly site
unsuitable for that number of buildings. ''There's a multitude of sins up there,
in my opinion,'' Mr. Rado said of the project.

Federal officials said the issuance of the building permits that allowed
construction to start was a local responsibility. ''You don't let a project go
that far and decide you don't like it,'' said Mrs. Crane of the H.U.D. Hartford
office.



Origins Lost in Obscurity

The origins of the project have been lost in obscurity with town and Federal
records in storage and not readily available and the original participants no
longer involved with the project.

According to the files of The Naugatuck Daily News, the project was conceived in
1969, and a private partnership called Naugatuck Associates began construction
in 1971, with the Federal Government guaranteeing a $2.5 million mortgage. The
guarantee was part of a housing program, which is no longer available, under
which the Federal Government subsidized the interest costs of projects to hold
down the rents.

Although a H.U.D. architect warned in 1972 that the building site was extremely
rugged, the nearly completed project was not halted until 1973. Naugatuck
refused to issue a certificate of occupancy, and the Federal Government refused
to increase its loan guarantee to permit the construction of retaining walls and
other design changes.

Wash of Boulders and Water


''I'm the one who put the stopper to it,'' said Mr. Rado, a Democrat who was
first elected Mayor in 1973.

He said the developers had not followed their original design plans that had
been submitted to obtain a building permit. He said that the grade of the road
winding up the hill among the buildings was too steep, that the rocky ledges
should not have been built upon and that boulders and water washed down from the
site onto the property of neighboring homeowners.

''The place wasn't fit for anything,'' Mr. Rado said. ''If you took the wrong
step out the door you were in trouble. I don't know how the hell they got a
building permit in the first place.''

''I'm sure somebody made big bucks,'' he said of the project, but he said he was
never able to establish who or how much.

After the project was stopped in 1973, there was prolonged litigation, according
to Federal officials, and the Federal Government finally foreclosed and took
title to the property in 1981.

Records Not Available

H.U.D. officials said they could not estimate the financial loss to the Federal
Government because the records were not available, but local news accounts have
put the loss at more than $3 million.

In 1982, H.U.D. sold the property to Naugatuck for $40,000, touching off a long
dispute over what the borough's government should do with the property.

Naugatuck residents in a referendum in late 1982 voted by a 3-to-1 margin to
tear down all the remaining buildings instead of trying to retain a few of them
for conversion into condominiums.

''It's a shame the three or four buildings at the bottom of the hill had to
go,'' the Mayor said. ''They could have helped someone out.''

Naugatuck is growing and could use the housing, he said.

Before selling the buildings to salvagers earlier this year, Naugatuck conducted
a raffle and sold the kitchen appliances and plumbing fixtures to local
residents. ''At least some people got some good from it,'' the Mayor said.

Standing on a roofing truss the other day, Mr. Billings looked down through the
skeleton of the building he was demolishing.

''The buildings were well built, I'll say that,'' he said. ''Look at those oak
parquet floors. You don't see that in too many buildings these days.''


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo of Naugatuck Apts.

                   Copyright 1984 The New York Times Company


                             753 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            South China Morning Post

                            November 22, 2010 Monday

Rise in spending power is luring major developers

BYLINE: Peggy Sito

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 02

LENGTH: 802 words


Policy risk is driving both developers and foreign investment funds away from
the mainland residential market and towards commercial property, say analysts.

And it is a trend that, once under way, could continue for several years.

In addition to the "push" factor of increased risk caused by the introduction of
measures aimed at curbing the growth in home prices, the shift in focus has
arisen because of the rise in consumer spending  power.

Beginning in April this year, the government in Beijing has announced a series
of measures to take the speculative heat out of the residential market, included
the tightening of residential development loans to developers, increasing
mortgage rates and cutting mortgage loans to individuals.

Norman Krone, president of NK Real Estate Advisors, a Florida-based property
consultant with an office in Shanghai, says this is leading developers and
investors to put greater emphasis on retail real estate.

He believes the trend will last for many years.

A number of big developers are currently raising their investments in retail
properties in Beijing.

China Vanke, the mainland's largest public-listed residential developer in terms
of market capitalisation, is building a 100,000 square metre shopping centre and
Sino-Ocean Land, in a venture with Swire Properties, is constructing an 860,000
square metre mall, also in Beijing.

Hong Kong-based New World China last week said it had teamed up with a local
developer to buy a  residential and commercial site in Beijing for 820 million
yuan (HK$956 million).

The 267,918 square metre site in the Shunyi district could include housing and
offices and provide a total gross floor area of 200,012 square metres.

Also last week, Shui On Construction and Materials last week said it bought a
51,000 square metre space at a commercial project in Shanghai's Pudong financial
district for about one billion yuan.

Grosvenor Fund Management, partly owned by the privately-owned international
property development and fund management group Grosvenor of Britain, recently
acquired a 126,000 square metre retail development in Shanghai for 1.7 billion
yuan.

Stanley Ching, senior managing director and head of real estate at Citic Capital
Holdings, said property investors were exploring what they saw as the next big
sub-markets as policy risks in the housing sector grew.

Citic Capital is developing a shopping centre in Changsha and says it will shift
its focus to the retail sector in the future.

On the back of an expanding residential market, an improvement in domestic
consumption will increase the need for retail properties, investors said.

China's retail sales of consumer goods grew 18.6 per cent in October year on
year as the fastest growth among major economies spurred spending.

Urban consumption hit 1.24 trillion yuan in October, up 18.9 per cent year on
year. Rural residents spent 188.9 billion yuan on consumption goods in October,
up 16.8 per cent year on year, according to the  National Statistics Bureau.

"Many retailers from Asia, including Hong Kong, are entering China in view of
this growing consumption power. It is the right time to build the platform,"
said Ding Hui, managing director of Inter Ikea Centre Group China (IICC).

Tapping into the rising consumption power in the world's most populous nation,
IICC is building shopping centres in Beijing, Wuhan and Wuxi at a total
investment cost of US$1.2 billion. As China's economy expands, domestic
consumption will rise, said Ding, and this process is now well under way, based
on Ikea's own experience since it started operating on the mainland 12 years
ago.

It very quickly saw its Shenzhen and Chengdu outlets topping the list of the
group's 300-plus shops in terms of turnover growth, said Ding.

International retailers have their eyes on this growth potential, with retailers
in Singapore, Hong Kong, Korea and Japan entering the market.

"There is a huge consumption potential in the market. Urbanisation is growing at
a fast pace and the government makes a lot of effort in the development of
infrastructure. That benefits the development of retail properties," said Ding.

Krone said the trend by investors to place greater emphasis on retail properties
was likely to continue.

"The official policy of the central government is to encourage spending of some
of the increased incomes on consumer goods instead of just saving the additional
amounts.

"This indicates the average citizen will increasingly become a shopper or buyers
of consumer goods."

In view of the positive outlook, Ding said IICC was looking at the
possibilities presented by expanding in Shanghai. "Ikea, the home furnishing
retailer, plans to open 18 outlets by 2015. We hope to follow this step," he
said.

Meanwhile, he was not concerned about an oversupply of shopping centres on the
mainland.

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Booming trade at a Beijing mall. Mainland retail sales in the year to
October rose 18.6 per cent as a growing economy spurred spending. Photo:
Bloomberg

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 South China Morning Post Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             754 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            South China Morning Post

                            November 22, 2010 Monday

Rise in spending power is luring major developers

BYLINE: Peggy Sito

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 02

LENGTH: 802 words


Policy risk is driving both developers and foreign investment funds away from
the mainland residential market and towards commercial property, say analysts.

And it is a trend that, once under way, could continue for several years.

In addition to the "push" factor of increased risk caused by the introduction of
measures aimed at curbing the growth in home prices, the shift in focus has
arisen because of the rise in consumer spending  power.

Beginning in April this year, the government in Beijing has announced a series
of measures to take the speculative heat out of the residential market, included
the tightening of residential development loans to developers, increasing
mortgage rates and cutting mortgage loans to individuals.

Norman Krone, president of NK Real Estate Advisors, a Florida-based property
consultant with an office in Shanghai, says this is leading developers and
investors to put greater emphasis on retail real estate.

He believes the trend will last for many years.

A number of big developers are currently raising their investments in retail
properties in Beijing.

China Vanke, the mainland's largest public-listed residential developer in terms
of market capitalisation, is building a 100,000 square metre shopping centre and
Sino-Ocean Land, in a venture with Swire Properties, is constructing an 860,000
square metre mall, also in Beijing.

Hong Kong-based New World China last week said it had teamed up with a local
developer to buy a  residential and commercial site in Beijing for 820 million
yuan (HK$956 million).

The 267,918 square metre site in the Shunyi district could include housing and
offices and provide a total gross floor area of 200,012 square metres.

Also last week, Shui On Construction and Materials last week said it bought a
51,000 square metre space at a commercial project in Shanghai's Pudong financial
district for about one billion yuan.

Grosvenor Fund Management, partly owned by the privately-owned international
property development and fund management group Grosvenor of Britain, recently
acquired a 126,000 square metre retail development in Shanghai for 1.7 billion
yuan.

Stanley Ching, senior managing director and head of real estate at Citic Capital
Holdings, said property investors were exploring what they saw as the next big
sub-markets as policy risks in the housing sector grew.

Citic Capital is developing a shopping centre in Changsha and says it will shift
its focus to the retail sector in the future.

On the back of an expanding residential market, an improvement in domestic
consumption will increase the need for retail properties, investors said.

China's retail sales of consumer goods grew 18.6 per cent in October year on
year as the fastest growth among major economies spurred spending.

Urban consumption hit 1.24 trillion yuan in October, up 18.9 per cent year on
year. Rural residents spent 188.9 billion yuan on consumption goods in October,
up 16.8 per cent year on year, according to the  National Statistics Bureau.

"Many retailers from Asia, including Hong Kong, are entering China in view of
this growing consumption power. It is the right time to build the platform,"
said Ding Hui, managing director of Inter Ikea Centre Group China (IICC).

Tapping into the rising consumption power in the world's most populous nation,
IICC is building shopping centres in Beijing, Wuhan and Wuxi at a total
investment cost of US$1.2 billion. As China's economy expands, domestic
consumption will rise, said Ding, and this process is now well under way, based
on Ikea's own experience since it started operating on the mainland 12 years
ago.

It very quickly saw its Shenzhen and Chengdu outlets topping the list of the
group's 300-plus shops in terms of turnover growth, said Ding.

International retailers have their eyes on this growth potential, with retailers
in Singapore, Hong Kong, Korea and Japan entering the market.

"There is a huge consumption potential in the market. Urbanisation is growing at
a fast pace and the government makes a lot of effort in the development of
infrastructure. That benefits the development of retail properties," said Ding.

Krone said the trend by investors to place greater emphasis on retail properties
was likely to continue.

"The official policy of the central government is to encourage spending of some
of the increased incomes on consumer goods instead of just saving the additional
amounts.

"This indicates the average citizen will increasingly become a shopper or buyers
of consumer goods."

In view of the positive outlook, Ding said IICC was looking at the
possibilities presented by expanding in Shanghai. "Ikea, the home furnishing
retailer, plans to open 18 outlets by 2015. We hope to follow this step," he
said.

Meanwhile, he was not concerned about an oversupply of shopping centres on the
mainland.

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Booming trade at a Beijing mall. Mainland retail sales in the year to
October rose 18.6 per cent as a growing economy spurred spending. Photo:
Bloomberg

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 South China Morning Post Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             755 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                               February 24, 1997

Housing Aspects of the Budget

BYLINE: BY ROBERT RUBIN, Secretary of the Treasury

SECTION: OPEN FORUM; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 811 words

HIGHLIGHT: Mr. Rubin recently spoke at a session of the House Ways and Means
Committee, where he discussed President Clinton's budget proposal for fiscal
year 1998.  A section of his statement is presented as our Open Forum.


The Budget expands the availability of deductible individual retirement accounts
(IRAs) by doubling, over time, the current income limits for deductible
contributions.  In 1997 through 1999, eligibility would be phased out for
couples filing joint returns with adjusted gross incomes between $ 70,000 and $
90,000 ($ 45,000 and $ 65,000 for single filers).

Beginning in 2000, eligibility would be phased out for couples filing joint
returns with AGI between $ 80,000 and $ 100,000 ($ 50,000 and $ 70,000 for
single filers).  The income phase out, as well as the $ 2,000 annual
contribution limit, would be indexed for inflation beginning in 2001.  As under
current law, any individual who is not an active participant and whose spouse is
not an active participant in an employer-sponsored plan would be eligible for
deductible IRAs without regard to their income.

In addition, beginning in 1997, taxpayers would have the options of either
deducting the amount deposited in an IRA account, or foregoing an immediate
deduction and be free of tax and penalties when the funds are withdrawn from a
new Special IRA provided the funds remain in the Special IRA for at least five
years.

Finally, penalty-free early withdrawals from either type of IRA would be
expanded to include withdrawals to pay for higher education costs, first-home
purchases, long-term unemployment and catastrophic medical costs of certain
family members not covered under current law.

The Budget provides substantial simplification and tax relief for millions of
Americans by replacing the current-law tax treatment of capital gains on home
sales with an exclusion of up to $ 500,000 of gain for married taxpayers filing
joint returns ($ 250,000 for other taxpayers).  The exclusion is available every
two years, so long as the taxpayer used the house as a principal residence for
at least two of the five years prior to the sale.  The exclusion generally
applies to sales on or after January 1, 1997.

The Budget will spur private-sector participants in revitalizing distressed
communities and generate job opportunities for long-term welfare recipients.

To encourage companies to clean up abandoned, contaminated industrial properties
located in distressed communities, remediation costs incurred in connection with
the abatement or control of certain environmental contaminants would be
immediately deductible if incurred for a qualified site.

Qualified sites include business or income-producing properties located in
specified high-poverty areas where it has been certified that hazardous
substances are present or potentially present in the property.  The deduction
would be subject to recapture as ordinary income upon a subsequent disposition
of the property at a gain.  The proposal would apply to expenses incurred after
the date of enactment.

The Secretary of Housing and Urban Development would be authorized to designate
two urban empowerment zones in addition to the six urban and three rural zones
designated on December 21, 1994.  This would have the effect of extending the
current empowerment zone tax incentives to these additional areas, with
technical modifications.

In addition, 20 additional empowerment zones and 80 additional enterprise
communities, which will be subject to modified eligibility criteria, would be
authorized.  These additional zones would have available a different combination
of tax incentives than those available to existing zones.

Among the 20 zones, 15 would be in urban areas and five would be in rural areas.
The 80 communities would be divided between 50 urban areas and 30 rural areas.
Areas within Indian reservations would be eligible for designation.

The Community Development Banking and Financial Institutions Act of 1994 created
the Community Development Financial Institutions (CDFI) Fund to provide equity
investments, grants, loans and technical assistance to financial institutions
that have community development as their primary mission.

The Budget would make $ 100 million in nonrefundable tax credits available to
the CDFI Fund to allocate among equity investors between 1997 and 2006.  The
allocation of credits is capped at 25% of the amount invested in any project and
would be determined by the CDFI Fund using a competitive process.

The goal of the Welfare Reform Act of 1996 (the Welfare Act) is to move
individuals from welfare to work.  To help achieve this goal, the Budget
includes a new welfare-to-work credit that would enable employers to claim a 50%
credit on the first $ 10,000 of annual wages paid to certain long-term public
assistance recipients for up to two years.

In addition, the Budget would expand the existing Work Opportunity Tax Credit to
include able-bodied adults, ages 18-50, who have met their responsibilities
under the law but are subject to the time limits for food stamps.

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture, no caption

                         Copyright 1997 Faulkner & Gray


                             756 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Dalal Street Investment Journal

                          August 21, 2016 6:30 AM EST

Interview: CFHL Using Technology to Increase its Operational Landscape

LENGTH: 583  words


S K Hota, Managing Director Can Fin Homes Ltd.

Net profits for Q1 FY 17 grew by 55 per cent YoY at Rs 4,972.99 Lakhs. What in
your view has led to such a steady growth?

Our Net Profit for Q1 FY 17 has grown by 55% on YOY basis. It could be
attributed to the sustained loan book growth coupled with improved margins.
Backed by higher earnings and reduced cost of borrowing . Our Net Interest
Income (NII) has improved by 43% year on year, which is the major contributor.
This apart, our operating costs have been contained well as represented by a
reduced cost income ratio of 17.79%.



What is your view on Marginal Cost of Lending rate regime and are you able bring
your cost of borrowing down due to new lending rate regime?

The Marginal Cost of Lending (MCLR) rate regime has enabled us to reduce our
interest expenditure on borrowings from banks. Even though only 1/4th of our
funds requirement is sourced from bank loans, the benefit has accrued in terms
of reduction in overall cost of funds.

What are your expansion plans in near future? Any target set for setting up new
branches in coming quarters?

During the current year, we have opened 10 branches & 20 satellite offices
during April itself. With this, we have reached the milestone of 170 outlets
spread across 19 states. As an ongoing feature of our expansion plan, we propose
to keep expanding our network to potential locations, pan India.

Can you throw some numbers on Non housing loans portfolio and its growth with
specific reference to Loan for commercial properties, Loan Against Property,
Personal Loans, Flexi lap loans and Commercial Home Loans?

Our Non housing loans (NHL) portfolio for 2015-16 was Rs.1262 crore which
constitutes 12% of the loan book; around half of it is under mortgage loans
(LAP/ Flexi LAP) while the remaining half comprises of personal, site & other
non housing loans.

What is the rate at which you expect the housing finance industry to grow for
coming years? Do you see any pick up in prices of real estate soon?

Currently, real estate in our country is one of the major employers after
agriculture and the ensuing decade is expected to witness a decent growth in the
segment. As far as our company is concerned, 80% of our existing customer base
is from salaried class and most of them are first time home buyers. With the
implementation of seventh pay commission recommendations effective Aug 2016, we
expect a rise in demand for housing loans, as higher disposable income to fund
EMIs would encourage salaried class to decide on owning a house or to go for
expansion of old house. This apart, a good monsoon and the recent initiatives of
Government such as Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana and tax incentives for affordable
housing, we expect an uptrend in demand for home loans both in rural/semi-urban
areas and the outskirts of metros.

How is digitisation defining your business strategy and can you explain your
digitisation strategy to improve sales? Also how much is you spend on online
media?

Over the last few years, CFHL has used technology to enhance its operational
landscape. Core banking platform has given us a launch pad to scale up our
digital channel capabilities. Customers are now able to access their accounts
information with the help of our online services apart from mobile alerts &
missed call facilities. Most of our new customer acquisitions is from the youth
and 1st time home buyers, hence we are continuously upgrading our
tech-capabilities to match the taste & expectations of this segment.

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


            Copyright 2016 DSIJ Pvt Ltd.,distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             757 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Cornish Guardian

                           October 10, 2007 Wednesday

Construction starts at pioneering homes site

SECTION: Pg. 7

LENGTH: 403 words


Work has started on a unique affordable housing project in Rock.

It is the first in the country to be developed through a community land trust,
whereby local people have a real input in delivering the scheme.

Work on the 12 self-build bungalows is being undertaken by St Minver Community
Land Trust at Penmayne Farm, Rock.

Supported by a grant of £5,000 and a loan of £544,000 from North Cornwall
District Council, the scheme is aimed at helping local people get onto the
property ladder in one of the highest priced housing areas in England.

The community land trust was formed through an initiative by St Minver Highlands
and Lowlands parish councils and is a new way of delivering affordable housing
and ensuring future local control.

Celebrating the start of building work, chair of the trust, David Wills, said:
"This is the result of a lot of hard work by many people, and particularly the
late Bill Dingle who recognised that some-thing had to be done to help our young
people stay in their traditional community.

"Now that we have set up the community land trust we are hoping  this will be
the first of a number of schemes that will provide much-needed affordable
housing in the two parishes."

North Cornwall District Council chairman Graham Facks-Martin added: "This scheme
is another example of the people of North Cornwall leading the way in tackling
the issue of affordable housing and meeting the challenge to local communities
that it represents. Community land trusts are another part of the joined-up
approach adopted by the council in maintaining sustainable communities. The
scheme is another example of how funding from second homes council tax is
essential in enabling the delivery of new affordable homes."

The St Minver group has been advised and supported by Alan Fox, who is partly
funded by the county council and the Tudor Trust to encourage the formation of
community land trusts throughout Cornwall.

Based with Cornwall Rural Housing Association, he said: "This is the first
scheme to start in Cornwall and the first self-build scheme by a community land
trust anywhere in England. The Government is promoting this model and in North
Cornwall not only do we have a first with St Minver, but a second scheme which
is hoped to start at Blisland early in 2008. The learning curve that the St
Minver group has been through will be invaluable to other groups hoping to set
up trusts throughout the country."

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2007 Cornish Guardian
                              All Rights Reserved


                             758 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Charleston Daily Mail (West Virginia)

                            July 22, 2010, Thursday

Huntington accepts bid for industrial site

BYLINE: BRYAN CHAMBERS, THE HERALD-DISPATCH

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P5D

LENGTH: 415 words


HUNTINGTON - The Huntington Municipal Development Authority has accepted a bid
to sell the Huntington Industrial Center for $3.51 million.

The winning bid was one of two proposals submitted to purchase the old
Owens-Illinois factory property on Huntington's West End. Authority officials
will not divulge specific details on the winning bid until a deal is completed.
The other bid came in at $2.5 million, authority Executive Director Tom Bell
said Tuesday.

Both of the bids came from local business owners, even though the authority has
advertised the property to more than 135,000 commercial real estate brokers
across the country, Bell said.

The winning bidder would add more jobs and industrial equipment to his existing
business if he is able to acquire the Huntington Industrial Center, Bell said.

"Several factors are out of our control," he said. "The bidder is preparing a
loan application to the state Economic Development Authority to purchase the
property and more equipment for his business."

The authority also needs a release on the property from the U.S. Department of
Housing and Urban Development, which placed a lien on it when the authority
received a loan from HUD to build KineticPark.

The authority obtained $4.5 million in state and federal loans and grants to
renovate the Industrial Center property after the Owens-Illinois factory closed
in 1993, taking more than 600 jobs and $18 million in payroll with it.

Much of the sprawling 30-acre complex, which includes 545,000 square feet of
space in six buildings, has been vacant since SNE, a manufacturer of vinyl
windows and patio doors, halted production in May 2008. Robert C. Jones Alloys
is now the only tenant under roof.

The deal would also provide financial stability to the authority, which is in a
cash crunch because of revenue lost from tenants moving out of the Industrial
Center. Revenue from leases at the Industrial Center had gone toward paying down
state and federal loans for KineticPark, another authority-owned facility.

But KineticPark has struggled to attract tenants as well. Huntington has been
forced to use federal funding typically reserved for community-based projects
and its housing demolition program to make a $400,000 payment for KineticPark.

"This would provide an enormous boost to the HMDA directly and city indirectly,"
authority board member Chuck Polan said Tuesday. "We would no longer be
financially dependent on the city and might even be able to give a little back
every now and then."

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 Charleston Newspapers


                             759 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Deal/The Deal

                           December 16, 2008 Tuesday

Hope Mill to seek DIP

BYLINE: by Mike Schoeck

SECTION: BANKRUPTCY

LENGTH: 747 words



HIGHLIGHT: A judge will consider the disclosure statement for the real estate
developer and interim access to a $27.16 million postpetition loan.


Bankrupt Hope Mill Village Associates LLC hopes to begin building its future
free of Chapter 11 in the new year with approval of its disclosure statement.

Judge Arthur N. Votolato of the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the District of Rhode
Island in Providence is slated on Jan. 7 to consider the outline for the
reorganization plan of the Rhode Island real estate developer.

According to debtor counsel Kevin McKenna of the McKenna Law Offices in
Providence, the company plans to fund both the completion of its 34-acre
apartment complex and hydroelectric power plant project in Scituate, R.I., and
its reorganization with an interim $3.36 million tranche of a $27.16 million
debtor-in-possession loan.

McKenna said Votolato is scheduled to rule on the interim access to the DIP at
the Jan. 7 hearing. Belmar, N.J., mortgage lender Dougherty Mortgage LLC is
providing the postpetition loan, which must be underwritten by the U.S.
Department of Housing and Urban Development.

According to McKenna, both the DIP and its lender must meet the approval of HUD
because Hope Mill's development is designated as a rehabilitation project under
Section 221(d) of the National Housing Act, which governs affordable housing.

On Oct. 8, Dougherty submitted a $24.44 million loan proposal to Hope Mill for
the first 155-unit phase, plus another DIP proposal of $27.16 million for the
first two phases. Court documents indicated Hope Mill planned to use the larger
funding proposal.

According to the plan, the DIPs take the form of 40-year, first-lien
construction loans and bear interest at 6.5%.

Hope Mill's plans for its 207-unit eco-friendly apartment community call for it
to use hydroelectric power generated from the Pawtuxet River as well as solar
electric panels.

The project's first phase will renovate 155 units situated in the historic Home
Mill. The mill property was built in 1806 by Rhode Island governor Stephen
Hopkins, whose signature appears on the Declaration of Independence, McKenna
said.

The project's second phase will include 52 new riverfront apartments powered
solely by solar electricity. The apartments are adjacent to a six-acre state
park that Hope Mill is also developing.

McKenna said the apartments will average about $1,000 in monthly rent for
families.

The attorney said Hope Mill is currently in the midst of finalizing municipal
permits for the project, including the removal of individual septic tanks strewn
about the rural area and a new sewage system that would connect Hope Mill with
nearby Scituate and Hopkinton, R.I., each of which borders the Scituate
Reservoir and Pawtuxet River, where Hope Mill's property is located.

Under Hope Mill's proposed plan and disclosure statement, filed on Dec. 1,
secured creditors' claims of $5.04 million would be satisfied in full when the
DIP order is signed by HUD.

Allowed secured creditors include investors involved with funding the
residential project: Robert Laferriere ($4.25 million) of West Warwick. R.I.,
Patriots Home Site Inc. ($331,000) of Pawtucket, R.I., Sedona Associates
($234,000) of East Providence, R.I., and Hope Riverfront Condominiums LLC
($225,000) of Providence.

Priority claims to be paid in full under the plan include amounts owed to the
town of Scituate, R.I. ($35,000), utility company National Grid plc ($5,400) of
Northborough, Mass., the Kent County Water Authority ($1,632) of West Warwick,
R.I., and the state of Rhode Island ($1,545).

General unsecured creditors holding $948,031 in claims would see a full recovery
under the plan. These include Robinson Design Inc. ($411,000) of Smithfield,
R.I., Steven Miller Law Office ($102,300) of Providence, Lucille Marinelli
($100,000) of North Providence, R.I., Glen Ahlborg ($55,000) of North Kingstown,
R.I., and Bryant Associates Inc. ($16,425) of Boston.

Hope Mill is disputing the unsecured claims of Carole Thomasian, owed $6,450,
and Public Archeology Laboratory Inc., owed $4,000, both of Providence.

According to the plan, Hope Riverfront forced Hope Mill into receivership
earlier this year after its $225,000 deposit toward its $3.25 million proposed
purchase of Hope Mill's second phase on the project was rescinded and converted
to a promissory note and secondary mortgage lien.

Hope Mill filed for bankruptcy on Aug. 20.

According to McKenna, Hope Riverfront took the receivership action because the
investor thought its treatment became diminished and secondary in stature
following the conversion of its proposed purchase into a mortgage lien.

URL: http://www.TheDeal.com

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                        Copyright 2008 The Deal, L.L.C.


                             760 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             August 9, 1985 Friday

Housing decision angers native groups

BYLINE: BARBARA YAFFE; GAM

LENGTH: 708 words

DATELINE: Ottawa ONT


By  BARBARA YAFFE
                           Globe and Mail Reporter
    OTTAWA  - A federal decision to begin transferring responsibility for a
 major native housing program to the provinces has prompted the Native
 Council of Canada to set up a watchdog committee to make sure the
 Government delivers its promise to provide suitable native housing.

The council, claiming to represent 1.2 million non-status Indians and
 Metis, held a news conference here yesterday to protest against the
 federal Government's intention, then staged a protest march on Parliament
 Hill.

With fiery torches, representatives of various native groups circled a
 cringing beaver - actually a protester dressed in a rented furry outfit.
 The beaver symbolized Operation Beaver, a volunteer group that builds
 native housing and has had its federal financing cut to $200,000 this year
 from $655,000 last year.

But the axing of Operation Beaver's budget is only a part of the native
 peoples' concern. They are more concerned that responsibility for the 11-
 year-old federal rural and native housing program is to be handed over to
 provincial jurisdictions which they do not trust to protect their
 interests.

Louis (Smokey) Bruyere, president of the council, told reporters:
 'What that means is that we are going to be left out in the cold because
 the provinces have already stated they have no responsibility for native
 people. It is a federal responsiblity. So, if the federal Government is
 going to give them the program, where does that leave us? It leaves us
 out.'
    Sam Sinclair, president of the Metis Association of Alberta, said: 'As
 (Prime Minister Brian) Mulroney states it, he supports the self-
 determination (concept) to try to work toward our making decisions on
 behalf of our people.
    'Once this program goes to Alberta, they are taking away the little
 powers we did have and, as you know, at the First Ministers' conference,
 Alberta was the most opposed of any of the provinces on self-government.

If we allow the federal Government to give them more powers to block us, I
don't know where we go from here.'     The council invited representatives of
the native groups to Ottawa for  meetings on the issue, which began on Tuesday,
and were attended by  Gregory Fyffe, chief of staff to William McKnight, who has
Cabinet  responsibility for the Canada Mortgage and Housing Corp., and Robert
Warne, CMHC vice- president of programs.

Mr. Warne said in an interview later that he understands native
 concerns. 'Obviously some groups feel the federal Government is more
 sympathetic than the provincial governments. But the federal Government is
 committed (to the program) and if the program is transferred to the
 provinces, one of the criteria would be access by the native groups.'
    Mr. Warne said 'it is a complicated issue' and it may not be clear to
 everyone that jurisdiction for the program is being altered only in some
 provincial jurisdictions.

Mr. Warne said in recent years, because of lack of provincial support,
 the program has not operated in New Brunswick, Prince Edward Island,
 British Columbia or Quebec. Actual transfers of jurisdiction for the
 program for 1985 have been completed only in Newfoundland and
 Saskatchewan. Talks with the other provinces are ongoing.

Currently, CMHC provides funds to native housing councils and other
 contracted organizations to build 'off reserve' housing in rural and
 native communities, homes that are purchased by native and low- income
 people at 25 per cent of their income. Last year, about 3,600 homes were
 built at an average cost of $60,000 each.

Native people worry that if the provinces take over the program, they
 may not use the native housing councils to co-ordinate the home
 construction and they may concentrate on building rural housing for poor
 people rather than homes on sites near reserves which are harder to
 service and costlier to build because of their remoteness.

Spokesmen for the 18 native peoples' groups that gathered here said
 they were not properly consulted about the transfer of responsibility for
 the program.

Mr. Warne said he believed that the agency consulted with the native  groups
but, 'they obviously feel they haven't been adequately consulted,  so I guess
you have to report that.'

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1985 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             761 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring Middle East - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                            March 15, 2006 Wednesday

Iranian press reports 12 Mar 06 Majlis session

LENGTH: 2128 words


Text of report by the Iranian newspaper Keyhan and by the Iranian newspaper
Resalat on 13 March

Keyhan, 13 Mar 06

Majlis representatives allocated 430 billion Rials to be spent for the
improvement of housing in rural areas, the construction of infrastructures in
newly established towns and meeting the balance of profits and commissions for
the housing loans that are to be granted to janbazan [war invalids] above 25per
cent [percentage of injury to bodies of war invalids that make them eligible to
receive benefits from the government], families of martyrs and azadegan
[released prisoners of war].

At the yesterday's open session, debates on the parts of the 1385 budget bill on
expenditures continued. Seyedabadi, Majlis representative from Sabzevar,
proposed a return to note 6 of the administration-proposed budget bill that was
approved. According to paragraph A of this note, 430 billion Rials will be
allocated for the payment of a fund to balance the interests and commission at
banking loans that are to be granted to janbazan above 25per cent, the disabled
and families of martyrs, improve housing in rural areas, and the construction of
infrastructures in newly established towns - that have been approved by the
council of ministers, Supreme Urban Development and Architecture Council - and
preparing lands for families of martyrs, azadegan and janbazan.

In this connection, the Ministry of Housing and Urban Development shall endow
20per cent of apartments and houses to families of martyrs, janbazan and
azadegan through hire-purchase agreements.

According to paragraph D of note 6, a sum of 1,250 billion Rials will be
allocated for rural development, including the development of water facilities,
roads and education. Paragraph E' allows 100per cent of funds for rural
developmental projects, including water, roads and education to be allocated at
the proposal of the Deprived Areas Office of the Presidential Institute and
after the approval of the president.

Elsewhere, in order to accelerate the provision of housing for the disabled and
the poor people who are under the umbrella of the Welfare Organization, and
facilitating citizens' cooperation, the State Welfare Organization and welfare
offices in provinces will be allowed to pay 50per cent of the expense of
constructing houses up to fifty million Rials per person provided that 50per
cent of the expense is provided by charities.

30 billion Rials for joint border markets

By approving paragraph A of note 7 of the budget bill, Majlis representatives
furnished border provinces with 300 billion Rials for the execution of
developmental projects to construct joint border markets. These funds will be
spent according to agreements with the Management and Planning Organization.

Additionally, based on the proposal of Hassan Kamran, Majlis representative from
Isfahan, a rider was appended to paragraph B of this note. According to this
rider, for the purpose of protecting domestic products, helping the importation
of goods through customhouses, facilitating authorized commerce and combating
smuggling of goods and foreign currencies in 1385 by the optimization and
improvement of regulations and employing all administrative, judicial and
disciplinary facilities of the country, the exportation and importation of goods
by every natural person and legal entity, including civil and military forces
and non-profit organizations and charities, will be permitted only through
official channels that are supervised by the Customs. The import and export of
goods through channels other than customhouses will be regarded as an instance
of smuggling and the offenders will be treated according to the law.

Furthermore, the administration is obliged to allocate up to 85 billion Rials to
the Central Headquarters for Campaign against Smuggling of Goods and Foreign
Currencies. 80per cent of this sum will be spent to buy equipment and capital
facilities required for the campaign against the smuggling of goods and foreign
currencies and 20per cent will be spend to prepare educational items and
propaganda mostly through the Voice and Vision [Islamic Republic of Iran
Broadcasting] and press and cinema branches of the Ministry of Culture and
Islamic Guidance.

4,000 billion Rials of the government's debts to organizations will be settled

In continuation, based on the proposal of the Majlis Committee of Social Affairs
as a rider to paragraph D of note 8, Majlis representatives required the
administration to pay 4,000 billion Rials of its debts to organizations,
including the State Retirement Organization, Social Security Organization,
Teachers' Reserve Fund, Astan-e Qods-e Razavi [the institute administrating
shrine of Imam Reza and the endowment belonging to it], municipalities, medical
insurance organizations, Basij's Reserve Fund, Social Security Fund of Armed
Forces and other executive organizations through assigning movable and immovable
properties and stocks of state-owned corporations.

During debates on part 2 of paragraph D of note 9, the proposal offered by Ali
Abbaspur, Majlis representative from Tehran, that called for a return to the
administration-proposed bill was approved. According to this decision, funds may
be allocated to universities and higher education institutes and research
centres at the request of the highest executive official of the above-mentioned
institutes or other authorized officials that shall be introduced to the
Ministry of Economic Affairs and Finance. Bank accounts will be opened by the
Treasury or treasuries of provinces in the name of these officials and the funds
will be deposited to these accounts. Withdrawing funds from these accounts will
be possible with joint signatures of at least two authorized signatories
designated by financial and transactional by-laws of the institutes.

According to another decision made by Majlis representatives, the buildings and
properties belonging to governmental executive organizations and
non-governmental public institutes that have been used as schools by education
departments in 1383-1384 will still be at the disposal of the Ministry of
Education and any attempt to compel the Ministry of Education to evacuate them
will be prohibited.

The last decision made by the Maljis at the yesterday morning's open session was
on paragraph M of note 9. This decision authorizes the Organization for Enacting
Radio and Communications Regulations to spend up to 80 billion Rials out of the
surplus income earned by providing telecommunication services and use these
resources to improve the management of the radio wave spectrum and paving the
way for competition between governmental and non-governmental companies. These
funds may be spent after exchanging agreements with the Management and Planning
Organization.

Additionally, Majlis representatives approved the proposal of Abbaspur, Majlis
representative from Tehran, returned to paragraph A of note 9 that had been
eliminated by the combined committee, and permitted the Ministry of Education to
distribute 930 billion Rials among affiliated junior colleges to be spent for
the realization of objectives of the Ministry of Education defined in the Fourth
Development Plan Act.

15 billion Rials for the construction of residencies in sites of the [Iran-Iraq]
battles

At the yesterday afternoon's open session, paragraph A of note 10 was approved
that requires the Cultural Heritage and Tourism Organization to spend 15 billion
Rials for the construction of camp-sites in the areas that were battlegrounds
during the Iran-Iraq war in the south and west of the country, and five billion
Rials for supporting Rahian-e Nur tours that visit former battlegrounds in
southern and western borders in coordination with the Basij Resistance Force.

Furthermore, according to paragraphs B and C of the above-mentioned note, the
Cultural Heritage and Tourism Organization shall spend 20 billion Rials out of
the funds allocated for Iranian museums for supporting and construction of the
holy defence museum in Tehran and 10 million Rials for the protection of relics
and values of the holy defence and the construction of the holy defence
monuments in coordination with the Foundation for the Protection of Relics and
Values of the Holy Defence.

In a rider to note 11, Majlis representatives approved research funds for the
Iranian Atomic Energy Organization as hundred-percent allocated funds.

In considering riders to this note, the proposal offered by Tahmasbi, Majlis
representative from Sarvestan, was approved according to which agricultural
firms will be exempted from paying power charges at industrial rates.

The proposal presented by Elias Naderan, Majlis representative from Tehran, was
also approved. According to this proposal, in order to reduce the consumption of
fuel by automobiles, protect environment, reduce death toll, produce power,
develop new technologies and find substitutes for fossil fuels in rural and
nomadic areas, a subsidy or grant-in-aid will be allocated.

In paragraph H of this note, in order to develop power production capacities and
meeting growing needs of the country, the administration is required to begin
study and location of nuclear power plants for the production of 20,000 MW
power.

Resalat, 13 Mar 06

1385 Budget debate will end today

After ten days of intense works of Majlis representatives on the budget bill of
the next year, sometimes even three rounds per day, examining the budget bill
has accelerated in the last two days.

Some Majlis representatives' persistence in offering their proposals has
lengthened the budget debate but in recent days a number of Majlis
representatives were persuaded to withdraw their proposals. By this decision,
the process has accelerated so that it is expected that the debate will end at
today's sessions.

Reports received from the Council of Guardians show that deep legal examinations
by the combined committee, the Council of Guardians will naturally raise fewer
objections to notes of the budget bill of the next year. The Council of
Guardians is expected to present its correcting advices to the Majlis on
Wednesday, and the Majlis will hold an open session on Tuesday in order to
examine opinions of the Council of Guardians and amend its decision to satisfy
the Council of Guardians. The cases on which the Majlis and the Council of
Guardians may fail to reach an agreement will be referred to Expediency Council
for final decision-making in order to draw the final conclusion on the budget
bill on Saturday, the last day of the current year.

The Ahmadinezhad administration will settle debts of former administrations to
other organizations and institutes

The former administration has left a large amount of debts to organizations that
will be settled in 1385.

The Social Security Organization, State Retirement Fund, Astan-e Qods-e Razavi,
Medical Services Insurance Organization, Social Security Fund of Armed Forces,
Teachers' Reserve Fund, Basij Members' Reserve Fund and municipalities will
receive their 15,000 billion Rials, 10,000 billion Rials, 1,150 billion Rials,
2,000 billion Rials, 2,000 billion Rials, 350 billion Rials, 300 billion Rials,
and 500 billion Rials, respectively.

These debts are mostly settled through assigning stocks of state-owned
corporations.

26 Majlis representatives asked the president to allocate a portion of oil
revenues to oil-rich provinces

Messrs Sudani, K'abi, Daneshyar, Sheikh, Ashuri, Jafari, Movahed, M'oalemipur,
Dirbaz, Shoja, Adel-Azar, Ahmadi, Hedayatkhah, Mohammadsadeqi, Naserinezhad,
Musavi, Hayati, Raza'ipur, Purnateqi, Mohebbi, Ashtiani, Shojapurian, Salehi,
Saedi and Hosseini notified the president of the need for allocating 0.02per
cent of oil revenues to oil-rich provinces in 1385. These Majlis representatives
requested the president to pay attention to this matter in the budget bill.

Amateurish collaboration between two reformist dailies provoked the laugher of
Majlis representatives!

Yesterday, in the restaurant of the Majlis, a Majlis representative from
Lorestan Province showed Sunday issues of Hambastegi and E'temad dailies and
this provoked the laughter of the Majlis representatives.

In the page 3 of E'temad and page 6 of Hambastegi, texts of so-called six
telephone calls had been published. Interestingly, the texts of the messages and
the order of messages in both dailies were identical. The content of all the
messages was against the administration and sought defaming the Ahmadinezhad
administration. This Majlis representative from Lorestan told his colleagues:
"we do know these so-called telephone calls are fabricated by the reformist
dailies themselves but directors of the dailies must be careful not to make such
a big gaffe!"

Source: Iran press review from BBC Monitoring in Persian 13 Mar 06

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2006 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             762 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 10, 2015 Saturday

Tennessee: THDA Announces the 2015 Tennessee's Best Award winners

LENGTH: 2846 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Nashville: Tennessee Housing Development Agency issued the following news
release:



 The Tennessee's Best awards honor outstanding individuals and organizations
whose contributions on behalf of affordable housing - whether producing,
designing, developing, financing or promoting housing policy - inspire others to
serve Tennesseans' housing needs.



 The 2015 winners and nominees are:

 Excellence in Partnership



 Winner



 United Housing, Inc.: United Housing, Inc. (UHI), recently partnered with the
Community of St. Therese of Lisieux, a Memphis nonprofit that serves women who
are looking to rebuild their lives after being on the streets. The partnership
can assist up to five women in a two-year program including housing, and has
greatly benefitted from the two organizations' combined abilities to leverage
funds and work across sectors. UHI has 20 years of experience in serving
individuals through homeownership counseling and foreclosure prevention, but
recently added a focus on strengthening nonprofit-to-nonprofit partnerships.



 Nominees



 Ridgeview Apartments: For the first time in its 60+ year history, the Gallatin
Housing Authority partnered with a provide developer, Concord Gallatin, LLC, to
seek Low Income Housing Tax Credit (LIHTC) funding for an affordable housing
development. Securing $322,251 through the LIHTC program and another $2.4
million in the form of a two-year, 0% interest loan from a private bank, the two
organizations launched a joint effort to transform the aging Reese Lackey
Heights building into the new Ridgeview Apartments facility. The project is now
65% complete and serves as a prime model for the GHA and other housing agencies
to form public-private partnerships for future developments.



 Buffalo Valley, Inc.: Although Buffalo Valley, Inc., of Hohenwald began solely
as an alcohol and drug treatment center in 1979, housing became a critical part
of its continuum of care in the mid-1990s. Partnerships on the federal level
include being named the lead agency in 19 rural Tennessee counties for HUD's
&ldquo;Homeless No More&rdquo; initiative and a collaboration with the VA to
produce, design, and develop grant per diem housing for homeless veterans. On
the local level, Buffalo Valley has expanded outside Middle Tennessee to partner
with the City of Chattanooga on its affordable housing efforts. The organization
also has an excellent reputation with contractors, vendors, and public partners
for meeting and exceeding compliance and sustainable requirements.



 Nichole Carter, Patten Towers Service Coordinator: Patten Towers was built in
the heart of Chattanooga in 1908 as the first &ldquo;skyscraper hotel&rdquo; in
the city. Now operated by PK Management, the facility helps residents age in
place while providing them with education and value-added services. As the on-
site social services coordinator, Carter has developed community partnerships
with nonprofits, businesses, universities, government entities and churches to
help generate a variety of programs for residents. She is praised for taking a
person-centered approach and conducting focus groups to meet the residents'
programming wants and needs. Programs include food insecurity, health and
wellness, safety, exercise, spirituality, socialization and education.



 Blount County Habitat for Humanity: Serving a community where nearly 50% of
high school seniors do not have career or education plans post-graduation,
Blount County Habitat for Humanity partnered with Maryville High School--as well
as the Maryville-Alcoa Homebuilders Association, the United Way of Blount
County, and the University of Tennessee--to establish a youth workforce
development initiative at a Habitat construction site. This spring, 279 college
and high school students were each involved in 20+ hours of construction-based
activities and skill development, and 24 high school students participated in a
construction-based experiential classroom to learn real world construction
skills and work ethic, as well as explore the wide range of occupations
available within the construction industry.



 Habitat for Humanity of Greater Nashville and Nashville School of Law: These
two organizations partnered to host no-cost clinics for Habitat homeowners and
families in Habitat's HomeWORKS program, allowing them to meet with law students
and attorneys to develop a will. For the students and professionals, the program
provides valuable experience working with diverse, low-income populations and
encourages them to apply their expertise in charitable ways.



 Tim Dimick: A mortgage loan originator with U.S. Bank, Dimick was nominated for
his generous work in helping homeownership become a reality for participants in
THDA's Housing Choice Voucher (HCV) Homeownership program. Dimick is noted for
his availability, reliability, and the quality of service he provides both his
clients and THDA staff. Colleagues of Dimick praise his efficiency,
professionalism, and ability to relatable to the families he serves. Dimick also
gives helpful feedback to when clients receive loan denials, allowing them to
build better credit profiles so they can try again.

 Outstanding Advocate



 Winner



 Scott County Homeless Shelter: Through its work advocating for homeless
individuals and families, the Scott County Homeless Shelter saw a need for a
greater awareness for homelessness issues in Tennessee. With the help of State
Sen. Ken Yager, SCHS Executive Director Ray Perry successfully led the effort
for the Tennessee Legislature to pass a bill recognizing November as
&ldquo;Homelessness Awareness and Prevention Month.&rdquo; Originally providing
only emergency shelter, the Scott County Homeless Shelter quickly grown over the
past five years to provide safe housing, food, clothing, hygiene, and job search
services, as well as the Access 2 Resources (A2R)&rdquo; transportation service
to combat the lack of public transportation in the area it serves. The Scott
County Homeless Shelter also offers a supportive housing program, which provides
the financial assistance to prevent homelessness or rehouse homeless residents.



 Nominees



 Debbie Hillin: During her 25 years of service at Buffalo Valley, Inc., Hillin
has been instrumental in raising $110 million for affordable housing. Dedicated
to assisting high-risk groups in her community, Hillin's top priority is placing
people in a safe environment. Known for being available 24/7, she routinely
keeps extended hours in order to secure housing or funding for an individual who
has the drive but not the means to help themselves. Hillin serves on the
Governor's Council for Armed Services, Veterans, and Their Families and in 2013
was awarded The Adjutant General's Distinguished Patriot Medal for her
dedication to military families in need. She also chaired TAADAS and continues
to regularly work in conjunction with the Tennessee Legislature to emphasize the
need for affordable housing and address barriers.



 Community Development Council of Greater Memphis: Community Development Council
of Greater Memphis (CD Council) is a membership organization of community
development organizations and proponents that support neighborhood
revitalization efforts. The CD Council works in four areas: capacity building
programs for CDCs, community education and civic engagement, planning and
neighborhood revitalization, and policy and advocacy. As the only cross-sector
advocacy effort of its kind in Memphis, the CD Council publishes an annual set
of policy priorities and works throughout the year toward steady progress. The
CD Council has been an active participant the Tennessee Affordable Housing
Coalition, as well as numerous other local networks and coalitions.

 Remarkable Achievement (Rural)



 Winner



 Grace Crossing, LP: Olympia Construction, Inc., completed work on Grace
Crossing in Paris in 2014. The units feature spacious designs and are equipped
with ENERGY STAR-rated appliances. Additionally, there are several units which
are fully equipped to serve those who have a physical or sensory impairment. The
exterior design of each building focuses on low-maintenance, energy efficient,
and beautiful surfaces. The property offers many amenities such as a playground,
computer room, community building with kitchen, covered gazebo, pavilion with
barbeque grill, private patios, laundry facility, and direct access to public
transportation. Grace Crossing is in a prime location, just steps away from the
conveniences offered in town.



 Nominees



 William Basinger: For 13 years, Basinger has been a senior case manager for
housing for Buffalo Valley, Inc., ensuring the development and management of
affordable housing for those with special needs, the homeless, low-income
individuals, and families living in the targeted 19 rural counties served by the
organization. Basinger worked in construction prior to joining Buffalo Valley,
and his experience and efforts have helped Buffalo Valley foster community
collaboration and increased its ability to work efficiently with contractors and
suppliers. Basinger also helps ensure compliance for more than 650 units of
rural affordable housing provided by Buffalo Valley. These units include
emergency shelter, transitional housing, permanent housing with supportive
services, low-income rental, subsidized housing, and homeownership.



 The Villas of Savannah, LP: The Villas of Savannah, located in the town of
Savannah, was developed to optimize green space and utilizes landscaping design
that provides long-term beauty. The property features a spacious community
building with a gathering area, dining area, sofas, an entertainment center,
game room, and fitness area. The units are equipped with ENERGY STAR-rated
appliances, private patios, and additional outdoor storage. The buildings
features sandstone brick exteriors for low maintenance and durability. The
Villas employ an on-site manager who arranges events from potluck dinners to
holiday parties in an effort to create a warm, welcoming community for
residents. The property is owned by The Villas of Savannah, LP, and managed by
Olympia Management, Inc.



 Marshall Gardens, LP: Marshall Gardens, LP, partnered with developer Olympia
Construction, Inc., and nonprofit Paladin Nonprofit TN, LLC, to complete this
48-unit development in Milan. The community building features a computer center,
kitchen and dining area, laundry facility, and manager's office. Residents also
have access to an outdoor playground and covered picnic area with tables and
barbeque grill. The exteriors are a mixture of durable, energy-efficient
materials, and the landscaping is designed to allow the property to blend with
the surrounding environment. Marshall Gardens is a shining example of energy
efficiency, accessibility, and beautiful affordable housing.

 Remarkable Achievement (Urban)



 Winner



 Keystone Development, Inc.: Keystone Development, Inc., was established in 2013
by the Johnson City Housing Authority to address the plight of homeless youth
and veterans. Alan Court is the newest apartment complex built by Keystone in
Johnson City. With seven one-bedroom apartments completed in August 2015, Alan
Court is specifically veterans in the HUD-VASH program. Many participants have
been or are currently being treated through the James H. Quillen VA Medical
Center in Johnson City. Alan Court includes many components that reflect the
best standards in quality and sustainability for its tenants, including ENERGY
STAR-rated appliances and features. All units will be managed by the Johnson
City Housing Authority.

 Best in Innovation



 Winner



 Urban Housing Solutions, Inc.: Urban Housing Solutions was nominated for its 12
Garden Street development in Nashville. The eight-unit complex was constructed
for low-income residents with intellectual and developmental disabilities (IDD)
who wish to live independently. Created in partnership with the Nashville
Intellectual and Developmental Disability Housing Group, Trevecca Nazarene
University, and Vanderbilt Divinity School, 12 Garden Street allows individuals
with IDD to live next door to divinity students who have volunteered to provide
assistance as needed. There are nearly 7,000 people with IDD on the state's
waiting list for a Home and Community Based Services (HCBS) waiver--a number
that grows larger every month. By rule, these individuals have no more than
$2,000 in assets. The project is the most extensive and energy-efficient
renovation Urban Housing Solutions has ever completed, and it also had a
positive impact on the local neighborhood by removing a known location of drug
and criminal activity.



 Nominees



 Franklin Housing Authority: Located in one of the wealthiest and fastest
growing counties in the country, the Franklin Housing Authority embarked on a
plan in 2010 to change the face of public housing and at the same time provide
more options by being creative in the development and use of properties. The
master housing plan is designed to replace obsolete public housing with modern
communities serving the city's low and moderate income families. The first phase
included FHA's first-ever public-private venture, The Reddick Senior Residences.
The $8.5 million, three-story building featuers 49 one- and two-bedroom
apartments specially designed for an aging population. The facility includes a
health and wellness center, a business center, a library, a game room, and
laundry facilities. For many residents, some of whom lived in the old public
housing on the site, it is the first time their home has had central heat and
air, a dishwasher, and a place to interact with people their own age. An on-site
manager is available to assist the residents. FHA describes the building as the
first step in a long-awaited plan to improve the lives of low-income families in
the Franklin community.



 John Pointer, Dansen and Associates: As owner of Dansen and Associates, LLC,
and a Sears Hometown Store franchise, Pointer was nominated for his work with
the Tennessee Association of Housing Redevelopment Authorities (TAHRA), a
supportive association that represents the majority of public housing
authorities (PHAs) statewide. As a result of the EPA's effort to replacing aging
appliances with the new ENERGY STAR-rated ones, TAHRA contracted with Pointer to
carry out the work on behalf of the 85 housing authorities. Pointer contacted
vendors while reviewing the TAHRA proposal, itemizing all applicable appliances,
and meeting with PHA staff members throughout the state. As a result of his
efforts, energy use has been reduced 10%. The new specifications will also
establish an optional functionality criteria that allows PHAs to be eligible for
a &ldquo;connected&rdquo; allowance if ever needed. Since signing the contract
with TAHRA, Dansen has made deliveries across the state and has placed orders
with members of the Tennessee Association of Affordable Housing for similar
work.

 Vicki George Award for Excellence in Homebuyer Education



 Winner



 Beverly James: As director of financial education and counseling at Christian
Community Services, Inc, for the past five years, James has tirelessly
researched and studied home loan products and financial coaching techniques so
that CCSI families are equipped with the skills and knowledge they need for
long-term self-sufficiency and asset purchase. Praised for her individual
attention to each client, James has successfully reduced time and transportation
barriers for local families seeking homeownership. She is a regular spokesperson
for both CCSI and Habitat for Humanity. Through the Mentoring Towards
Independence program, James assisted a mother of two out of public housing and
into the home she &ldquo;wanted so much&rdquo; for her children.



 Nominees



 Lisa Booker: A dedicated and experienced educator with Family and Children's
Services in Nashville, Booker was nominated for the &ldquo;top-notch education
experience&rdquo; she provides students who participate in her homebuyer
education classes. Her presentation skills have been described as flawless, and
the number of homebuyers she teaches each year is the highest in the state. One
mortgage broker said clients she referred to Booker always provided positive
feedback of their experience, with many saying it was the best class they had
ever taken.



 Taylor Hayes: Just over a year ago, Hayes began working with the non-profit
HomeSource East Tennessee (former Knox Housing Partnership) as a homebuyer
education counselor. In that short time, average number of students served each
month has jumped from 12 to 32, a boost of 266%. Hayes also championed
HomeSource's pilot program for online classes through eHomeAmerica, a move that
resulted in another increase in course enrollment. His success is credited to
consistent partnership building and successful program marketing.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             763 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            June 13, 2012 Wednesday

Banks' appraisal methods tightened in hot house market

BYLINE: TARA PERKINS and GRANT ROBERTSON

SECTION: REPORT ON BUSINESS: CANADIAN; REAL ESTATE; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 742 words


Several Canadian banks have been quietly re-evaluating their appraisal
strategies amid increased worries about the accuracy of property values in a
market deemed at risk of overheating.

Lenders use a variety of techniques, including full appraisals, so-called
"drive-by" appraisals based on the exterior of the home, and databases of market
prices, to evaluate homes. The values they arrive at help determine how much
money they should lend to mortgage borrowers. They are also key for measures
such as the loan-to-value ratio that are used to track the health of loan
portfolios and borrowers' debt loads.

Banks are emphasizing on-site visits to value properties, especially those above
a certain price or in rural areas.

They are also paying closer attention to who does the appraisal.

The higher level of diligence aims to get more accurate values amid fears of an
overheated housing market. If standards tighten or appraisals become more
conservative, it could result in a decrease of the amount of mortgages that
banks lend.

Appraisal values become most important to banks when a borrower defaults, and
the bank has to sell the property to recoup money. Their accuracy is especially
important in the current environment, in which home prices are believed to be
inflated and borrowers are taking on record debt levels, increasing the risk of
defaults.

There has been no suggestion of widespread or serious problems in Canada's
appraisal system, and bankers say they are comfortable with the values on their
books. But lenders and regulators have recently been scrutinizing appraisal
systems in an effort to ensure that these values are as accurate as possible.

"We have tightened our process, and make sure that we are getting an accurate
read," David McKay, the head of Canadian banking at Royal Bank of Canada, the
country's largest mortgage lender, told analysts on a recent conference call.
"When you think you have an 80 per cent loan-to-value ratio, you want to make
sure you have an 80 per cent loan-to-value ratio."

Mark Chauvin, Toronto-Dominion Bank's chief risk officer, told analysts that in
some of the hotter markets such as Vancouver and Toronto, appraisal values are
coming in slightly above purchase prices.

"We're really not seeing a lot of it," he said. "But we feel our existing
policies will protect us against that."

TD lends 80 per cent loan-to-value up to $900,000, but after that only lends 50
per cent, to protect itself against inflated values on expensive homes. "So if
you take a $2-million house, you get a loan-to-value of 56 per cent under the
sliding scale," he said.

Some banks began to focus more on this last year, after an American insurance
company reported a significant charge in connection with insurance it was
selling to them. That insurance was covering risks associated with the
possibility that appraisal values were off.

California-based First American Financial Corp. had been selling Canadian banks
a "guaranteed valuation" product that guaranteed the valuation of a property was
accurate on the day a mortgage was issued. If it turned out later that it
wasn't, the bank could make a claim.

But First American posted a first-quarter loss in 2011 as it took a $45-million
reserve strengthening charge relating to this obscure Canadian product.

Policies that were experiencing claims had been written mostly in 2007 and 2008.
Sources say the issue stemmed mainly from Alberta, where the housing market
underwent a correction starting in 2007, and problems became apparent as default
rates increased, leading banks to seize more homes as collateral.

"This is just a case where we mispriced the risk," First American CEO Dennis
Gilmore told analysts. (The firm declined to comment.) The company is no longer
offering that insurance in the same form, bankers said.

Spokespeople at Bank of Montreal and Bank of Nova Scotia said Monday that their
institutions were already focused on in-person appraisals.

The Office of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions is ushering in new
mortgage underwriting rules that require banks to have clear policies outlining
how they value properties. It is urging them to use a combination of tools, and
to include a comprehensive on-site appraisal unless there's an appropriate
reason to use an alternative method.

Banks "should not use title insurance or valuation insurance as a substitute for
a sound appraisal or valuation process," OSFI stated.

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2012 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             764 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Pantagraph (Bloomington, Illinois)

                             July 8, 2004 Thursday

Farm Briefs

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C2

LENGTH: 172 words


Container recycling

Central Illinois farmers can recycle their empty, rinsed plastic agrichemical
containers this summer at two permanent sites and three special collections.

The Illinois Department of Agriculture sponsors the program. The containers get
ground into plastic chips reused to make shipping pallets, hazardous waste drums
and other products. Only No. 2 plastic containers that are clean and dry will be
accepted. Permanent locations are at UAP Richter in Atlanta and Randolph Ag at
Heyworth.

Collections will be from 8 to 11 a.m. July 27 at DCM Crop Care, Deer Creek; 1 to
4 p.m. July 28 at CPS, Saunemin; and 8 to 11 a.m. July 29 at Weber Fertilizer,
Buckley.

Grants available

Community, faith-based and other nonprofit groups have until Aug. 2 to apply for
$2 million in rural housing assistance grants.

The grants support services like home-ownership counseling, home loan packaging
and delinquency counseling.

About 25 to 30 groups are expected to receive grants. Information is on the
Internet at www.rurdev.usda.gov.

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2004 The Pantagraph


                             765 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Waco Tribune-Herald (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 25, 2010 Thursday

Texas offering additional $2,000 credit for some homebuyers

BYLINE: Mike Copeland, Waco Tribune-Herald, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 743 words


Feb. 25--Uncle Sam and the state of Texas want people to buy homes.

The new weapon in their arsenal is a $2,000 credit that Texas is offering to
people who have not owned a home the past three years and want to buy one.

This is not a one-shot deal. Qualifying Texans can knock up to $2,000 a year off
the interest they pay on their mortgages under the so-called Texas Mortgage
Credit Program.

It is available to McLennan County individuals or families of two who make no
more than $57,400 a year, and to families of three or more members who make no
more than $66,010 a year.

The program, offered through the Texas Department of Housing and Community
Affairs, can be used with the federal government's one-time tax credit of $8,000
for first-time homebuyers.

Individuals taking advantage of the federal program must sign a sales agreement
by April 30, and close on their homes by June 30.

"I was working with a buyer yesterday who is moving here from Austin. We were
talking about that $8,000 credit and she may go for it," Waco Realtor Trammel
Kelly said.

"Information is just getting out about the state program, and it is attracting
attention. It will definitely be a plus for a lot of people."

To qualify for a Mortgage Credit Certificate of up to $2,000, a buyer must: --
Meet income and home purchase requirements; -- Have not owned a home as a
primary residence in the past three years; -- Meet the qualifying requirements
of the mortgage loan; and, -- Use the home as his or her principal residence.

All mortgage loan types are eligible. The loans are available through a network
of lenders and must be underwritten according to FHA, VA, USDA/Rural Housing
Service or conventional loan rules.

The Texas Department of Housing and Community Affairs Web site lists only one
lender in Waco taking part in its new program -- TXL Mortgage-Lakeside Lending,
3701 Waco Drive, in the Keller-Williams building.

Senior loan officer Jeffrey Bradburn said Wednesday his office has not yet
processed a mortgage involving the $2,000 credit, but he welcomes inquiries and
homebuyers.

Push in smaller cities Larger cities statewide have dozens of mortgage lenders
participating in the program and the state is trying to recruit others in
smaller communities to get involved, program director Dina Gonzalez said.

In Temple, Cornerstone Mortgage, 3820 W. Adams, and DHI Mortgage, 2305 Birdcreek
Terrace, are participating in the program, along with Killeen's First Community
Mortgage, 2101 W.S. Young Drive.

Anyone who buys a home in one of several areas of Waco does not have to meet the
requirement of not having owned a home as a primary residence within the past
three years.

These census tracts lie within low-income areas in East Waco and near Interstate
35 at Valley Mills Drive, the Texas State Technical College campus, Herring
Avenue at 18th Street, Ninth Street at Colcord Avenue and I-35 across from the
Baylor University campus, said Chris Evilia, director of Waco's Metropolitan
Planning Organization.

Basically, Gonzalez said, homeowners in the program qualify for a tax credit
each year equal to 30 percent of the interest paid on the home.

The credit cannot exceed $2,000.

Texas is receiving federal funding with which it is offering the mortgage
credits.

Program example Here's an example of how the program works: A buyer pays
$121,000 for a house at 6 percent interest on a 30-year fixed-rate note. The
first year, he or she owes $7,260 in interest.

Multiplying that figure by .30, the owner receives a tax credit of $2,178. But
the maximum allowed is $2,000, so the buyer would be obligated to pay $5,260 in
interest.

The credit would save the buyer about $167 a month.

Homebuyers taking part in the program should keep in mind they must complete a
homebuyer-education course before their loan closing.

And at closing, they must pay a Mortgage Credit Certificate issuance fee of 1
percent of the loan amount. This is in addition to other closing costs
associated with buying a house.

The program is available to those who want 15- or 30-year mortgages.

To see more of the Waco Tribune-Herald, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.wacotrib.com. Copyright (c) 2010, Waco Tribune-Herald, Texas
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100225-WO-HOMEBUYERS-TAX-CREDIT-20100225

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WO


                       Copyright 2010 Waco Tribune-Herald


                             766 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Daily Item (Sunbury, Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             May 16, 2015 Saturday

$1.8M OK'd for housing project

BYLINE: Evamarie Socha, The Daily Item, Sunbury, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 487 words


May 16--LEWISBURG -- About $1.8 million in loan and tax credit requests was
approved for an affordable multifamily housing development at the Pennsylvania
House Commons complex in East Buffalo Township.

The Pennsylvania Housing Finance Agency announced the so-called Penn Commons
complex will receive a $968,742 PennHOMES loan and $878,726 in tax credits to
construct seven general occupancy buildings: five one-bedroom units, 12
two-bedroom units and eight three-bedroom units.

"We're very happy (with the news) and now we can get to work," said Bruce
Quigley, executive director of the Union County Housing Authority, which is
behind the project, among the only low-income housing centers in the county.

The housing will be adjacent to the forthcoming Penn House Commons complex in
East Buffalo Township on the site of the former Pennsylvania House furniture
factory. The housing authority bought the tract between Route 45 and the Buffalo
Valley Rail Trail. The project is estimated at a total 43,868 square feet.

The project is still in the very early stages, Quigley said, adding that the
design phase now can begin and should take several months. Construction likely
won't happen until 2017 once financing has been set, he said.

This will be a low-income housing complex in which residents will pay a portion
of the rent. Those approved for Section 8 housing could live at Penn Commons,
Quigley said, though it is not intended strictly for such clients.

This complex also is not public housing, which is a specific classification
under the U.S. Housing Act.

Stacey Kifolo, manager for East Buffalo Township, said the municipality had
issued a letter of support for the project to the state on the housing
authority's behalf.

The loan is for construction, Quigley said, while the tax credits are for
investors. The tax incentive is intended to increase the availability of
low-income housing, for which the residents pay a portion of the rent.

According to the state housing agency, the Tax Credit Program offers owners of
affordable rental housing a tax incentive, not a loan or grant, in the form of
an annual tax credit to owners of newly constructed or substantially
rehabilitated low-income rental housing projects.

A developer markets or "syndicates" the credits to investors, whose
contributions are used as equity in the development's financing. This program is
federally funded, and each state administers the money.

PennHOMES offers loans to developers with terms that include a zero percent
interest rate, 30-year term and deferred payment. It combines both federal HOME
and state funding.

Statewide, the housing agency awarded $12.5 million in PennHOMES funding and
$36.9 million in tax credits to build 39 affordable multifamily housing
developments in suburban and rural areas.

___ (c)2015 The Daily Item (Sunbury, Pa.) Visit The Daily Item (Sunbury, Pa.) at
www.dailyitem.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150516-DN-1.8M-OK-d-for-housing-project-0516-20150516

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DN


                         Copyright 2015 The Daily Item


                             767 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Times of India (Electronic Edition)

                              March 4, 2016 Friday
                               Bangalore Edition

BUDGET 2016 Push for affordable housing in Budget

BYLINE: Ashish Gupta

SECTION: TIMES PROPERTY

LENGTH: 345 words


The Union Budget for 2016-17 was much awaited with plenty of expectations. The
Budget has a significant rural focus.There are some welcome measures initiated
towards pushing the realty sector.

PUSH FOR BUDGET HOMES

In line with the mission 'Housing for all by 2022', the Budget has provided for
a 100 percent deduction against profits from a housing project with units of up
to 30 sq mts (300 sqft) in the four metro cities and 60 sq mts (600 sqft) in
other cities, that are approved between June 2016 and March 2019, and com

pleted within three years of the approval. This will give a major push to the
affordable housing segment.

HIGHER INTEREST DEDUCTION

There is some good news for first-time homebuyers. The Budget has proposed an
additional Rs 50,000 in deduction against interest paid on a loan for first-time
homebuyers.This tax deduction is for a loan of up to Rs 35 lakhs sanctioned
during the next financial year, provided the value of the house does not exceed
Rs 50 lakhs.

This measure is expected to encourage more prospective buyers to invest in
property.As it will reduce the cost of a loan effectively, it is expected to
boost demand for housing

in the budget and mid-segment categories.

This additional deduction of Rs 50,000 will significantly benefit first-time
homebuyers in Tier II and Tier III cities too.

DUTY EXEMPTION

The Budget also extended an excise duty exemption, currently available to
concrete mix manufactured on site, to ready-mix concrete too.This is expected to
lower the cost of construction for developers.

A service tax exemption has been announced on construction of affordable housing
under State and Central housing schemes. Builders will get 100 percent tax
exemption on profits if they build units of up to 300 sqft in the four

metro cities and up to 600 sqft in the other cities. This will give some
much-needed impetus to develop a greater number of affordable housing projects
across the country.

The tax sops for firsttime homebuyers and incentives on development of
affordable housing projects will push demand in the property market.

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             768 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Times of India (Electronic Edition)

                              March 4, 2016 Friday
                               Bangalore Edition

BUDGET 2016 Push for affordable housing in Budget

BYLINE: Ashish Gupta

SECTION: TIMES PROPERTY

LENGTH: 345 words


The Union Budget for 2016-17 was much awaited with plenty of expectations. The
Budget has a significant rural focus.There are some welcome measures initiated
towards pushing the realty sector.

PUSH FOR BUDGET HOMES

In line with the mission 'Housing for all by 2022', the Budget has provided for
a 100 percent deduction against profits from a housing project with units of up
to 30 sq mts (300 sqft) in the four metro cities and 60 sq mts (600 sqft) in
other cities, that are approved between June 2016 and March 2019, and com

pleted within three years of the approval. This will give a major push to the
affordable housing segment.

HIGHER INTEREST DEDUCTION

There is some good news for first-time homebuyers. The Budget has proposed an
additional Rs 50,000 in deduction against interest paid on a loan for first-time
homebuyers.This tax deduction is for a loan of up to Rs 35 lakhs sanctioned
during the next financial year, provided the value of the house does not exceed
Rs 50 lakhs.

This measure is expected to encourage more prospective buyers to invest in
property.As it will reduce the cost of a loan effectively, it is expected to
boost demand for housing

in the budget and mid-segment categories.

This additional deduction of Rs 50,000 will significantly benefit first-time
homebuyers in Tier II and Tier III cities too.

DUTY EXEMPTION

The Budget also extended an excise duty exemption, currently available to
concrete mix manufactured on site, to ready-mix concrete too.This is expected to
lower the cost of construction for developers.

A service tax exemption has been announced on construction of affordable housing
under State and Central housing schemes. Builders will get 100 percent tax
exemption on profits if they build units of up to 300 sqft in the four

metro cities and up to 600 sqft in the other cities. This will give some
much-needed impetus to develop a greater number of affordable housing projects
across the country.

The tax sops for firsttime homebuyers and incentives on development of
affordable housing projects will push demand in the property market.

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             769 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Blairsville Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              June 12, 2009 Friday

Housing authority to take over Derry senior citizen facility

BYLINE: Jeff Himler, The Blairsville Dispatch, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1104 words


Jun. 12--The Westmoreland County Housing Authority is slated to take over
operation of Derry Senior Housing, a senior-citizen housing facility in the
borough whose current owners say they no longer can keep up with costs at the
18-unit complex.

Derry Senior Housing Corp. Board President Vic Mowry said the organization has
run the senior housing facility at Fifth Avenue and Mentor Street since 1992 but
recently decided to search for a buyer due to mounting expenses.

"We hate to see it go, but there's too much work to get done, and there's no
money," Mowry told Derry Borough Council Monday. "The figures don't balance
anymore." He cited roofing and siding as items that need addressed.

According to Mowry, his board expects to sign an agreement on June 16 that will
transfer the housing property to the county authority.

Terms of the proposed deal weren't released. Mowry said the authority is
financing the purchase with a loan through the U.S. Department of Agriculture's
Rural Development program.

"We tried everything we could to keep it going," Mowry said, noting his board
was turned down for a state loan to help cover costs at the senior facility. He
said the authority will be better positioned to take advantage of government
grants for the complex.

In addition to building maintenance costs, Mowry said the board has been
challenged by high insurance rates. "After 2001, it just skyrocketed," he said.

The senior housing complex, which has been in existence since 1975, contains
seven single-bedroom units and 11 two-bedroom units and is fully occupied by 22
residents age 62 or older, Mowry said. He said the housing authority would
continue to operate the property as a senior facility.

Derry Council, in its own effort to upgrade housing, authorized its president,
Allen Skopp, and Mayor Susan Bortz to send a letter recommending 19 properties
in the borough for possible inclusion in either of two local housing development
programs.

Skopp said there was a consensus among borough officials to nominate a dozen
vacant or dilapidated Derry homes for the development programs -- Westmoreland
Community Action's affordable homes program and Homes Build Hope, an effort to
create affordable rental units that is affiliated with Latrobe's Adelphoi
Village. Skopp said he additionally nominated seven vacant lots for
redevelopment through the programs.

The borough won't be involved beyond recommending the sites, which Bortz
declined to identify.

Skopp said some of the properties involved are homes that have been subject to
foreclosure, forcing borough crews to step in and keep grass trimmed, while
others were severely damaged by fire.

Skopp said the borough has been told there should be sufficient funding
available through the programs to redevelop about seven properties in Derry.

"It's a nice way to get new residents and housing in the borough," he said of
the programs.

In the past, Westmoreland Community Action has renovated or reconstructed homes
in Greensburg, Jeannette, Mt. Pleasant, Claridge, Export and New Kensington.

In other property matters, council accepted the sole bid of $6,000 from Brian
Heiple to purchase a vacant borough-owned lot on South Chestnut Street that
previously housed council chambers. The parcel is located next to the
drive-through lane for AmeriServ Bank.

Heiple, who operates an insurance agency on a nearby property, will complete the
purchase in three equal installments through Dec. 15 of this year.

Council currently holds its monthly meetings in the community room of the Derry
Station senior housing complex at Second Avenue and Y Street.

The panel hopes to eventually construct a new municipal building, with meeting
space, on a downtown property at East Second Avenue and South Chestnut Street
that previously housed the Creative Dreams business. The borough recently
assumed ownership of that vacant structure, which poses a hazard due to bowing
of an exterior wall.

Skopp said the borough wants to have the building razed by the end of the month.
It will be necessary to reroute traffic in the vicinity during the two- to
three-day demolition process.

Meanwhile, at its Monday meeting, council approved exoneration of an estimated
$1,912.95 in back property taxes due on the parcel since 2006.

Borough Solicitor Rachel Riedel said she is awaiting word by week's end from the
state Department of Environmental Protection, which is expected to issue
comments addressing a cleanup plan proposed by owner Marlborough U.S. Realty
Holdings for its Porcelain Park property. That multi-tenant industrial and
warehouse facility has become a longstanding eyesore in the community since
portions of the former ceramics plant were demolished, leaving debris on the
expansive property on West Third Street.

If the DEP acts as anticipated, Riedel said, it will give the owner until Aug. 1
to take action on the cleanup plan.

Council member Kristine Melville said state Sen. Kim Ward of Westmoreland County
has offered the borough help in seeking a resolution to the delayed cleanup.
Skopp said council intends to invite Ward to its Aug. 3 work session.

"At this point, I'll take all the help we can get," Councilman Todd Krehlik said
about borough concerns with the Porcelain Park property. "We're spinning our
wheels."

Riedel indicated the question of taxes due on the Porcelain Park property during
the past few years remains unresolved. At issue are changes in the property's
assessed value and its status as a state Keystone Opportunity Zone, which offers
exemption from many taxes for a set period of time.

In other business, council renewed a lease for four years with Copier
Corporation, which supplies a copy machine for the borough office. The monthly
lease of $139.78 will take effect Aug. 1.

Council also agreed to purchase road salt from North American Salt, at a cost of
$63.45 per ton. The price was obtained through the Indiana-Westmoreland Council
of Governments.

Borough Secretary Lori Latta said the supplier will require Derry to take
delivery of at least 80 percent of the tonnage that was bid, compared to 60
percent in previous purchase agreements.

Typically, the borough purchases 600 tons for the winter season, Latta noted.

To see more of The Blairsville Dispatch or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.pittsburghlive.com/x/blairsvilledispatch/. Copyright (c) 2009, The
Blairsville Dispatch, Pa. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services.
For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090612-DH-Housing
-authority-to-take-over-Derry-senior-citizen-facility-0612

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DH


                                 Copyright 2009


                             770 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 15, 2014 Tuesday

Agriculture, Rural Housing Service: Single Family Housing Technician
DEU-KY-2014-4602

LENGTH: 2953  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of Personnel Management has issued the following job announcement:

Job Title:Single Family Housing Technician

Department:Department Of Agriculture

Agency:Agriculture, Rural Housing Service

Job Announcement Number:DEU-KY-2014-4602
SALARY RANGE:
 $31,628.00 to $45,828.00 / Per Year
OPEN PERIOD:
 Tuesday, April 15, 2014 to Thursday, April 24, 2014
SERIES & GRADE:
 GS-1101-05/06
POSITION INFORMATION:
 Full-Time - Permanent
PROMOTION POTENTIAL:
07
DUTY LOCATIONS:
 1 vacancy - Lexington, KY View Map
WHO MAY APPLY:
 US Citizens and Nationals; no prior Federal experience is required.
SECURITY CLEARANCE:
 Not Applicable
SUPERVISORY STATUS:
 No
JOB SUMMARY:

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural Development Agency serves rural
communities throughout the country by investing in their communities through
housing and utility infrastructure, by increasing economic opportunity, and by
improving the quality of life for all rural Americans.  Rural Development
provides over 40 loan and grant programs in the Rural Housing and Community
Facilities Services, Rural Business and Cooperative Services, and Rural
Utilities Service. Rural Development supports a positive work environment and
promotes diversity and inclusion for nearly 5,000 employees.

Rural Development is a dynamic organization recruiting for employees who possess
the energy, compassion, and commitment to serve those in rural communities and
will enjoy working in a fast paced and results driven organization.  Our
commitment is to expand economic opportunity and quality of life in all of rural
America by providing financial programs to support essential public facilities
and services such as water and sewer systems, housing, health clinics, emergency
service facilities and electric and telephone service.  Rural Development offers
a friendly and professional working environment and such excellent benefits as:
a generous salary, alternative work schedules, paid vacation and sick leave,
paid holidays, retirement and supplemental savings plan, a wide array of health,
dental, vision, and life insurance plans, flexible spending accounts, and
long-term care insurance.

This announcement may be used to fill additional or subsequent vacancies that
are identified by the organization.

TRAVEL REQUIRED

Not Required

RELOCATION AUTHORIZED

No

KEY REQUIREMENTS

US Citizenship is required.
    Selective Service Registration is required for males born after 12/31/1959.
    A 1-year probationary period is required.
    Background Investigation is required.

DUTIES:
Back to top

Provide technical assistance and advice to applicants and lenders by explaining
eligibility and matters relating to loan processing and other requirements of
the direct Single Family Housing Program and Guaranteed Loan Program.
    Assists with outreach initiatives for both the Guaranteed and direct loan
programs.
    Develops spread sheets for maintaining records and generating periodic and
special reports for use in analyzing phases of Single Family Housing activities.

    Insures application package is complete and documents submitted are
accordance with instructions and procedural requirements.
    Maintain a variety of automated systems for loan making and loan servicing.

QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED:
Back to top

Applicants must meet all qualification and eligibility requirements by the
closing date of the announcement including the following specialized experience
and identified by the grade level.

For GS-05: Applicants must have 1 year of specialized experience equivalent to
at least the GS-04; or its non-Federal equivalent that demonstrates:  Basic loan
and/or grant processing experience such as receiving, screening, reviewing, and
verifying documents; maintaining records; compiling information; providing
readily available information orally or by written correspondence; and applying
guidelines. OR bachelor's or equivalent degree or 4 full years of progressively
higher level education leading to such a degree. Equivalent combination of
education and experience are qualifying for this grade level.

For GS-06: Applicants must have 1 year of specialized experience equivalent to
at least the GS-05; or its non-Federal equivalent that demonstrates: Providing
information on mortgage loan and/or grant programs; accepting and verifying loan
and/or grant matters; maintaining various program reports of loan and/or grant
activities; and ensuring current information is included in the resource
database.  There is no substitution of education for experience at the GS-06
level.

NOTE: To be considered for this position, you must meet all qualification and
eligibility requirements for the GS-1101 series set forth in the Office of
Personnel Management (OPM) Qualifications Standards by the closing date of the
announcement. A copy is available at:
http://www.opm.gov/qualifications/index.asp.


o  May be subject to satisfactory completion of one year probationary or trial
period.
o  Have your salary sent to a financial institution of your choice by Direct
Deposit/Electronic Funds Transfer.
o  If you are newly hired, the documentation you present for purposes of
completing the Department Homeland Security (DHS) Form I-9 on your entry-on-duty
date will be verified through the DHS "E-VERIFY" system. Federal law requires
the use of E-VERIFY to confirm the employment eligibility of all new hires.
Under this system, the new hire is required to resolve any identified
discrepancies as a condition of continued employment.
o  To be eligible for appointment to this position, the new hire must be cleared
to come on board once the results of the fingerprint check, review of the
OF-306, Declaration for Federal Employment, and the candidate's Electronic
Questionnaires for Investigations Processing (eQIP) entries have been reviewed
and determined to be satisfactory.
HOW YOU WILL BE EVALUATED:

The category rating procedure is used to rank and select eligible candidates.
Under category rating, applicants who meet basic minimum qualification
requirements established for the position and whose job related competencies
have been assessed are ranked by being placed in one of the following
categories: Best Qualified, Well Qualified, and Qualified. Preference eligibles
are listed ahead of non-preference eligibles within each category.
    You will be evaluated based on your qualifications for this position as
evidenced by the education, experience, and training you described in your
application package, as well as the responses to the Occupational Questionnaire
to determine the degree to which you possess the knowledge, skills, abilities
and competencies listed below:

Knowledge of loan and/or grant making and servicing policies and procedures.
        Skill in planning, scheduling, and organizing work.
        Knowledge of computer applications.
        Oral Communication.
        Written Communication.
        Office Skills.

We will review your application, including the online Occupational
Questionnaire, to ensure you meet the job requirements and assess your ability
to perform this job. Before any certificate can be issued to the selecting
official, the resume and supporting documents are reviewed by an HR Specialist
to ensure that (a) minimum qualification requirements are met and (b) the resume
supports the answers provided to the job-specific questions. Your answers will
be verified against information provided in your online resume and application.
Be sure that your resume clearly supports your responses to all the questions
addressing experience and education relevant to this position.

Veterans' Preference:  Preference eligibles will be listed at the top of their
assigned category, before non-preference eligibles in that category.  Preference
eligibles who have a compensable service-connected disability of 10 percent or
more (CPS, CP) are placed at the top of the Best Qualified category on the
referral list.  XP and TP preference eligibles are placed above non-preference
eligibles within their assigned category.  For additional information on
entitlement see:  http://www.fedshirevets.gov/job/vetpref/index.aspx

Note: If, after reviewing your resume and / or supporting documentation, a
determination is made that you have inflated your qualifications and or
experience, your score can / will be lowered to more accurately reflect the
submitted documentation. Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or
omissions may affect your rating. Deliberate attempts to falsify information may
be grounds for not selecting you.

To view the application form, visit:
https://rhs.usda.ntis.gov/cp/?event=jobs.previewApplication&jobid=cc81dd28-202f-
4bcc-8b16-a30d00994e8a

BENEFITS:
Back to top

You can review our benefits at: The Federal Government offers a comprehensive
benefits package. Explore the major benefits offered to most Federal employees
at: <a
href="http://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/healthcare/enrollment/new-federal-
employee-enrollment/"
target="_blank">http://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/healthcare/enrollment/ne
w-federal-employee-enrollment/</a>


OTHER INFORMATION:
o  If you are a male applicant born after December 31, 1959, certify that you
have registered with the Selective Service System or are exempt from having to
do so.
o  This position is eligible for telework and other flexible work arrangements.
Employee participation is at the discretion of the supervisor.
o  Persons with disabilities who require alternative means for communication of
program information (Braille, large print, audiotape, etc) should contact:
USDA's TARGET Center at 202-720-2600 (voice and TDD).
o  Career Transition Assistance Plan(CTAP) or Interagency Career Transition
Assistance Plan (ICTAP):   If you are claiming CTAP/ICTAP eligibility, provide
proof of eligibility to include your most recent performance appraisal, SF-50,
and proof of eligibility such as a RIF separation notice or letter from OPM/your
agency.  CTAP/ICTAP eligibles must receive a score of at least well-qualified or
above.  Information about CTAP/ICTAP eligibility is on OPM's Career Transition
Resources website at http://www.opm.gov/ctap/index.asp.
o  BACKGROUND INVESTIGATION AND FINGERPRINT CHECK:  Selection and retention in
this position is contingent on a successfully adjudicated FBI National Criminal
History Check (fingerprint check) and a background investigation.
o  If you are selected for a position with further promotion potential, you will
be placed under a career development plan, and may be non-competitively promoted
if you successfully complete the requirements and if recommended by management.
However, promotion is neither implied nor guaranteed.
HOW TO APPLY:
Back to top

Please read the entire announcement and all the instructions before you begin.
The following instructions outline our application process.

You must complete this application process and submit all required documents
electronically by 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time (ET) on the closing date of this
announcement.
    We are available to assist you during business hours (normally 8:00 a.m. -
4:00 p.m., Monday - Friday). Applying online is highly encouraged. If you cannot
apply on-line, call the number listed under Agency Contact Information prior to
the closing date to request a hard copy of the complete application package.
Application packages will be sent to applicant.  The completed package along
with any required supporting documents must be received in the HR Office by the
closing date of the announcement.  No extension will be granted.

Step 1: Create a USAJOBS account (if you do not have one) at www.usajobs.gov. It
is recommended that as part of your profile you set up automatic email
notification to be informed when the status of your application changes. If you
choose not to set up this automatic notification, then you will have to log into
your USAJOBS account to check on the status of your application.


Step 2: Create a resume with USAJOBS or upload a resume into your USAJOBS
account. Customize your resume to ensure it documents duties and accomplishments
you have gained that are directly related to this position in order to verify
that qualifications are met. Your resume must support your responses to the
online questionnaire (you may preview the online questionnaire by clicking on
the link at the end of the How You Will Be Evaluated section of the job
announcement).

Step 3: Click "Apply Online" and follow the prompts to complete the Occupational
Questionnaire and attach any additional documents that may be required.
You can update your application or documents anytime while the announcement is
open. Log into your USAJOBS account and click on "Application Status." Click on
the position title, and then select "Update Application" to continue.
NOTE: Verify that uploaded documents from USAJOBs transfer into the Agency's
staffing system. Once in the Agency's staffing system you will have the
opportunity to upload additional documents. Uploaded resumes must be less than
3MB and in one of the following document formats: GIF, JPG, JPEG, PNG, RTF, PDF,
or Word (DOC or DOCX).


REQUIRED DOCUMENTS:

You must submit a complete Application Package, prior to 11:59, ET, on the
closing date of this announcement.  The following documents must be submitted
for your application package to be considered complete. It is your
responsibility to ensure all required documents are received within the required
timeframes. Our office cannot be responsible for incompatible software,
illegible fax transmissions, delays in the mail service, system failure or
downtime, etc. Failure to submit required, legible documents may result in loss
of consideration.

Resume that includes the following information: 1) job information for which you
are applying; 2) personal information; 3) education; 4) work experience
including the work schedule and hours worked per week as well as dates of
employment; and title, series and grade if applicable; 5) supervisors phone
number and e-mail address for each work period listed and whether or not we may
contact them for reference checks; and, 6) other qualifications.
    College Transcripts if education is required for meeting basic
qualifications and/or you are substituting education for specialized experience
and/or if you are using education to meet the criteria for the quality category.
An unofficial copy is sufficient with the application; however, if selected, an
official college transcript will be required prior to entering on duty.  All
foreign education must be evaluated by an accrediting body recognized by the US
Department of Education.
    DD-214 (Member 4 Copy) if claiming Veterans' Preference. Veterans claiming
10 point preference must also submit a VA Letter and an SF-15 Application for
10-point Veteran Preference and VA letter. Current Active Duty members must
submit a certification that they are expected to be discharged or released from
active duty under honorable conditions not later than 120 days after the date
the certification is submitted.
    Other required documents may include:
        CTAP/ICTAP Required Documentation Reduction-In-Force: Certification of
Expected Separation, Reduction-In-Force Separation Notice, or Notice of Proposed
Removal; AND most recent performance evaluation; AND SF-50 demonstrating your
separation or the position you will be separated from.
        Worker's Compensation Separation: Agency certification of inability to
place employee AND Notification of Separation OR Separation SF-50.
        Disability Annuity Termination: Notification from OPM of disability
annuity termination AND Separation SF-50 of the last position held. Military
Reserve or National Guard Technician Special Disability Retirement Annuity under
5 U.S.C. 8337(h) or 8456: Certification of special disability retirement annuity
from a military department or National Guard Bureau AND Separation SF-50 of the
last position held.

NOTE: If a document is resubmitted, it replaces the previous submission, which
means the previous document is no longer available to the Human Resources
Office. If you are adding to, rather than replacing a previous submission, you
must upload both the old document and the new document. Please verify that
documents you are uploading from USAJOBs transfer into the Agency's staffing
system as there is a limitation to the number of documents that can be
transferred. However, once in the Agency's staffing system, you will have the
opportunity to upload additional documents. Uploaded resumes must be less than
3MB and in one of the following document formats: GIF, JPG, JPEG, PNG, RTF, PDF,
or Word (DOC or DOCX).
AGENCY CONTACT INFO:
Nancy Fitzgerald
Phone: 314-457-5565
Fax: 314-457-4461
Email: nancy.fitzgerald@stl.usda.gov
Agency Information:
USDA, Rural Development
4300 Goodfellow Boulevard
St. Louis, Missouri,
63120
USA
Fax: 314-457-4461
WHAT TO EXPECT NEXT:
If you set up your USAJOBS account to send automatic email notifications, you
will receive an email acknowledging: 1) the submission of your online
Occupational Questionnaire and resume was successful,  2) if you were referred
to the selecting official for consideration, and  3) if you were selected or not
selected. If you choose not to set up automatic email notifications, you must
check your USAJOBS account for the latest status of your application. Your
application may be reviewed to verify that you meet the qualifications and
eligibility requirements for the position prior to issuing lists to a selecting
official. If further evaluation or interviews are required, you will be
contacted. Normally, a final job offer to the selected candidate is made within
30-60 days after the issuance of the certificate.

For more information please visit: https://www.usajobs.gov/

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             771 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                     Monroe County Appeal (Paris, Missouri)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  July 7, 2011

USDA invites applications for Value Added Producer Grant to assist farmers;
Investing in Rural America Essential to Job Creation and Business Growth

BYLINE: Monroe County Appeal staff

LENGTH: 396  words


Deputy Agriculture Secretary Kathleen Merrigan announced that applications are
being accepted for grants to provide economic assistance to independent
producers, farmer and rancher cooperatives and agricultural producer groups
through the Value-Added Producer Grant Program.

"By creating value-added products, farmers and ranchers can expand economic
opportunities, create jobs and keep wealth in rural communities," Merrigan
said."These funding opportunities will promote business expansion and
entrepreneurship by helping local businesses get access to capital, technical
assistance and new markets for their products and servic-es.

Application deadline is Monday, Aug. 29. For further details about eligibility
rules and application procedures, see the June 28, Federal Register. Value-Added
Producer

Grantsmay be used for feasibility studies or business plans, working capital for
marketing value-added agricultural products and for farm-based renewable energy
projects. Eligible applicants include independent producers, farmer and rancher
cooperatives, and agricultural producer groups. Value-added products are created
when a producer increases the consumer value of an agricultural commodity in the
production or processing stage.

Additional information is available by contacting Nathan Chit-wood with the
Missouri USDA Rural Development State Office at 573-876-0995. An informational
meeting and training on completion of the application packet will be held at the
Missouri USDA Rural Development State Office, 601 Business Loop 70 West, Suite
232 Parkade Center, Columbia, Missouri 65203 on Thursday, July 14, at 10 a.m.
Those interested in obtaining additional information are encouraged to attend
and/or contact Mr. Chitwood.

USDA, through its Rural Development mission area, administers and manages
housing, business and community infrastructure and facility programs through a
national network of state and local offices. Rural Development has an existing
portfolio of more than $150 billion in loans and loan guarantees. These programs
are designed to improve the economic stability of rural communities, businesses,
residents, farmers and ranchers and improve the quality of life in rural
America.

Further information on rural programs is available at a local USDA Rural
Development office or by visiting USDA Rural Development's web site at
http://www.rur-dev.usda.gov.

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MCA

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2011 Monroe County Appeal


                             772 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Cornishman

                           February 28, 2008 Thursday

Fight for our green spaces

SECTION: Pg. 34

LENGTH: 328 words


Caroline astin Penzance

Instead of building affordable housing on green field sites, as proposed in
Penwith District Council's Action Plan, might it not be a good idea to tackle
issues that have led to the housing shortage, in particular that of second
homes?

The number of second homes in Cornwall has risen from 9,233 in 2000 to 13,221 in
2006, a rise of 40%.  Last year twice as many houses sold in the St Ives
constituency went to second home buyers than to first home buyers. Up to 10% of
all housing in Cornwall is now second homes or let as holiday homes.

In some Cornish villages second home ownership is as high as 80%.  Even in towns
and villages where it is lower than this the effects are still seen on local
services; communities without a viable year round population are far less likely
to have schools, shops and all the services and community groups that make for a
pleasant place to live.

The other effect of this is to artificially inflate prices way beyond the reach
of local people.   House prices in Cornwall have risen by 153.1% since 1999, and
the average house price in Cornwall is now £208,000 compared with £191,000 in
England and Wales, yet our wages are 25% below the national average. Buying a
home in Cornwall now means - if such a thing were possible - taking out a
mortgage close to 10 times the average salary.

An article in the Daily Telegraph  of May 19, 2006 put forward for debate the
suggestion that councils should veto second home ownership.  The proposals were
put forward by the Government's Affordable Rural Housing Commission.

It seems we can have either a free market economy and everything that goes with
it - soaring house prices, 'ghost villages', towns without green spaces - or
government intervention to protect local people's right to a home of their own.
We need to ask ourselves hard questions about what we really want.  There is
still time to send in responses to the council's action plan. Fight for our
green spaces!

LOAD-DATE: February 29, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2008 The Cornishman
                              All Rights Reserved


                             773 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                              July 2, 2002 Tuesday

Three historic OK properties added to national register

BYLINE: staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 295 words


Three Oklahoma properties have been added to the National Register of Historic
Places, including Tulsa's Yorktown Historic District, Grandfield's Downtown
Historic District and the Bank of Nashville in Nash.

The addition of these three properties brings to 998 the total number of
Oklahoma properties listed in the National Register, said Architectural
Historian Jim Gabbert of the State Historic Preservation Office. The National
Register is a listing of buildings, sites, structures, objects, and districts
that are significant in U.S. history, Gabbert said.

The Yorktown Historic District in Tulsa reflects the growth of the middle class
in the city in the decade of the 1920s, said Gabbert. Roughly bounded by 16th
and 17th streets, Victor and Wheeling avenues, 20th Street and Lewis Avenue, the
Yorktown neighborhood is differentiated from the nearby Gillette and Swan Lake
neighborhoods by the sizes and styles of the house.

The Grandfield Downtown Historic District consists of the heart of the
commercial center of this Tillman County city. The buildings along Second Street
represent the range of commercial and service ventures found in agricultural
towns in western Oklahoma.

The fortunes of Grandfield are reflected in its buildings, and the history of
the area can be read on each facade, Gabbert said. The city and its citizens
sponsored the nomination to the National Register.

The Bank of Nashville is on a prominent corner in the Grant County town of Nash.
It is the only standing two-story commercial building in Nash and had recently
fallen into a state of disrepair. The building has been saved through the
efforts of the New Nashville Historical Preservation Association, who are
continuing to raise funds to rehabilitate the building.

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: General news

                      Copyright 2002 Dolan Media Newswires
                                All Rights Reserved


                             774 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

The Emerging Role of the Manufactured Home

                             March 26, 1979, Monday

By ROBERT L. BERNER, Vice president, Citicorp, New York, and member of the
board, Manufactured Housing Institute, Chicago


From a shakey start before World War II, the mobile home industry became the
stopgap to fill the void in housing availability during the war and the service
thereafter.  It did that well and many builders and investors were saying mobile
homes would take over a lion's share of the housing market from that time
forward.  If the optimistic predictions of that period had been realized, most
American's would now be living in these structures.

After the boom period of the '40s, manufacturers assumed that what they had to
produce was a unit that looked like, lived like, and met the expectations of the
typical conventional home buyer.

It took some time to discover that the mobile home buyers of the late '40s and
'50s were not looking just for an inexpensive place to live, but had found for
themselves an entirely new way of life.  Manufacturers soon learned that their
innovative efforts to make a unit that looked like a conventional house were not
doing well in the market place.  Rather, the units with the round windows, metal
siding and futuristic appearance were carrying the sales volume.

Not without reason, manufacturers stayed with these designs, looked more closely
at their customers, and discovered two important facts: one, most of their
buyers could afford a conventional house but chose a mobile home instead; and
two, people living in mobile homes had a somewhat different lifestyle.  One of
our board members, who has been in this business for a long time, recently
pointed this out.

He is an engineer, a profession not normally associated with this business many
years ago.  He found that the people working in the plant manufacturing mobile
homes could not afford to buy the product which they produced.  Secondly, he
found that the more they tried to make his product look like a conventional
house, the more sales resistance he encountered.  Because of these factors,
builders of the '50s and early '60s continued to produce units which met the
needs of a special market.  Units became longer, wider and more luxurious.  They
were placed in better mobile home parks, found their way into rural and small
town markets, and increasingly were purchased for retirement homes or second
homes in recreational areas.

The first factor was cost.  In the 1940s it was not difficult to find a
conventional house at a price which was reasonably affordable.  This held true
for many years, until the 1970s when conventional housing rapidly took on the
posture of a sizable, then overbearing investment to a large portion of the home
buying public.

The next factor was size and appearance.  After gaining approval in many states
to transport larger and larger units over the highways, the industry increased
its capability by developing multi-section units -- two or more structures which
could be joined together at the home site to form structures of 1,000-2,000, or
more, square feet of living space.

During this time, the Federal government also got involved, as it does today in
almost everything.  The department of Housing and Urban Development established
a national building code for the industry.  Today the only single family housing
units in America which are required to meet high standards of material,
construction and safety because of Federal regulations are mobile homes.

These factors spelled out two things.  One, the well established market for the
conventional mobile home was firm and the industry has a bright future in
continuing to supply this market.  And two, a new market was emerging that could
offer competition with the conventional home market.

We at the Manufactured Housing Institute watched these trends and decided that
two major factors needed modification if we were to move the industry as rapidly
as the market demanded.

First, we would have to do something about zoning.  We are now producing units
which we believe are the equal of conventional houses.  However, we knew that
zoning boards were still viewing our product as transient housing which should
be grouped closely together on the outskirts of town.  We have gone to the state
legislatures, town counsels, mayor's offices, zoning boards, and sometimes to
the courts.  We are happy to report that much progress has been made.  Today
many of our units are side-by-side with conventional houses in residential
neighborhoods.  As a matter of fact, entire subdivisions classified residential
are being developed exclusively with mobile/manufactured homes.  Although we
have much more to accomplish, zoning changes are taking place which open new
neighborhoods to our product.

The second major area we have worked on is that of financing.  We were faced
with the circumstance where lending institutions were still viewing our product
much as they did the purchase of an automobile -- personal property with a
relatively short life and a decreasing value from the time of purchase.  This is
a false impression.

Not only is the quality and safety of our product assured through government
regulation, but we are finding that our homes are appreciating, not
depreciating.  Our manufacturers and dealers have been working with local
lending institutions with the result that more and more lenders are providing
their customers with loans that are in keeping with the high quality of the
product.

Representing our members, the Manufactured Housing Institute went to Congress to
get fair treatment for our product within the various loan guarantee programs
the government provides.  We can now report that Congress responded and the loan
guarantee market for our product is virtually the same as that for conventional
housing.

What all this means is that it is time for the financial community to take a
good look at our industry.  The high quality factory-built home is no longer a
promise about to be fulfilled.  Our product today meets rigid building codes, is
low in cost, outstanding in design, and deserves longterm financing.

A few financial facts about our product, mobile/manufactured homes, underscore
this point.

The name mobile/manufactured homes is descriptive because our homes are
constructed in well-planned, highly-efficient factories that produce several
homes a day using production methods.  Labor costs are greatly reduced by not
having to depend upon weather conditions and the scheduling of subcontractors,
which slows the process of building conventional homes.  Construction standards,
set by Federal regulations of the Department of Housing and Urban Development,
are quality controlled by experts having constant and immediate contact with the
manufacturing process.  In contrast, the conventional sitebuilt home is
subjected to rain, ice, snow and wind over a period of weeks or months during
its construction.  The building contractor of the site-built home is ultimately
the quality control inspector, but more often than not he is away from the site
during the many critical phases on construction.  Because of the factors of cost
and regulated quality, the manufactured house has become a significant factor in
the new home market, especially at the lower cost levels.

The Manufactured Housing Institute sponsored a survey of financial institutions
covering the year of 1977.  The survey sought to identify trends in loan
practices related to manufactured homes, and, to the extent possible from such a
research instrument, to identify factors which might slow the growth of the
industry due to outdated or restrictive financing practices.

Nearly 80% of the financial institutions responding to the survey reported that
they do provide manufactured home financing.  Respondents to the survey
represented holders of 46% of the retail paper outstanding -- $14.6 billion.
The value of mobile home retail paper outstanding is divided among: Banks $8.9
billion Finance companies $3.1 billion Savings and loans $2.5 billion Credit
unions $0.3 billion

This means that just over 60% of financing was with banks, with the balance
closely divided between finance companies and S&Ls.

The 425 financial institutions who replied to the survey reported doing business
in manufactured housing consumer financing of about $6.6 billion in gross dollar
volume during 1977.  This average out at slightly more than $15.5 million per
institution.  This average was up from $14.1 million per institution in 1976.
The three major sources of mobile home loans reported the following changes in
average loan.

Amount in 1976 and 1977: 1976 1977 Banks $8,963 $10,279 Finance companies 9,245
9,143 S&Ls 13,029 13,975

While the overall average went up slightly, the real gain was among banks.
Finance companies and savings and loans remained about the same.

Over the past ten years, the change in the configurations of manufactured homes
has been reflected in sales and financing.  An innovation in the market, the
multi-section manufactured home has grown from 8.2% of the market in 1968 to 30%
in 1977.

The average minimum down payment on single-section manufactured homes went up
from slightly under 16% in 1976 and slightly over 16% in 1977.  Multisection
manufactured home minimum down payment averages also increased from slightly
under 17% in 1976 to 17.5% in 1977.  However, on the single-and multi-section
homes, finance companies reported an average decrease in down payments to under
11% in 1977 from slightly over 12% in 1976 on single units, and about 13% in
1977 down from 15.5% required in 1976 on multi-section homes.

Delinquencies in monthly payments declined in 1977.  The overall decline was
from 4.0% in December 1976 to 3.4% in December 1957.

Repossession data published by the American Bankers Association shows
substantial improvement from January, 1977, to December 1977.  The rate per
1,000 loans fell from 2.22 to 1.47 during this period.

Average maturity of new loans is another way of measuring trends in manufactured
home financing.  Between 1976 and 1977 average maturity of new loans on
single-section homes from 114.45 months to 115.9 months, and on multisection
homes from 136.0 months to 138.4 months.  In both cases average maturity of new
loans increased for banks and finance companies but declined slightly for S&Ls.

In general, banks and finance companies have been in the manufactured housing
market for a longer period than S&Ls.  On the average, banks report 12 years
experience, finance companies only slightly under 12 years, and savings and
loans, just over 7 years.

As part of our report on manufactured home financing in 1977, The Manufactured
Housing Institute reprinted interviews with leading authorities in this field
that had been conducted by Mobile Home Merchandiser, an industry trade magazine.
Their observations provide insight into problems and trends in the area of home
financing.

From the views expressed, it is clear that a lack of what people view as
affordable housing is developing.While demand for site-built housing is still
high, it has been priced into a market which is not affordable by an
increasingly large segment of the population.  The average cost of a new site
-built home is over $64,000 while the average for a manufactured home is about
$15,200.  Moreover, if the cost of land is removed, the difference in price per
square foot becomes dramatic -- in 1977, $24.75 per square foot for site-built
houses and $13.75 for manufactured homes.  A difference of $11.00 because of
this difference, manufactured housing is taking an increasing share of the
lower-priced housing market.  What keeps this trend from accelerating at a
greater rate is the difference in policy for zoning and financing these two
forms of single-family, owner-occupied homes.

It is agreed that these differences should not occur to the extent they do.
Some financial institutions are still looking at the money market in terms of
short-term loans for manufactured homes.  Given changes in the manufacturing
process and regulation by HUD setting rigid standards for mobile/manufactured
housing, there is less justification for financing manufactured homes
differently than site-built homes.

Congress recognized this fact in 1978, and with the strong encouragement of the
Manufactured Housing Institute greatly expanded Federal policy on loan
guarantees, length of loans and interest rates.  Financial institutions are
likely to follow this lead, making it more possible for lower-to-middle-income
families to own manufactured homes.  This should lead to a bright future for the
manufactured housing industry, and an expanding market for financial
institutions.  It also means that the promise of the '40s -- that the
manufactured home would successfully compete with the conventional house in the
market place -- is at long last being realized!

"This should lead to a bright future for the manufactured housing industry, and
an expanding market for financial institutions."

SECTION: Pg. 12

LENGTH: 2152 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1979 American Banker, Inc.


                             775 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             The Glenville Democrat

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 August 6, 2009

Gilmer County VFD Approved for Rural Development Funds

BYLINE: The Glenville Democrat staff

LENGTH: 252  words


Acting State Director Dianne Goff Crysler announced that Rural Development
approved a Community Facilities loan in the amount of $90,000 and grant of
$50,000 for the Gilmer County Volunteer Fire Department.

Rural Development funds will be used to assist in purchasing a new tank truck.
Crysler added, "A reliable tanker is needed to shuttle water in areas without
hydrants and for situations that require decontamination of hazardous
materials."

Rural Development serves as the lead Federal entity for rural development needs
and administers program assistance through its housing, business/cooperative,
community and infrastructure programs. The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA)
prohibits discrimination in all its programs and activities on the basis of
race, color, national origin, age, disability and where applicable, sex, marital
status, familial status, parental status, religion, sexual orientation, genetic
information, political beliefs, reprisal, or because all or part of an or the
fact that an individual's income is derived from any public assistance program.

Further information on USDA Rural Development may be obtained by visiting USDA's
web site at http:/ /www.rurdev.usda.gov. In West Virginia, call 1-800-295-8228
to be put in touch with the appropriate personnel serving your county. Persons
with disabilities who require alternative means for communication of program
information (Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.) should contact USDA's TARGET
Center at 202-720-2600 (voice and TDD).

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Accomplishment

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GNV

                      Copyright 2009 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                     Copyright 2009 The Glenville Democrat


                             776 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Orange County Register (California)

                             April 7, 2009 Tuesday
                                   1 Edition

FTC complaint targets loan modification firm;
Irvine company allegedly charged fees for little work.

BYLINE: By MATHEW PADILLA; The Orange County Register

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. BizCover_A

LENGTH: 765 words


The Obama administration said Monday that federal and state agencies are
coordinating efforts to stop swindlers who prey on people in jeopardy of losing
their homes.

As part of the effort, the Federal Trade Commission announced five legal actions
against alleged perpetrators of mortgage-related scams, including
Irvine-basedFederal Loan Modification Law Center. The FTC accused the company of
charging upfront fees of $1,000 to $3,000 for help getting a loan modification
but often failing to get the modification.

The FTC also said: "In radio advertisements, the FTC alleges, (the law center)
induces homeowners to call its toll-free number by misrepresenting that it is
part of or affiliated with the federal government, although it is not. According
to the complaint, (the law center) often fails to answer or return consumers'
calls or provide updates about the status of their loan modifications, and
assures consumers that negotiations with their lenders are proceeding when, in
fact, little or no effort has been made to contact the lender."

Nabile "Bill" Anz, managing attorney for Federal Loan Modification Law Center
and one of three people named in the FTC complaint filed Friday, said his
company may have been aggressive, but it has obeyed the law. He is willing to
work with the FTC to change any practices it condemns, including the company
name, Anz said.

Since getting up and running in December, Anz said, the company has taken on
about 5,000 clients and achieved loan modifications for 1,000.

The company refunds consumer fees if it fails to get a loan modification, Anz
said. So far about 10 percent of his clients have requested a refund or already
received one, he said.

Anz said he is running a law firm, and lawyers have a place in the mortgage
business.

"We are talking about negotiating a contract on behalf of a third party," Anz
said. "Only attorneys are allowed to do that."

However, consumers in trouble can seek help from nonprofit agencies certified by
the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development. Help is free, but there
may be a waiting list.

Law firms can collect advance fees for loan modification work. Other companies
in California must first get approval from the state Department of Real Estate
to collect advance fees.

The FTC also has taken action against a local man for creating a Web site
offering loan help that gave the false impression of being government-backed.
The agency has shut down the site, bailout.hud-guv.us, and a related site. A
preliminary injunction against Thomas Ryan lists a Newport Beach address for
him. A call to Ryan was not immediately returned.

And the FTC sent warning letters to 71 companies that are marketing "potentially
deceptive" loan modification or other foreclosure rescue programs.

Despite being targeted, Anz said it is a good thing the government is trying to
clean up the mortgage aid business.

"There are real criminals, real bad people out there," Anz said. "We do need to
get rid of a lot of shady characters."

Fraud watch

Homeowners do not have to pay to participate in the administration's Making Home
Affordable program. Homeowners can locate free housing counselors at
makinghomeaffordable.gov or by calling 888-995-HOPE.

Frauds often involve companies with official-sounding names designed to make
borrowers think they are using the Obama administration's efforts to help modify
or refinance 7 million to 9 million mortgages.

"If you are struggling to make your mortgage payment or if you are facing
foreclosure, stay away from anyone who says that they will save your home for
money upfront,"

Illinois Attorney General Lisa Madigan told reporters in Washington.

Officials say such operations almost always are fraudulent and that help is
available for free from government-approved housing counselors.

"These are predatory schemes designed to rob Americans of their savings and
potentially their homes," Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner said. "We will
shut down fraudulent companies more quickly than before. We will target
companies that otherwise would have gone unnoticed under the radar."

The FBI is investigating about 2,100 mortgage fraud cases, a 400 percent
increase from five years ago, Attorney General Eric Holder said Monday. "If you
prey on vulnerable homeowners with fraudulent mortgage schemes or discriminate
against borrowers, we will find you and we will punish you," Holder said.

Federal Trade Commission Chairman Jon Liebowitz announces a coordinated
government effort to protect homeowners seeking loan assistance from
unscrupulous companies.

714-796-6726 or  mapadilla@ocregister.com

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2009 The Orange County Register (California)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             777 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              April 4, 2004 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

Spotsylvania To Host Reenactment;
Civil War Buffs Hope Event Will Help Stave Off Development

BYLINE: Michelle Boorstein, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Metro; C01

LENGTH: 790 words


Things have been looking up for preservationists and Civil War buffs in
Spotsylvania County. Last summer, they defeated a proposal to build an entire
new town, with office space and retail shops and 2,000 houses, on the site of
the Battle of Chancellorsville. In the fall, they took a majority on the Board
of Supervisors.

Now they're about to celebrate with a massive reenactment of the Battle of
Spotsylvania.

For the first time since the 1960s, the pivotal 1864 battle will be re-created
next month in the county where it was fought, complete with a pyrotechnical
adviser, 4,000 reenactors and a curved, quarter-mile-long battle trench built to
look just like the real one, known as the "Mule Shoe" or the Bloody Angle.

Many Civil War buffs -- especially in Spotsylvania -- believe that this battle,
in which the war's two titans, Robert E. Lee and Ulysses S. Grant, really
engaged for the first time, has been lost in the shuffle of history and its
importance unfairly dwarfed by Gettysburg and Antietam.

Spotsylvania also marked a radical change in fighting style, with soldiers
digging extensive trenches -- also called earthworks -- and living in them,
extending them 15 to 20 miles over the 14-day battle. The trenches were
typically five feet deep, had alleys and were elaborately reinforced with logs
and other engineering devices. The battle in the Bloody Angle alone included 22
hours of fighting by as many as 30,000 troops, more than one-third of whom were
killed.

"Spotsylvania is where the duel was really fought between Lee and Grant -- two
weeks of fighting as these two great leaders tried to out-general one another,"
said Jim Campi, spokesman for the Civil War Preservation Trust, which has placed
the Spotsylvania and Chancellorsville sites on its list of the 25
most-endangered battlefields in the country.

Mega-builder Toll Brothers Inc. recently purchased part of the Chancellorsville
site, and the land is zoned for 225 houses. Although the company's Web site
already has model houses for sale there, preservationists say they hope they can
negotiate a land purchase or at least a reduction in the number of houses.

The reenactment, May 7-9, and its sponsorship by the county -- at a cost of
$200,000 -- marks a cultural and political change in Spotsylvania, where
preservationists have roared back in the past couple years in response to
high-speed development.

Although the Spotsylvania battlefield does not even have a visitors center,
preservationists helped elect a majority of supervisors who are beginning to
focus on historic tourism. Last spring, the county established a tourism
commission charged with promoting history, and the reenactment is its first real
event. County officials also are talking about putting some of the proceeds from
the reenactment into a fund for acquiring land it wants to preserve from
development.

A rural county 15 years ago, Spotsylvania has lost most of its working farms.
Rural landowners today have to choose between selling to developers or paying
ever-rising property taxes. A case in point is the site of the reenactment,
Belvedere Plantation, a 1,000-acre working farm that now hosts such events as a
corporate team-building program held in a corn maze and a "Punkin Chunkin,"
which involves catapulting pumpkins out of a cannon.

The reenactment will be held at the plantation because the National Park
Service, which owns the preserved part of the actual battlefield, feared that it
could not accommodate a three-day event expected to attract at least 10,000
people a day.

With Spotsylvania rapidly becoming a bedroom community for Washington, the
reenactment is a way to educate new residents about the region's history, said
Doug Barnes, interim deputy county administrator. It also will be the first
major test of the historic tourism strategy that preservationists used to fight
development.

"If [the reenactment] does well, there will be more things like it. If it
doesn't, my guess is they won't do it again," said Robert Lee Hodge, a longtime
Civil War reenactor and preservationist who is organizing the 140th anniversary
reenactment.

Hodge, who was named after Robert E. Lee and wore a Confederate cap in his
first-grade photo, noted that some preservationists question whether
reenactments ultimately help their cause.

"When you look at reenacting, it's something easily made fun of by South Park
and the Comedy Channel. When you break it down to the lowest common denominator,
you're talking about a subculture of people who dress up in clothes from 140
years ago," he said. "But when you go to a battlefield, unless you have a great
imagination, it's just a field. How do you connect, especially with kids, when
you're up against so much stimulation?"

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2004 The Washington Post


                             778 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Irish Times

                                November 2, 1999

Eco-village plan gains support

BYLINE: By TIM O'BRIEN, Regional Development Correspondent

SECTION: CITY EDITION; HOME NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 293 words


A number of high-profile architects, academics and building professionals have
lent their support to the development of a 40-house eco-village which
environmentalists plan to build on a 100-acre rural site within an hour's drive
of Dublin's M50.

The Village, as the project is to be called, is intended to be a model for
sustainable development offering homes which are constructed to modern,
environmentally-friendly standards, using renewable resources and utilising
highly active waste-management strategies. The Village will include two
community facilities, and identify possibilities for the development of small
businesses.

Among the directors of the project are the Green Party TD, Mr John Gormley, Mr
Brian O'Brien of the Dublin Co-Housing Group, Ms Caroline Conroy, a solicitor
and chairwoman of the Dublin Food Co-op, and Mr Ross Coakley, a civil engineer.

The project directors have identified a number of suitable sites, one in Meath
and one in east Offaly, where they feel they can buy suitable land for (pounds)
500,000 to (pounds) 600,000. They are organising a fund-raising drive, with a
number of investors to provide loans of up to (pounds) 30,000 each. In all, the
project aims to raise (pounds) 1.2 million.

In return for their loans, investors will receive a site, complete with outline
planning permission, and become part of the Village community. The Village will
be run as a co-operative. Investors may alternatively guarantee loans from the
Tridos Bank, which supports environmentally-friendly ventures. Investors may
withdraw their money at any time and shares may be traded.

The Village may be contacted at Sustainable Projects Ireland Ltd, 15 Ostman
Place, Manor Street, Dublin 7, or through email: thevillage(at)tinet.ie

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 1999 The Irish Times


                             779 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 14, 2014 Friday

Wisconsin: Village of Darien Celebrates Opening of New Municipal Building

LENGTH: 883  words

DATELINE: Madison


Launch in Wisconsin has issued the following news release:

United States Congressman Paul Ryan and USDA Rural Development Wisconsin State
Director, Stan Gruszynski, joined the Wisconsin Economic Development Corporation
(WEDC) and the Community Development Authority of the Village of Darien; along
with village leaders, for a ribbon cutting ceremony today to celebrate the
completion of construction of the Village of Dairen's new municipal building.

Located in the historic downtown business district, the new building now houses
both the Village offices and the Village police department.

"I would like to commend those local officials and community leaders who worked
to bring this proposal to reality. The result is a safe, modern, community
facility for village business, community events, and public use," said Stan
Gruszynski, USDA Rural Development Wisconsin State Director. "It stands as a
sensible and practical example of the importance of initiative, cooperation, and
federal appropriations toward making positive difference in the function of
local government and the citizens served by their action."

Previously, the Village of Darien's administrative and police offices were
located in two separate buildings, both 70-plus years old and in need of
significant upgrades. By consolidating the Village Hall and Police Department
into one expanded facility, the village will experience both cost and efficiency
savings. The construction project included a remodel of the village-owned
building; demolition of several old, vacant adjacent buildings; and the
construction of a new addition. The completion of new Village Hall will help to
revitalize the downtown area and the community.

"This is the perfect combination of government working for the people. This is
the first investment for our historical downtown redevelopment program. The
Village of Darien purchased this property ten years ago with hopes of building a
Municipal Building. After years of saving, and the help of WEDC and the USDA
Rural Development program, this is nothing short of a dream come true for our
residents.   We could not have funded this project without their assistance,"
said Diana Dykstra, Executive Director of the Community Development Authority of
the Village of Darien.

"We are pleased to support Darien in a project that not only provides a more
efficient and modern municipal building, but also has the potential to spur
future development downtown," said Reed Hall, secretary and CEO of WEDC, the
state's lead economic development agency. "This project is special to me because
Darien was the first community to receive one of our Community Development
Investment Grants, a program that has since benefited dozens of communities
around the state."

In the process the State Historical Preservation Office determined the location
of the Village's municipal building to be a site of historical significance. The
Village of Darien is applying to have the downtown area listed as a historic
district on the Register of Historic places for the State of Wisconsin and the
National Register of Historic Places.

The Community Development Authority of the Village of Darien received a
$1,473,000 Community Facilities Direct Loan from USDA Rural Development and a
$50,000 Community Development Investment Grant from Wisconsin Economic
Development Corporation (WEDC). The Community Development Investment Grant was a
new program launched in 2013 and the Village of Darien was the first community
to receive this Grant.

USDA Rural Development's Community Facility Programs provides financial
assistance for the development of essential community facilities in rural areas
and towns of up to 20,000 in population. Loans, guarantees and grants are
available to public entities for the construction, purchase, and/or renovation
of various essential community facilities. These facilities include schools,
libraries, childcare centers, hospitals, medical clinics, assisted living
facilities, fire and rescue stations, police stations, community centers, public
buildings and transportation projects.

USDA Rural Development's funding continues to have a dramatic impact on rural
communities across Wisconsin. Since 2009, USDA Rural Development has invested
nearly $4.5 billion on essential public facilities, small and emerging
businesses, water and sewer systems, and housing opportunities for Wisconsin
families. Each year more than 100 rural communities in Wisconsin receive
assistance from USDA Rural Development for community-improvement and
public-safety projects..

USDA Rural Development's mission is to deliver programs in a way that will
support increasing economic opportunity and improve the quality of life of rural
residents. As the lead federal agency for rural development needs, USDA Rural
Development returned over $832 million dollars this past year to rural Wisconsin
communities. Funds are used to finance and foster growth in homeownership,
business development, and critical community and technological infrastructures.
Further information on USDA Rural Development programs is available at a local
USDA Rural Development office or by visiting the web site at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/wi.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             780 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 11, 2014 Tuesday

Wisconsin: Village of Darien Celebrates Opening of New Municipal Building

LENGTH: 883  words

DATELINE: Madison


Launch in Wisconsin has issued the following news release:

United States Congressman Paul Ryan and USDA Rural Development Wisconsin State
Director, Stan Gruszynski, joined the Wisconsin Economic Development Corporation
(WEDC) and the Community Development Authority of the Village of Darien; along
with village leaders, for a ribbon cutting ceremony today to celebrate the
completion of construction of the Village of Dairen's new municipal building.

Located in the historic downtown business district, the new building now houses
both the Village offices and the Village police department.

"I would like to commend those local officials and community leaders who worked
to bring this proposal to reality. The result is a safe, modern, community
facility for village business, community events, and public use," said Stan
Gruszynski, USDA Rural Development Wisconsin State Director. "It stands as a
sensible and practical example of the importance of initiative, cooperation, and
federal appropriations toward making positive difference in the function of
local government and the citizens served by their action."

Previously, the Village of Darien's administrative and police offices were
located in two separate buildings, both 70-plus years old and in need of
significant upgrades. By consolidating the Village Hall and Police Department
into one expanded facility, the village will experience both cost and efficiency
savings. The construction project included a remodel of the village-owned
building; demolition of several old, vacant adjacent buildings; and the
construction of a new addition. The completion of new Village Hall will help to
revitalize the downtown area and the community.

"This is the perfect combination of government working for the people. This is
the first investment for our historical downtown redevelopment program. The
Village of Darien purchased this property ten years ago with hopes of building a
Municipal Building. After years of saving, and the help of WEDC and the USDA
Rural Development program, this is nothing short of a dream come true for our
residents.   We could not have funded this project without their assistance,"
said Diana Dykstra, Executive Director of the Community Development Authority of
the Village of Darien.

"We are pleased to support Darien in a project that not only provides a more
efficient and modern municipal building, but also has the potential to spur
future development downtown," said Reed Hall, secretary and CEO of WEDC, the
state's lead economic development agency. "This project is special to me because
Darien was the first community to receive one of our Community Development
Investment Grants, a program that has since benefited dozens of communities
around the state."

In the process the State Historical Preservation Office determined the location
of the Village's municipal building to be a site of historical significance. The
Village of Darien is applying to have the downtown area listed as a historic
district on the Register of Historic places for the State of Wisconsin and the
National Register of Historic Places.

The Community Development Authority of the Village of Darien received a
$1,473,000 Community Facilities Direct Loan from USDA Rural Development and a
$50,000 Community Development Investment Grant from Wisconsin Economic
Development Corporation (WEDC). The Community Development Investment Grant was a
new program launched in 2013 and the Village of Darien was the first community
to receive this Grant.

USDA Rural Development's Community Facility Programs provides financial
assistance for the development of essential community facilities in rural areas
and towns of up to 20,000 in population. Loans, guarantees and grants are
available to public entities for the construction, purchase, and/or renovation
of various essential community facilities. These facilities include schools,
libraries, childcare centers, hospitals, medical clinics, assisted living
facilities, fire and rescue stations, police stations, community centers, public
buildings and transportation projects.

USDA Rural Development's funding continues to have a dramatic impact on rural
communities across Wisconsin. Since 2009, USDA Rural Development has invested
nearly $4.5 billion on essential public facilities, small and emerging
businesses, water and sewer systems, and housing opportunities for Wisconsin
families. Each year more than 100 rural communities in Wisconsin receive
assistance from USDA Rural Development for community-improvement and
public-safety projects..

USDA Rural Development's mission is to deliver programs in a way that will
support increasing economic opportunity and improve the quality of life of rural
residents. As the lead federal agency for rural development needs, USDA Rural
Development returned over $832 million dollars this past year to rural Wisconsin
communities. Funds are used to finance and foster growth in homeownership,
business development, and critical community and technological infrastructures.
Further information on USDA Rural Development programs is available at a local
USDA Rural Development office or by visiting the web site at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/wi.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             781 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                           September 21, 2012 Friday

State backing for home ownership 'at end'

BYLINE: OLIVIA KELLY

SECTION: IRELAND; Other stories; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 412 words


STATE SUPPORT for the principle of home ownership is at an end after almost 100
years, a national housing conference has heard.

Encouraging people to buy their homes had been seen by the State as a social
good, as well as an economic one, but there was now a definite shift in policy,
UCD sociology professor Tony Fahey said.

Tenant purchase schemes were dying out and local authorities were no longer
offering loans to private buyers. The policy now is households need to be
assisted by the State if they can t afford to rent, not if they can t afford to
buy.

It had been an article of faith for almost 100 years that home ownership was a
social good and should be supported by the State . . . The historic roll the
State played in putting up capital for housing won t be repeated.

Prof Fahey was speaking at the Respond! housing association conference on the
need for a national housing plan.

Aidan Culhane, special adviser to the Department of the Environment, said it was
a good time to consider the future of housing, but  people should be very
careful what they wish for  in seeking a national housing plan.

What would a national housing plan have looked like in 2007? What would it have
looked like in 2000, when the conventional wisdom was the problem of rising
house prices was down to the lack of zoned land?

Mr Culhane said he hoped a national housing plan devised today would be humane,
sustainable and considered,  but I doubt it .

Respond! director Fr Pat Cogan said the lack of a comprehensive national housing
plan was one of the principal causes of the recession. The housing crisis was
being seen as a consequence of the recession when it was instead a cause.

In not devising a national housing plan the Government is reacting exactly the
same way as previous governments who let this crisis happen,  he said.

The Government was relying on housing agencies to provide housing for the future
because the State could not raise the money to build houses.  Expecting housing
agencies to deliver future housing stock is optimistic in the extreme when
housing agencies have also to go to the banks to raise money.

Senior planner with Limerick County Council Gerry Sheeran said a national
housing plan needed to deal with both private and social housing. Development
should focus on  brownfield  sites, vacant lands or derelict buildings within
cities and towns instead of suburban or rural greenfield sites, and a stop
should be put to the growth of one-off housing.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2012 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             782 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Pantagraph (Bloomington, Illinois)

                             June 18, 2005 Saturday

Newest Carlock subdivision will offer affordable housing

BYLINE: Dave Tompkins

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 513 words


CARLOCK -- The Park Palooza festival today will signal the beginning of Stoneman
Garden, a 63-home subdivision that will offer affordable housing to people who
might not otherwise be able to buy homes.

"We're helping people who have had lots of life issues and have received the bad
end of the stick," said Suzanne Fitzgerald, executive director and founder of
YouthBuild McLean County. "We want to offer true empowerment to those who are
saying 'I'm going to make a different decision with my life.'"

Today's groundbreaking ceremony will mark the beginning of six families' homes
being built through YouthBuild, said Fitzgerald. Construction on the first home
will begin in August and should be completed within the next six months to a
year.

Each home will have at least a half-acre lot and will appraise for $149,000 to
$250,000.

There are income guidelines for families in the program. The maximum gross
income is $50,200 for a family of three and $55,750 for a family of four.

Applicants also must be working and have decent credit.

Participants in the program receive a mortgage from the U.S. Department of
Agriculture Rural Development program. The interest rate will range from 1
percent to 6 percent, based on income.

The mortgage pays for materials. YouthBuild students and volunteers do the
labor.

"This program gives the town more families and gives the families a new start,
Fitzgerald said. "It's a win-win situation."

The project will be built in three phases. In the first, 21-home phase, nine
will be sold on the open market to raise money for the next phase, and 12 will
go to families in the self-help program, Fitzgerald said.

The second phase will have eight open-market homes and 12 self-help homes. The
final phase will have 10 open-market homes and 12 self-help homes.

"We're excited to have the subdivision starting," said Mayor Ted Ratajski.
"Everything is excavated and the water mains are being installed. We're ready
for growth."

YouthBuild received a $257,400 USDA Rural Development grant to administer
construction of the first 12 houses and a $700,000 loan to buy the 54-acre site
and install infrastructure.

Fitzgerald hopes to complete six houses a year.

YouthBuild is a national organization that provides leadership skills
instruction, education towards a general equivalency diploma and construction
training. Dorothy Stoneman started the program in 1978 in Harlem, New York.

While Stoneman Garden is the first subdivision built by the McLean County
chapter, the organization built individual homes and Stoneman Corner apartments
in Bloomington.

For the Carlock project, YouthBuild bought 54 acres from the Lowell and Beverly
Ewins family farm earlier this year. Although the subdivision, which is located
on North Church Street, will be named after Stoneman, a road has been named
Woosley Drive in honor of Beverly's family.

Families for the first six homes have already been approved, but YouthBuild is
accepting applications for next year. To check eligibility, call Cherie Pierce,
YouthBuild self-help coordinator, at (309) 827-7507, ext. 7.

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2005 The Pantagraph


                             783 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade (Toledo, Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 23, 2007 Friday

'Payday loan' sites jump in decade in area, state

BYLINE: Gary T. Pakulski, The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 595 words


Feb. 23--A new report says so-called "payday loan" offices are more common than
fast-food restaurants in Ohio.

In Lucas County alone, their numbers have shot up nearly tenfold to 67 over the
past decade, catapulting the county to fifth behind Franklin, Cuyahoga,
Hamilton, and Montgomery counties, according to Policy Matters Ohio and the
Housing Research & Advocacy Center.

"This is a very bad sign," said David Rothstein, of Policy Matters. The spread
of the offices, which charge up to 391 percent annual interest for small,
short-term loans against a future paycheck, is an outgrowth of Ohio's economic
struggles of recent years.

An industry spokesman defended payday lending practices.

Customers typically pay $15 on each $100 borrowed for two weeks, said Lyndsey
Medsker, of the Community Financial Services Association of America.

Although that may seem high, it is cheaper than penalties imposed by banks when
a customer bounces a check, she said.

And that is the choice often faced by customers: take out a payday loan or write
a check knowing that the account doesn't have enough money to cover it.

"Customers look at their options and payday lending makes sense to them," Ms.
Medsker said.

Outside a Cashland Financial Services office in south Toledo yesterday, a steady
stream of customers declined to comment and a manager ordered a reporter and
photographer to leave.

Although industry advocates say payday loans are primarily for temporary dire
straits, research shows that the average customer borrows from them up to nine
times a year, said Mr. Rothstein, of Policy Matters, a nonprofit research group.

"There are a lot of people who are working poor who use these almost like a bank
account."

The spokesman for the industry group, which represents 60 percent of the
nation's 25,000 payday lending offices, said members have launched an education
campaign to urge customers to use their services only in emergencies.

Also, they have liberalized policies for people who unable to repay the loans at
the end of the two weeks.

One of the report's key findings is that the centers, which in 1996 were found
primarily in cities, have spread to small towns and rural areas.

"They're everywhere," the Policy Matters researcher said. Only two Ohio counties
-- Ottawa in northwest Ohio and Vinton in southeast Ohio -- had no payday
lending offices as of last year, the report found.

Although the establishments remain concentrated in large cities, less populated
counties have a greater number per capita. In Williams County, the eight offices
represented 2.04 payday lenders for every 10,000 people. The northwest Ohio
county ranked 11th per capita.

Statewide, the number of payday lending offices rose nearly 15-fold between 1996
and 2006 to 1,562. That is more than the combined total of restaurants operated
by the McDonalds, Burger King, and Wendy's chains in Ohio, Policy Matters said.

In a typical payday shop, loans for up to $800 are made for 14 days.

They are called payday loans because that is the interval between paychecks at
most employers.

At the end of the two weeks, borrowers either repay the loan or the lender
cashes a post-dated personal check written by the borrower when the loan is
made.

Contact Gary T. Pakulski at:

gpakulski@theblade.com

or 419-724-6082.

Copyright (c) 2007, The Blade, Toledo, Ohio Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune
Business News. For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call
800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The
Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20070223-TO-0223-Payday-loan-sites-jump-in-decade-in-area-state

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2007 The Blade


                             784 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Journal (Newcastle, UK)

                             April 28, 2009 Tuesday

Plotting To Create A Homely Island

BYLINE: Richard Fletcher

SECTION: Pg. 3

LENGTH: 420 words


HOUSEBUILDERS are an unusual sight on the Holy Island of Lindisfarne, but next
week four homes will be started on the last building plot on the island.

Years of hard work have gone into the project, which will finally come to
fruition when work starts on the site on Sandham Lane next week. There is a
desperate need for social housing on Lindisfarne as house prices are sky high
and many houses have been bought as holiday lets.

Young people living on Lindisfarne find it extremely difficult to find a home
and The Holy Island of Lindisfarne Community Development Trust and its chairman
Dick Patterson have worked long and hard to find the money to provide suitable
accommodation.

Mr Patterson said: "A lot of the homes are holiday homes, and when a home comes
up for sale they go for way over the national average. Young people in the rural
areas of Northumberland are not on the wages to take on a mortgage so they can't
get their foot on the ladder, so we're building these so young people on the
island can get a home  We saw the way things were going. The whole island would
be holiday homes so we had to draw a line in the sand."

The homes will be for rent only and lawyers have closed loopholes to keep them
in the development trust's control and prevent them from ever being bought. An
estimated rent of less than £70 per week will keep them affordable.

The four three-bed houses are larger than the usual island houses, to cater for
all types of demand. The wooden-framed homes are also designed to be easily
converted to provide different types of accommodation depending on the tenant,
with no structural walls.

The Tudor Trust's Roger Northcott said: "We were looking for opportunities to
make a difference. It will also contribute to the need to regenerate the school,
to get families able to stay on the island." Such small projects are vital for
communities but are usually too small to attract public money.

But the islanders themselves have taken the lead and after much hard work they
have become the first community development trust to get money from the
Government's Homes and Communities Agency.

It is a pioneering agreement that could open the way for small rural communities
across the country.

The plot was bought for £80,000 and the £650,000 project is being funded by
£200,000 from independent grant-makers the Tudor Trust, £200,000 from the HCA,
and £250,000 via the community development trust's mortgage and remortgaging
their previous two housing projects, which were built in the last 10 years.

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2009 Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             785 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                            December 23, 2011 Friday
                                   L Edition

Mortgage opportunities are out there, if you are willing to look -BYLN-

SECTION: REAL ESTATE; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 783 words


WASHINGTON -- Could gloomy popular assumptions about how tough it is to get
approved for a mortgage be scaring away large numbers of people who are
qualified from even applying?

Could the same worries -- I can't come up with the big down payment I need, my
credit scores are too low, my bank account has almost none of the "reserves"
lenders want to see -- put a needless damper on a housing recovery in the new
year?

You bet. Lenders and economists will tell you flat out: The lack of accurate
information about the availability of loan programs that are designed to address
special needs is discouraging far too many people from even considering an
application, much less shopping around.

Mortgage banker Alex Stenback of the Residential Mortgage Group in Minnetonka,
Minn., says he sees it every day: "People just aren't aware of what's possible
right now" and as a result, they are missing real estate prices and long-term
interest rate opportunities they shouldn't. Doug Lebda, founder and CEO of
LendingTree, the online site that allows banks to make competing offers to
applicants, believes that "the fear of being rejected" because they don't
conform to standards that may not even exist, is keeping qualified applicants on
the sidelines for no reason.

For example, what's needed for an acceptable down payment? Is it 20 percent? 10
percent? Less? Yes, it's less -- and potentially a lot less if you qualify for
the right program. The widespread erroneous assumption that banks require a
minimum 20 percent for conventional loans may have arisen from heavy media
coverage this spring and summer of a controversial proposal by federal agencies
calling for borrowers to put down that much if they want to get the best
interest rates and lowest fees.

Also contributing to incorrect beliefs about down payments: The Obama
administration floated the idea of a phased-in move to 10 percent upfront cash
for all loans eligible for purchase by mortgage giants Fannie Mae and Freddie
Mac, who together dominate the conventional home-loan sector. But neither the 20
percent nor the 10 percent plan has been adopted and the odds of either moving
forward in 2012 are remote. Fannie Mae's and Freddie Mac's standard minimums are
still 5 percent with mandatory mortgage insurance coverage.

If you have little or no cash to put down, there are multiple options for you:
FHA requires just 3.5 percent down on its insured mortgages. Other programs let
you go to zero -- even finance more than the price on the house when fees are
rolled into the mortgage -- provided you fit into an eligibility niche. If you
qualify as a veteran or active member of the military, you can get a zero-down
VA-guaranteed mortgage. Plus the VA allows your seller to pay your loan fees and
closing costs provided they don't exceed 6 percent of the house price.

You can also buy with nothing down if you are purchasing a home in any of the
many communities around the country that are eligible for rural (USDA)
guaranteed mortgages. Though the property may be located on the outskirts of a
large metropolitan area and might not strike you as particularly "rural," if the
local population is below roughly 20,000, there's a decent chance you're
eligible. The little-publicized USDA guaranteed home loan program, by the way,
is booming. In the last fiscal year alone, according to housing administrator
Tammye Trevino, more than 130,000 borrowers received low or no down payment
guaranteed mortgages -- quadruple the number of loans extended as recently as
2006.

What about credit? Haven't lenders been pushing up minimum FICO scores into the
mid-700s and rejecting applications with lower scores outright? Not everywhere.
Though most lenders doing FHA loans require 620 to 640 scores to get you in the
door, a few of the biggest FHA originators, such as Quicken Loans, will accept
scores down to 580. Bob Walters, Quicken's chief economist, says underwriters
scrutinize low FICO applications extra carefully but are seeing good to
excellent performance from them: Not one has gone seriously delinquent this
year.

And how about debt-to-income ratios? Aren't they tighter than ever? Not really.
Lenders say that when loan applications go through the "automated underwriting"
systems used by Fannie, Freddie and FHA, borrowers with high total monthly debt
levels of 45 percent to 55 percent of household income -- well beyond the posted
limits -- frequently get approved if they have positive compensating information
elsewhere in the application.

Bottom line: Don't assume you can't qualify for a mortgage in 2012. Talk to
lenders and seek out loan products that offer flexibility where you need it. You
just might be surprised.

* kenharney@earthlink.net

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                             786 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Morning Star (Wilmington, NC)

                            January 13, 2003, Monday

IF YOU BUILD SEWER...Development will come; North Brunswick County saying
goodbye to septic tanks

BYLINE: Millard K. Ives, Staff Writer

SECTION: Front Page; Pg. 1A, 7A

LENGTH: 933 words


NAVASSA | Miles of sewer lines being planted in northern Brunswick County are
also pumping in more development.

As a result of multimillion-dollar sewer projects, Leland is constructing
business complexes, thousands of homes and the only hotel in the northern end of
the county, while Navassa completed the infrastructure last month for a
subdivision for residents displaced by Hurricane Floyd.

And, Belville officials expect the sewer lines to increase property values that
will result in new buildings moving into the dilapidated downtown.

"Sewer just makes the land so much more valuable," said Jim Cain, Belville
mayor.

It's difficult for development to expand in areas with lots of septic tanks but
few sewer lines. Septic tanks are considered less environmentally friendly, need
specific types of soil and take more land to handle, said Leslie Bell, the
county's planning director.

Northern Brunswick County - made up of many rural communities - has mostly
relied on septic tanks and package plants to treat its sewage, so development
has been slow.

So a plan was devised among the North Brunswick Sanitary District, Belville,
Leland, Navassa and the county. They formed a regional system to capitalize on
grants and loans available to obtain sewer systems.

After raising more than $ 25 million, projects to put in almost 60 miles of
sewer lines are expected to be completed by October.

As word spread that more sewer lines were coming, construction plans began.
Navassa started construction this summer on Lena Springs Estates. A deal between
the town and the General Baptist State Convention of North Carolina will allow
for construction of 25 "affordable" homes for area residents displaced by
Hurricane Floyd.

Lena Springs officials hope the homes will be the start of a 147-unit housing
development that will include a community center, with the balance used to house
low- and moderate-income families, said Thurman B. Everett, housing committee
chairman with the Baptist group.

"The area needs this development," said Mr. Everett. "We just have too many
good, hard-working people who can't walk into a bank and receive a housing loan.
"

Sewer lines were completed for the 125-acre site last month and are awaiting
hookup. Navassa officials expect to complete the $ 4 million project of planting
10 miles of sewer lines in July, said Sherman Davis, capital outlay manager for
the town.

"It is a great incentive to entice developers," Mr. Davis said.

Mayor Eulis Willis said it is not clear what effect the subdivision will have on
the town's tax base, but the single-family homes are expected to sell for about
$ 55,000 to $ 65,000.

Navassa has already put in streets to accommodate the subdivision. Town
officials are fighting for an interchange to add to the Brunswick County leg of
the Northern Outer Loop that is expected to come through town. Officials hope it
will bring in more traffic as well as handle extra motorists that may come as a
result of future development, Mr. Willis said.

The area known as Belville began as a cluster of roadside businesses that served
traffic on U.S. 17 and U.S. 74-76 traveling to and from Wilmington. But in 1977,
construction of a four-lane bridge left the road pointing into a dead end at the
Brunswick River, and the town began to dry up. Mr. Cain has been trying to find
ways to deal with a number of dilapidated buildings downtown and hopes the mile
of sewer lines being planted on Main Street and Blackwell Road will increase
property values, which he hopes will entice the owners to sell.

"Once that happens, we expect new businesses to start pouring in," said the
mayor, who added he would hire a town manager to handle the progress if needed.

With several businesses and thousands of homes planned in Leland, development
will add almost a half-billion dollars to the town's tax base over the next
eight years, said Town Manager David Hewett.

To get construction under way, Landmark Developers installed its own collection
lines in the Magnolia Greens subdivision on U.S. 17. About a third of the
planned 1,500 single-family homes and townhouses are near completion.
Construction at the mouth of the subdivision has begun on a 5,000-square-foot
retail building and the AmeriHost Inn, the only hotel between Wilmington and
Southport or Shallotte.

"We expect this to make Leland a big destination for tourists," Mr. Hewett said.

Leland expects to complete its $ 6 million project to plant about 16 miles of
sewer lines by October. Magnolia Greens has already hooked up with it.

Across the street from Magnolia Greens, sewer service has also made way for
1,500 homes and the construction of 50,000 square feet of medical office and
retail space called Westgate. Nearby will be Waterford, bringing more commercial
space and about 1,000 homes.

"Businesses just don't like coming in without sewer," said Phil Triece, a broker
with Waterford.

Jane Gilbert, a Leland councilwoman, said the town has worked closely with
developers to make sure streets can accommodate the traffic. "We are working to
stay ahead of them," Ms. Gilbert said.

North Brunswick Sanitary District will plant about 32 miles of sewer lines in
the county in a $ 15 million project expected to be completed by October.
Director Kenneth Hewett said it has not attracted any businesses to the northern
part of the county yet, but it will provide sewer to 2,000 current homes there.

A state-of-the-art treatment facility to accommodate the lines that will be run
by the county is in Navassa and is nearing completion.


LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: STAFF ART STEVEN PIPES (map)

                         Copyright 2003 Star-News, Inc.


                             787 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 12, 2014 Monday

Rural Business-Cooperative Service: Business Loan and Grant Analyst
DC-2014-0042A

LENGTH: 3795  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of Personnel Management has issued the following job announcement:

Job Title:Business Loan and Grant Analyst

Department:Department Of Agriculture

Agency:Rural Business-Cooperative Service

Job Announcement Number:DC-2014-0042A
SALARY RANGE:
 $75,621.00 to $116,901.00 / Per Year
OPEN PERIOD:
 Monday, May 12, 2014 to Monday, May 26, 2014
SERIES & GRADE:
 GS-1101-12/13
POSITION INFORMATION:
 Full-Time - Permanent
PROMOTION POTENTIAL:
13
DUTY LOCATIONS:
 3 vacancies - Location Negotiable After Selection, United States
WHO MAY APPLY:
 Current permanent Federal employees with competitive status, reinstatement
eligibles, persons with disabilities, VEOA eligibles, certain military spouses,
30% or more disabled veterans, former Peace Corps or VISTA volunteers,
CTAP/ICTAP eligibles,  Farm Service Agency permanent county employees and those
eligible for other Special Hiring Authorities.
SECURITY CLEARANCE:
 Other
SUPERVISORY STATUS:
 No
JOB SUMMARY:

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural Development Agency serves rural
communities throughout the country by investing in their communities through
housing and utility infrastructure, by increasing economic opportunity, and by
improving the quality of life for all rural Americans.  Rural Development
provides over 40 loan and grant programs in the Rural Housing and Community
Facilities Services, Rural Business and Cooperative Services, and Rural
Utilities Service. Rural Development supports a positive work environment and
promotes diversity and inclusion for nearly 5,000 employees.

Rural Development is a dynamic organization recruiting for employees who possess
the energy, compassion, and commitment to serve those in rural communities and
will enjoy working in a fast paced and results driven organization.  Our
commitment is to expand economic opportunity and quality of life in all of rural
America by providing financial programs to support essential public facilities
and services such as water and sewer systems, housing, health clinics, emergency
service facilities and electric and telephone service.  Rural Development offers
a friendly and professional working environment and such excellent benefits as:
a generous salary, alternative work schedules, paid vacation and sick leave,
paid holidays, retirement and supplemental savings plan, a wide array of health,
dental, vision, and life insurance plans, flexible spending accounts, and
long-term care insurance.

This position is located in the Energy Programs Branch, Energy Division, Deputy
Administrator-Business Programs, Rural Business-Cooperative Service (RBS).

You will serve as a Business Loan and Grant Analyst responsible for providing
expertise and leadership in coordinating, planning, developing, and implementing
a variety of operational and administrative program activities that support the
delivery of RBS Energy programs.

TRAVEL REQUIRED

25% or Greater
    Some travel may be required

RELOCATION AUTHORIZED

No

KEY REQUIREMENTS

US Citizenship is required.
    Selective Service Registration is required for males born after 12/31/1959.

DUTIES:
Back to top

Develop and recommend plans, policies and procedures for administering
nationwide energy and energy related loan and grant programs.
    Within the assigned geographic area, monitor States' delivery of Energy
programs and loan/grant funding and support effective utilization of funds.
    Responsible for identifying and developing regulatory program changes in
response to new authorities, analyzing program trends, identifying and
evaluating program and operational weaknesses and/or makes formal
recommendations for changes for improved program effectiveness nationwide and
handle program oversight internal control and accountability.
    Provide technical guidance and expertise on program management reviews and
coduct Statewide loan/grant program evaluations.
    Within assigned geographical area, coordinated and conduct a comprehensive
outreach program and provide technical assistance services with Staff.
Establish and conduct regional workshops to promote RBS energy programs and
provide guidance in applying for technical and financial assistance.
    Assess training needs of RBS staff in the region and provide training to
Rural Development (RD) field office staff and RBS National Office on a variety
of subjects relating to nationwide administration of the RBS energy programs and
energy related loan and grant activities.
    Review and analyze grant, loan, and payment requests received for all
Division energy programs, with the majority of analysis related to advanced
technologies.
    Provide review and analysis of annual financial statements to assure
compliance with loan and grant agreements.
    Make recommendations in writing and orally, to management concerning
requests and applications for Division programs.

QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED:
Back to top

To qualify for the GS-12 level, all applicants must possess at least one full
year of specialized experience at or equivalent to the GS-11 level in the
Federal service, or comparable experience not gained in the federal service.
Examples of qualifying experience may include: knowledge of laws, practices and
principles related to business trends/advances in energy related loan and grant
programs. Experience assisting with loan and grant processing and review.
Knowledge of professional project management principles relating to the
management of databases and funding of projects. Experience serving as a
consultant to management regarding techniques to effectively evaluate loan and
grant data and processes. Experience assisting in the development of plans,
policies and procedures for administering an energy or energy related loan and
grant program.

To qualify for the GS-13 level, all applicants must possess at least one full
year of specialized experience at or equivalent to the GS-12 level in the
Federal service, or comparable experience not gained in the federal service.
Examples of qualifying experience may include: knowledge of laws, practices and
principles related to business trends/advances in energy related loan and grant
programs. Experience in loan and grant program administration and processing.
Experience with professional project management principles relating to the
management of databases and the funding of projects. Experience serving as a
consultant to management regarding techniques to effectively evaluate complex
loan and grant data and processes. Experience developing and recommending plans,
policies and procedures for administering a nation-wide energy and energy
related loan and grant programs.


There is no education requirement for this position.

o  May be subject to satisfactory completion of one year probationary or trial
period.
o  CONFIDENTIAL FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE REPORT: If selected, you will be required
to submit Form OGE-450 within 30 days of your initial appointment date, and
annually thereafter. Selectee is subject to financial Disclosure Requirements in
accordance with 5 CFR, Part 2635, Sub part E regarding business or personal
transactions with applicants, borrowers, or business contacts who have or who
are seeking business with this Agency. Selectee must be able to obtain and
maintain a security clearance. If selected you will be subject to a National
Agency Check and Inquiry (NACI) and a credit report.
o  Travel will be required.
o  This position requires up to 25 % travel.
o  Have your salary sent to a financial institution of your choice by Direct
Deposit/Electronic Funds Transfer.
o  If you are newly hired, the documentation you present for purposes of
completing the Department Homeland Security (DHS) Form I-9 on your entry-on-duty
date will be verified through the DHS "E-VERIFY" system. Federal law requires
the use of E-VERIFY to confirm the employment eligibility of all new hires.
Under this system, the new hire is required to resolve any identified
discrepancies as a condition of continued employment.
o  To be eligible for appointment to this position, the new hire must be cleared
to come on board once the results of the fingerprint check, review of the
OF-306, Declaration for Federal Employment, and the candidate's Electronic
Questionnaires for Investigations Processing (eQIP) entries have been reviewed
and determined to be satisfactory.  This position requires a favorable credit
check as part of the background investigation.
HOW YOU WILL BE EVALUATED:

You will be evaluated based on your qualifications for this position as
evidenced by the education, experience, and training you described in your
application package, as well as the responses to the Occupational Questionnaire
to determine the degree to which you possess the knowledge, skills, abilities
and competencies listed below:

Program Administration/Project Management
        Commercial and Community loan and grant making
        Oral Communication
        Written Communication

We will review your application, including the online Occupational
Questionnaire, to ensure you meet the job requirements and assess your ability
to perform this job. Before any certificate can be issued to the selecting
official, the resume and supporting documents are reviewed by an HR Specialist
to ensure that (a) minimum qualification requirements are met and (b) the resume
supports the answers provided to the job-specific questions. Your answers will
be verified against information provided in your online resume and application.
Be sure that your resume clearly supports your responses to all the questions
addressing experience and education relevant to this position.
    Applicants who meet the basic minimum qualification requirements and are
determined to be among the best qualified candidates will be referred to the
hiring manager for consideration. Non-Competitive candidates need to meet
minimum qualification requirements to be referred.

Note: If, after reviewing your resume and / or supporting documentation, a
determination is made that you have inflated your qualifications and or
experience, your score can / will be lowered to more accurately reflect the
submitted documentation. Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or
omissions may affect your rating. Deliberate attempts to falsify information may
be grounds for not selecting you.

To view the application form, visit:
https://rbcs.usda.ntis.gov/cp/?event=jobs.previewApplication&jobid=7984ed7d-79c2
-489e-a695-a31e007e6550

BENEFITS:
Back to top

You can review our benefits at:
http://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/healthcare/enrollment/new-federal-employ
ee-enrollment/
The Federal Government offers a comprehensive benefits package.  Explore the
major benefits offered to most Federal employees at:
http://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/healthcare/enrollment/new-federal-employ
ee-enrollment/

OTHER INFORMATION:
o  If you are a male applicant born after December 31, 1959, certify that you
have registered with the Selective Service System or are exempt from having to
do so.
o  BACKGROUND INVESTIGATION AND FINGERPRINT CHECK:  Selection and retention in
this position is contingent on a successfully adjudicated FBI National Criminal
History Check (fingerprint check) and a background investigation.
o  Career Transition Assistance Plan(CTAP) or Interagency Career Transition
Assistance Plan (ICTAP):   If you are claiming CTAP/ICTAP eligibility, provide
proof of eligibility to include your most recent performance appraisal, SF-50,
and proof of eligibility such as a RIF separation notice or letter from OPM/your
agency.  CTAP/ICTAP eligibles will be considered well-qualified if achieving a
rating of __ or above.  Information about CTAP/ICTAP eligibility is on OPM's
Career Transition Resources website at http://www.opm.gov/ctap/index.asp.
o  If you are selected for a position with further promotion potential, you will
be placed under a career development plan, and may be non-competitively promoted
if you successfully complete the requirements and if recommended by management.
However, promotion is neither implied nor guaranteed.
o  Relocation expenses are not authorized.
o  This position is eligible for telework and other flexible work arrangements.
Employee participation is at the discretion of the supervisor.
HOW TO APPLY:
Back to top

Please read the entire announcement and all the instructions before you begin.
The following instructions outline our application process.

You must complete this application process and submit all required documents
electronically by 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time (ET) on the closing date of this
announcement.
    We are available to assist you during business hours (normally 8:00 a.m. -
4:00 p.m., Monday - Friday). Applying online is highly encouraged. If applying
online poses a hardship, please contact our office during business hours well
before the closing date for an alternate method. All hardship application
packages with supporting documents must be submitted no later than noon on the
closing date of the announcement in order to be entered into the system prior to
its closing.
    This agency provides reasonable accommodation to applicants with
disabilities on a case-by-case basis; contact us if you are requesting this.

Step 1: Create a USAJOBS account (if you do not have one) at www.usajobs.gov. It
is recommended that as part of your profile you set up automatic email
notification to be informed when the status of your application changes. If you
choose not to set up this automatic notification, then you will have to log into
your USAJOBS account to check on the status of your application.


Step 2: Create a resume with USAJOBS or upload a resume into your USAJOBS
account. Customize your resume to ensure it documents duties and accomplishments
you have gained that are directly related to this position in order to verify
that qualifications are met. Your resume must support your responses to the
online questionnaire (you may preview the online questionnaire by clicking on
the link at the end of the How You Will Be Evaluated section of the job
announcement).

Step 3: Click "Apply Online" and follow the prompts to complete the Occupational
Questionnaire and attach any additional documents that may be required.
You can update your application or documents anytime while the announcement is
open. Log into your USAJOBS account and click on "Application Status." Click on
the position title, and then select "Update Application" to continue.
NOTE: Verify that uploaded documents from USAJOBs transfer into the Agency's
staffing system. Once in the Agency's staffing system you will have the
opportunity to upload additional documents. Uploaded documents must be less than
3MB and in one of the following document formats: GIF, JPG, JPEG, PNG, RTF, PDF,
or Word (DOC or DOCX).


REQUIRED DOCUMENTS:

A resume should be provided. It should include relevant work experience
(start/end dates stated in month/year, description of duties and salary),
applicable education at a minimum, and your contact information. For current or
previous Federal employees, it should also include the Pay Plan, Series and
Grade for each work experience entry.
    For current or previous Federal employees, please attach a copy of your most
recent SF-50 or agency notification of personnel action form that provides
current position, grade level, and duty location.
    If you are a veteran claiming Veterans' Preference, please attach your
DD-214 "Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty," showing all dates
of service, receipt of medals and campaign badges, as well as character of
service (Honorable, General, etc.). The member 4 copy of your DD-214,
"Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty," is preferable.
    When applying for Federal Jobs, eligible veterans should claim preference on
their application or resume. Applicants claiming 10-point preference must
complete Standard Form (SF) 15, "Application for 10-Point Veteran Preference",
and submit the requested documentation.
    For a disabled veteran, you must submit a Department of Veterans Affairs
(DVA) letter on DVA letterhead that states your overall combined
service-connected disability rating.
    If you are a service member who expects to be discharged or released from
active duty under honorable conditions, you may submit a certification letter to
receive veterans' preference under the VOW (Veterans Opportunity to Work) to
Hire Heroes Act of 2011.
    If you are a veteran claiming Sole Survivor Preference, please attach your
SSP documentation.
    Please provide a copy of your College transcript(s) which support those
qualifications for which you wish to have considered.
    Please provide your proof of disability.

A complete Application Package must be submitted and received prior to 11:59,
ET, on the closing date. The following documents are required for your
application package to be complete. Our office cannot be responsible for
incompatible software, illegible fax transmissions, delays in the mail service,
your system failure or downtime, etc. Failure to submit required, legible
documents may result in loss of consideration.

Resume that includes the following information: 1) personal information; 2)
education; 3) work experience including the work schedule and hours worked per
week as well as dates of employment; and title, series and grade if applicable;
4) supervisor's phone number and e-mail address for each work period listed and
whether or not we may contact them for reference checks; and, 5) other
qualifications.
    College Transcripts if education is required for meeting basic
qualifications and/or used as a substitute for specialized experience. An
unofficial copy is sufficient however, if selected; an official college
transcript will be required prior to entering on duty. Education must have been
successfully completed and obtained from an accredited school, college, or
university. Foreign education must be evaluated by an approved organization. For
additional information, refer to the U.S. Department of Education web site at
http://www.ed.gov. All transcripts must be in English or include an English
translation.

Other required documents as applicable:

Current/Former Career/Career-Conditional: Most recent non-award Notification of
Personnel Action (SF-50 or equivalent) showing that you are/were in the
competitive service, highest grade (or promotion potential) held on a permanent
basis, federal status, position title, series and grade AND most recently
completed performance appraisal (dated within 18 months) showing the official
rating of record, signed by the supervisor, or a statement as to why the
performance appraisal is unavailable. Do not submit a performance plan.
    Veteran Hiring Authorities: (VEOA, VRA, and 30% Disabled Veterans): DD-214
(Member 4 Copy). Disabled veterans must include your VA letter & SF-15 if
claiming 10 pt. preference. Current active duty members must submit a
certification that they are expected to be discharged or released from active
duty under honorable conditions not later than 120 days after the date the
certification is submitted.
    Schedule A, Persons with Disabilities: Schedule A letter from a physician,
local, state or federal rehabilitation office citing eligibility under 5 CFR
213.3102 (u).
    Certain Military Spouses under E.O. 13473: Verification of the marriage to
the service member (i.e., a marriage license or other legal documentation
verifying marriage), plus Permanent Change of Station: PCS orders issued within
the last 2 years, that: lists you as authorized to accompany the military member
to the new duty permanent station; the specific location; and the effective date
of the PCS OR Military disability of 100%: verification of the member's release
or discharge due to 100% disability (DD-214 and VA Letter) OR Death while
serving on active duty: 1) Verification of release or discharge due to death
(DD-214). 2) Verification of the member's death (DD-1300 and Death Certificate.
3) Statement certifying they are un-remarried widow or widower of the service
member.
    Foreign Service: Most recent Foreign Service Notification of Personnel
Action, showing that you were/are serving under an unlimited, career-type
appointment AND have completed at least 1 year of continuous service without a
break of a workday under one or more nontemporary Foreign Service appointments.

    CTAP/ICTAP: Certification of Expected Separation, Reduction-In-Force
Separation Notice, Notice of Proposed Removal, or appropriate OPM/Agency
certification; AND most recent performance evaluation; AND SF-50 demonstrating
your separation or the position from which you will be separated.
    Peace Corps/VISTA Volunteers: Documentation of no less than 24 months (Peace
Corps) or 1 year (VISTA) of continuous service and separated within 1 year of
completing the qualifying service.
    Peace Corps Staff: Documentation of no less than 36 months of continuous
service without a break in service of 3 days or more and separated within the 3
years of completing the qualifying service.
    Certain Family Members under E.O. 12721: Most recent non-award SF-50 and
performance appraisal.
    Interchange Agreement with Other Merit Systems: Documentation of eligibility
as listed in interchange agreement.
    Miscellaneous Authorities Not Regulated by the Office of Personnel
Management: (Postal Career Service Employees, Postal Service Commission
Employees, GAO, US Courts, etc.), Current Notification of Personnel Action (or
equivalent) that reflects your eligibility.
    Other Special Hiring Authorities: If you are claiming eligibility under a
Special Hiring Authority, you must submit supporting documents.

AGENCY CONTACT INFO:
Chris Tart
Phone: 202-692-0192
Fax: 202-692-0182
Email: prentice.tart@wdc.usda.gov
Agency Information:
Heaquarters Personnel Services Branch
1400 Independence Avenue, SW
Washington, DC,
20250
USA
Fax: 202-692-0182
WHAT TO EXPECT NEXT:
If you set up your USAJOBS account to send automatic email notifications, you
will receive an email acknowledging: 1) the submission of your online
Occupational Questionnaire and resume was successful,  2) if you were referred
to the selecting official for consideration, and  3) if you were selected or not
selected. If you choose not to set up automatic email notifications, you must
check your USAJOBS account for the latest status of your application. Your
application may be reviewed to verify that you meet the qualifications and
eligibility requirements for the position prior to issuing lists to a selecting
official. If further evaluation or interviews are required, you will be
contacted. Normally, a final job offer to the selected candidate is made within
30-60 days after the issuance of the certificate.

For more information please visit: https://www.usajobs.gov/

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             788 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            November 12, 2001 Monday
                              Correction Appended
                              Late Edition - Final

GRASS ROOTS;
Learning To Build A House, As Well as A New Life

BYLINE:   By DULCIE LEIMBACH

SECTION: Section G; Column 1; Giving; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 538 words


NAME: Proyecto Azteca, San Juan, in South Texas.

FOUNDED: 1991, by the United Farm Workers union, assisted by Texas Rural Legal
Aid.

MISSION: A self-help program that provides low-priced housing to
Mexican-American migrant farm workers who live in colonias, or shack
settlements, in San Juan, which has a population of about 11,000. Those eligible
make no more than $12,000 a year. Proyecto provides financing and training in
house building. A colonia family builds the house through sweat equity, sharing
tools and buying materials in bulk with other families. Up to 3,000 families are
on the waiting list, competing for about 40 new houses a year. The pace is slow,
said Grace Vargas, Proyecto's interim director, because money to pay the
instructors is limited. (The instructors are former Proyecto home builders.)

The program has become a model for state efforts to create housing in other
colonias, which are concentrated near the Texas-Mexico border. Each Proyecto
house has indoor plumbing and is connected to a sewage system.

FINANCING: Proyecto receives its financing from the Department of Housing and
Urban Development, Hidalgo County, the Federal National Mortgage Association,
the Department of Agriculture, the Housing Assistance Council (a nonprofit group
in Washington dedicated to financing self-help housing programs) and private
institutions. It costs $26,700 to build a house out of a manufactured wood
composite, which includes the expense of moving the house to the lot in the
colonia from the building site. (If the family is already living in a shack on
its lot, it generally builds the wood version to avoid being displaced.) Brick
houses are built directly on the family's lot.

The three-bedroom, two-bathroom houses are 9,100 square feet each -- "To them
it's like a little mansion," Ms. Vargas said. It takes two to three months to
finish a house, but the brick ones are completed sooner because they don't have
to be moved. Most farm workers make their 20-year, monthly mortgage payments of
$100 to $200 right on time, sometimes even before they are due. "This house is
the best thing that ever happened to my family," said Victor Hugo Rodriguez, who
moved into his house in San Juan two months ago with his wife and seven
children, including quadruplets. "There's enough room for four cribs."

ENDOWMENT: $800,000 on average from year to year. "It all depends on the renewal
of contracts," Ms. Vargas said. The money pays for construction supplies,
trainers, supervisors and administration. (Ms. Vargas's $35,000 annual salary
included.)

In most cases, the families have already bought the lots through private
developers, who have been known in other colonias for not installing services
like running water. Proyecto then acquires the debt and calculates that cost
into the family's mortgage payments. After the final nail is hammered, the
family invites a priest or a minister to a house blessing, which is followed by
a barbecue.

LATEST PROJECT: A community center in San Juan. "It was leftover money from HUD,
about $80,000," Ms. Vargas said. So the center, which Proyecto built, was
donated to another nonprofit group, Centro 16 de Septiembre, which runs
after-school programs.   DULCIE LEIMBACH

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: November 14, 2001



CORRECTION: An article in the special Giving section on Monday about Proyecto
Azteca, a program in South Texas that provides low-cost housing, misstated the
average size of the homes. They are 910 square feet, not 9,100.

GRAPHIC: Photos: HOMING IN -- Victor Hugo and Francisca Rodriquez, left, moved
into a new house, far left, two months ago with their quadruplets and three
other children. (Photographs by Brad Doherty for The New York Times)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2001 The New York Times Company


                             789 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            South China Morning Post

                           January 23, 2013 Wednesday

Letters

SECTION: NEWS; Letters; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 1091 words


Visionary in land-resource planning

Ian L. McHarg, who for over three decades was an influential advocate and
practitioner of ecological planning, would have plenty to advise Hong Kong
about, were he still alive.

This Scottish immigrant to the US was presented with the National Medal of Arts
by president George H.W. Bush in 1990, and the Japan Prize in 2000, among
numerous other accolades.

These awards were in recognition of his work in formulating a workable
methodology, nicknamed the "layer-cake model". It combines socio- cultural
values with vital natural parameters such as geology, physiography, climate,
soils, hydrology, vegetation and wildlife, in comparative suitability equations
to aid land-use planning.

The universal and timeless principles, as well as product samples they have
generated, are convincingly and eloquently described in his classic work Design
with Nature. This book deserves to be read and reread by all those responsible
for making rational long-term land-use decisions for communities in any region.

How apt it is for Hong Kong at this time, as we ponder like never before how to
develop and redevelop wisely the precious land resources still remaining: for
housing, urgently; for all uses holistically.

Wong Chi-kui, Western district

Officials failing to curb illegal dumping

I write regarding housing policy in the New Territories. The sprawl of unplanned
villages is just one of the factors despoiling land in this part of Hong Kong.

Anyone spending any time walking in the countryside of the New Territories will
have seen plenty of evidence of dumping of industrial, construction and
household waste. A quick tour of Tso Wo Road, where I live, would reveal
numerous cases of illegal dumping. Some of it is done just 10 metres from the
gates of our estate by the very contractors hired by the management and
residents of the estate.

Clearly, attitudes towards robbing the beautiful countryside of its scenic
beauty, which is an asset enjoyed by all of us, need to change.

As it stands, penalties, monitoring and clean-up of illegal dump sites are
woefully inadequate.

The Environmental Protection Department has cleaned up one black spot three
times in the past two years after my complaints. However, it has failed to
confront the management of the estate where the polluters come from and has not
posted a warning sign or attempted to erect any barrier to stop further dumping
and the slope is already covered in rubbish again.

Furthermore, the government makes no attempt to clean up or notify owners to
clean up dump sites on private land. This means that many illegal sites will
continue to exist because the owners are unaware or unconcerned and not made
responsible for dumping on their property.

This leaves the New Territories vulnerable to continued dumping as no one is to
be held accountable for it.

Catherine LaJeunesse, Sai Kung

Billionaires exploit labour of others

Alex Lo got it right ("Freest economy costs more than it's worth", January 14).

Hong Kong is the freest place for billionaire capitalists to exploit the labour
of others.

These billionaires don't produce anything. They skim profits from the wealth
created by their workers.

And then we honour them for being "job creators".

William DuBay, Ap Lei Chau

Puzzled by loan guidelines for over-60s

I applied for a tax loan from HSBC where I have done business since first coming
to Hong Kong in 1996.

My loan was approved, but only for a third of the amount requested. When I tried
to learn why, I was told it was based on "things" in my application and
"information gathered from the community". I asked what "things" and what
"information," and was told "they" couldn't divulge that information.

Naturally being concerned about what was being said about me in the community (I
certainly hadn't said anything bad about me on my application and I've never
defaulted on an HSBC loan), I asked the HSBC representative to whom I was
speaking for the name and phone number of her supervisor so that I could
schedule a meeting to discuss the "things" and "information" that was preventing
HSBC from loaning me the amount I requested, which was not a huge amount by any
means.

The representative put me on hold and when she returned she told me that I had
been approved only for a third of the amount requested because of my age.

She further explained that anyone over 60 may not be approved for a loan, or for
any portion thereof, based - I am guessing - on the assumption that they will
die before the loan is repaid.

I would be grateful if someone at HSBC would elaborate for the public the exact
rules underlying this policy.

Are loans discounted 20 per cent per year of age older than 60 (I am 64), or is
there some other financial wizardry at work within the secretive halls of HSBC?
I would appreciate hearing from the relevant government department if age
discrimination in a bank's financial practices is acceptable.

Craig Blurton, Pok Fu Lam

Tragedy gives India a chance to change

It was shocking to read about the gang rape and killing of a student in Delhi
and the fears some women expressed about their safety at night, especially since
India is a rapidly developing country and one of the BRICS nations.

There is concern that, often, the perpetrators in sexual assault cases are not
punished. The case of the student in Delhi attracted international attention,
not just to the tragedy but also to the issue of gender inequality in India.

Women in the country now have a great opportunity to highlight this problem and
strive for greater legal protection and equal treatment.

Key to achieving these aims is tougher legislation. Also, it is important to
take advantage of the outrage following the attack on the student and bring
about significant changes in society through education.

The Indian government must genuinely embrace the beliefs of Mahatma Gandhi. He
advocated raising the status of women and freeing them from male domination. He
felt that only through equality could they be free of injustice.

Annie Lo Yam-kwan, Kowloon City

Cabbies now snubbing tunnel trips

There is a growing problem in Hong Kong with drivers of red taxis not being
willing to cross the harbour.

I have been caught several times in Wan Chai, Tsing Yi and Mong Kok, not being
able to get a taxi to take me to the other side.

Since when does a red taxi have the right to refuse to take someone across the
harbour?

I have lived in Hong Kong for six years and I have noted that this problem has
been getting worse in the last two years.

John Gye, Chai Wan

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illegal dumping is a serious problem. Photo: K.Y. Cheng

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 South China Morning Post Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             790 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 September 26, 1993, SUNDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

FLOOD OF MONEY; FEDERAL AID IS SOMETIMES UNCOORDINATED AND ARBITRARY

BYLINE: William H. Freivogel Of the Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: WAR PAGE; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 7080 words


UNCLE SAM HAS a thick bankroll for rebuilding levees, but loose change for
turning flooded farms into wetlands.

He has four different agencies to fund housing, but limited funds for moving
homes from the flood plain.

He has three accounts and billions of dollars to compensate farmers for lost
crops, but he does little to prevent those farmers from getting flooded again in
two or five or 10 years.

In short, the $ 5.7 billion-plus federal flood relief effort is a patchwork of
sometimes uncoordinated programs that puts greater emphasis on helping the
victims than making sure they won't become victims again.

That is what the Post-Dispatch found in a line-by-line analysis of how the money
appropriated by Congress last month is trickling down from Washington to the
flood victims.

By distributing money in the usual way - government agency-by-government agency
- key responsibilities are divided among two, three or even four federal
agencies, creating a crazy-quilt of regulations and bureaucracies.

In some cases there are excess funds in one government account and a shortage in
another. For example, while there is more money than needed in some Farmers Home
Administration programs, there is less than needed for buying out flooded
communities.

A particularly vexing problem is a law that skews the federal effort away from
"hazard mitigation" - a fancy term for preventing future flood damage.

The law says that the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) may not fund
hazard mitigation efforts that cost more than 10 percent of what it spends in
"public assistance grants" to rebuild communities after the flood.

That amount is unrealistically low, say federal officials and members of
congress.

Members of the Missouri congressional delegation hope to lift that cap this
fall. A bill introduced in the House by Rep. Harold L. Volkmer, D-Hannibal, and
a similar Senate bill introduced by Sen. Tom Harkin, D-Iowa, would raise the cap
to 15 percent and permit FEMA to waive it for the flood.

Here is a breakdown of where the federal money has gone: Crop Payments

Ten days ago, Andy Simon stood at the counter of the Agricultural Stabilization
and Conservation Service in St. Charles County. The mud caked on the boots of
this 31-year-old farmer from Portage des Sioux told part of the story of the
government's complex, expensive, duplicative crop program.

That morning, Simon had walked into his wet fields to take one last look at his
corn to see if he should harvest it or plow it under. By destroying the crop, he
would become eligible for a government price support check.

A clerk behind the counter used a hand computer to figure Simon's payment.
"Sometimes I don't understand how this program works myself," she muttered as
she pounded the keys.

When the math was done, Simon decided to destroy two-thirds of his corn and
harvest the best third.

In addition to this price support payment, Simon and other farmers will qualify
for a crop disaster payment. Nearly two out of every five dollars in the federal
flood relief bill were earmarked for this purpose.

Some farmers qualify for a third check to recover crop losses - a crop-insurance
payment for those with the foresight to buy one of the federally backed
insurance policies.

Simon didn't have one. Like 99 percent of the farmers in the flood plain in St.
Charles County, he thinks crop insurance is an expensive luxury.

Next year he'll have to buy crop insurance if he wants to collect his disaster
payment this year. But, after that, he can drop the insurance.

For Simon, government payments only recoup the costs of planting and allow him
to limp into next year when he can hope for a better crop on the two small farms
that he runs while working part-time at an agricultural co-op.

Although the crop payments are not a get-rich-quick scheme for farmers,
Agriculture officials concede that there are ways in which farmers unaffected by
the flood can take advantage of this year's flood relief bill

For example: A farmer can collect a price support payment even though he or she
never planted a crop. Farmers need only say they planned to plant.

Jean Robuck, executive director of Agricultural Stabilization in St.  Charles
County, acknowledges that this rule could be abused but says she doesn't think
false claims are widespread.  Soil Repair

At the same time the federal government is paying farmers for damaged crops, it
also is rebuilding the levees that protect their farms and it is paying to
repair the frequently flooded farmland.

From the point of view of farmers who have spent their lives on the bottom
lands, this makes sense. They want to keep farming their land.

From the perspective of environmentalists and some government managers, it
doesn't. The government is spending millions to keep farmers on land that will
inevitably flood again and trigger a new cycle of government payments.

A farmer can apply for a soil repair grant at the same Agricultural
Stabilization office where he or she applies for crop disaster payments.

At first, many area farmers feared they would not qualify for the $ 30 million
that Congress set aside for this "emergency conservation program." That's
because the Agriculture Department had a rule disqualifying farms involved in
three or more disasters within the last 25 years - a rule that appeared to apply
to area farms because many have flooded three times in two decades.

Under pressure from Volkmer, however, the Agriculture Department tossed out the
"3 in 25" rule. This was particularly important for St. Charles County farmers
on the Missouri River where the flood covered some farm land with several feet
of sand.  Levees

Across the still swollen Missouri River from the Agriculture office in St.
Charles is the FEMA disaster headquarters.

Ironically, FEMA is situated in an office building in Earth City, the industrial
park that was built two decades ago over the objections of environmentalists
upset about flood plain development.

In one corner of the FEMA office is a six-agency task force in charge of
deciding which levees should be rebuilt. The task force is supposed to provide
owners of damaged levees with alternatives.

The Army Corps of Engineers tells the owner if the levee qualifies for repair
and puts a price tag on the project. The Soil Conservation Service and U.S. Fish
and Wildlife Service provide other options, such as converting the fields to
wetlands.

The Corps of Engineers is the 1,000-pound gorilla of this task force for two
reasons. It has the most money, and nearly all the owners of damaged levees want
them rebuilt.

So far, the federal wetland reserve program has fizzled.

The Agriculture Department announced earlier this month that it expected to
commit as much as $ 92 million toward turning flooded farmland over to wetland
reserve.

But after long, involved discussions in Washington over what rules to follow, a
slimmed down, $ 15 million program is expected to emerge from the bureaucracy
next week, federal officials say.

Mike Wells, the Agriculture Department's assistant state conservationist in
Missouri, says that is too little money.

"Fifteen million will not be a whole lot of value for us," he said. "It's hardly
worth advertising to the farmers."

Partly because of the uncertainty over the program, local Agriculture officials
in Missouri and Illinois haven't received wetland reserve applications.

Even if farmers apply after the rules are known, they might not qualify, says
Renee Phillips, district conservationist in St. Charles County. Land covered
with several feet of sand does not make a good wetland because it supports
little growth, she said.

The bottom line is that despite the hoopla about wetland reserves, most of the
levees are being rebuilt.

As long as a levee meets Corps of Engineers criteria, there is enough money to
rebuild it, says Bob Florence, the recovery coordinator for the corps. In
addition to the $ 175 million to $ 235 million that Congress appropriated for
the corps in the flood relief bill, the agency has a regular account for
emergency reconstruction.

The corps has already decided to rebuild the main levees along the Missouri
River in St. Charles County.

Some environmentalists suggest that the corps is moving too fast. Timothy D.
Searchinger, a lawyer and wetlands expert for the Environmental Defense Fund in
New York, says it makes little sense to quickly rebuild levees around
communities that may relocate, such as Valmeyer, Ill. Corps officials have
noted, however, that other farm communities are protected by the levee that
protects Valmeyer.  Housing

Money for housing is divided among eight programs administered by four agencies.

The biggest housing problem is finding money for relocating homes from the flood
plain. Four accounts in two different agencies are available, but each has major
problems. For example:

FEMA has a fund to relocate houses covered by flood insurance, but many flood
victims didn't have flood insurance, and the account is underfunded.

FEMA has a "hazard mitigation" program, but it is starved by the 10 percent cap.

The Department of Housing and Urban Development has $ 200 million in community
development block grants and $ 50 million for a separate housing program. But
the community development block grants have been tied up until recently by a
legal snafu.

The flood relief law says the grants are for "repair, replacement, or
restoration" of facilities damaged by the flood. Cautious HUD lawyers suggested
that this might not permit the money to be used for buyouts.

House Majority Leader Richard A. Gephardt, D-St. Louis County, and other members
of Congress finally prevailed upon the administration to discard this
interpretation.

These community development grants are particularly valuable to local
governments. Through a convenient legal fiction, the federal money becomes local
money when it enters local treasuries and can be used as local matching funds.

While communities scrounge to find the money for relocation, the flood relief
bill has provided the Farmers Home Administration with more funds than it needs
for home and business loans in rural areas, officials acknowledge.

That's because it is easier and quicker for rural residents to obtain long-term,
low-rate loans from the Small Business Administration.

WHERE THE MONEY GOES

This is how the $ 5.7 billion in federal flood relief is being spent. The
amounts do not add up to $ 5.7 billion because some money is not yet committed
or accounted for. Contingency funds can only be used after a presidential
action.  FARMERS - 52.9% Purpose: Crop payments.  Agency: Commodity Credit Corp.
- administered by Agricultural Stabilization and Conservation Service (ASCS)
Money: $ 1.05 billion now, $ 900 million next year, $ 300 million contingent.
Two in five federal disaster relief dollars go to farmers to pay for crop
losses. A farmer applies for disaster relief at the county ASCS office and the
check comes from the Commodity Credit Corp., a government-owned corporation.
Farmers who participate in the government's price-support system receive larger
disaster payments than those who don't.

A farmer who suffers a total loss on a 100-acre cornfield with a 100 bushel/acre
yield can end up receiving one, two or three payments, depending on whether the
farmer has crop insurance and participates in the price support program.**

Farmer    Farmer       Farmer     Farmer

Jones     Smith        Brown      John Crop Insurance        NO         NO
         YES        YES Price supports        NO        YES           NO
YES Disaster            $ 6,708    $ 9,652       $ 7,194      $ 10,456 Price
support money            $ 2,592                    $ 2,700 Crop insurance money

                   Max. $ 9,933 Max. $ 14, 294

TOTAL           $ 6,708    $ 12,244 Max.$ 17,127 Max. $ 27,450 **Many St.
Charles County farmers who were flooded are in the price support system, but
only about 1 percent have crop insurance.  Purpose: Farmland repair.  Money: $
30 million Agency: Agricultural Stabilization and Conservation Service (ASCS)
Farmers can apply at their local Agriculture office for Eemrgency Conservation
grants to repair damaged farms by removing debris and sand from soil, repairing
the land and rebuilding damaged farm buildings. Until recently, federal rules
barred the use of this money to repair land that had been in three catastrophes
over 25 years. Under pressure from Congress, the Agriculture Department waived
that rule which would have prevented many area farmers from collecting because
they have suffered floods in 1973, 1986 and this year.  Purpose: Loans for
production losses Agency: Farmer's Home Administration Money: $ 20.5 million
(subsidizing $ 80 million in emergency disaster loans) Farmers may apply for
these subsidized loans to refinance debt, clean up their farms and repair farm
buildings. So far, there have been few applications because farmers are more
interested in grants than greater debt.  Purpose: Loans for land development
Agency: Farmers Home Administration FmHA Money: $ 1.285 million for $ 7 million
in loans Loans to farmers for land and water development such as digging wells,
building dikes, improving water supplies and erosion control.  LEVEES - 6.8%
Purpose: Repair agricultural levees Agency: Soil Conservation Service Money:  $
35 million now, $ 25 million contingent About $ 7 million of the $ 35 million
has gone to Missouri, and $ 2 million to Illinois. The money pays for clearing
logjams and streams and rebuilding agricultural levees on tributaries of the
Missouri and Mississippi rivers.  Illinois reports about 100 breaks on
agricultural levees on tributaries while Missouri reports about 400. These
levees each protect from 2 to 15 farms.  Some money from this account may be
used to buy out agricultural land to turn it over to the national watershed
reserve program.  Purpose: Repair major levees Agency: Army Corps of Engineers
Money:  $ 175 million now, $ 60 million contingent $ 55 million will repair the
Corps' own locks and dams and federal levees under corps control. The remaining
$ 120 million will repair federally constructed levees maintained by levee
districts along the major rivers. The Corps' St.  Louis District, which oversees
the Mississippi River basin, expects $ 40-45 million. The Kansas City District,
which oversees the Missouri River basin, expects the same. The Corps also can
dip into a permanent account for levee repair that is funded from its regular
congressional appropriation. There is enough money to repair any levee that
qualifies for assistance.  EDUCATION AND JOBS - 3.7% Purpose: Unemployment
compensation Agency: Federal Emergency Management Money: $ 8.5 million Purpose:
Temporary education expenses Agency: Department of Education Money: $ 70 million
contingent To pay for transporting students to other schools while flood-damaged
schools are repaired.  Purpose: College loans Agency: Department of Education
Money: $ 30 million Financial assistance to college students whose families
suffered a loss of income because of the flood.  Purpose: Temporary employment
Agency: Department of Labor - Employment and Training Administration Money: $
43.5 million now; $ 11.1 million contingent Help for workers dislocated by the
flood. The program can put a dislocated worker in temporary employment for up to
6 months or $ 6,000 in earnings.  The money is allocated by local private
industry councils.  FLOOD RESPONSE - 1.1% Purpose: Administer federal response
Agency: Federal Emergency Management Agency Money: More than $ 30 million
Purpose: Coast Guard response Agency: Coast Guard Money: $ 10 million Operating
expenses of Coast Guard operations, such as overtime, fuel, bottled water and
temporary housing of Coast Guard facilities. At least $ 2 million is being spent
within 100 miles of St. Louis.  Purpose: Repair weather equipment Agency:
National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration Money: $ 1 million Repair and
replace weather forecasting facilities; and pay for NOAA workers for overtime.
Purpose: Repair river gauges Agency: U.S. Geological Service Money: $ 1.439
million To repair broken electronic gauges for measuring river levels and pay
overtime for those who operated gauges during the flood.  Purpose: Cleanup
volunteers Agency: Commission on National & Community Service Money: $ 2 million
now and $ 2 million contingent To pay for efforts of the Youth Corps and other
volunteer organizations which worked to clean up after the flood.  LEGAL
SERVICES - 0.01% Purpose: Legal assistance to victims Agency: Legal Services
Corp.  Money: $ 300,000 Pays for the increased workload of legal services
lawyers resulting from the flood. The legal services office in St. Louis has
been inundated with legal problems faced by flood victims.  PUBLIC WORKS - 21.0%
Purpose: Roads, sewers, etc. for industrial parks Agency: Economic Development
Agency Money: $ 100 million now; $ 100 million in contingency funds Grants to
state and local governments for replacement of public buildings and construction
of roads, water and sewer facilities to industrial parks. The money can also be
used for industrial buildings for companies that want to move out of the flood
plain.  Purpose: Water assistance in rural areas Agency: Rural Development
Insurance Fund Money: $ 20 million now, $ 30 million contingent Emergency water
assistance to local governments to fix water lines and water treatment
facilities.  Purpose: Assistance to public entities Agency: FEMA Money: About $
468.6 million (Mo.: $ 112.5 million, Ill.: $ 144 million) Public works projects
like water treatment plants, roads, bridges, levees and public buildings, like
city halls. This money can also be spent on private non-profit organizations
with a public purpose, such as day-care centers. A 10% state/local match is
required.  Purpose: Rebuild highways Agency: Federal Highway Administration
Money: $ 100 million now; $ 75 million contingent Grants to states to repair
damaged highways and bridges.  Purpose: Repair damaged rail lines Agency:
Department of Transportation Money: $ 11 million for short-line railroads; $ 10
million for any railroad The biggest project is the damaged Gateway Western line
at Glasgow, Mo.  HOUSING - 10.3% Purpose: Temporary housing Agency: FEMA Money:
About $ 105.2 million dispersed to date FEMA's temporary rental assistance can
last up to 18 months. The agency also offers grants to individuals of up to $
21,900 to pay for temporary housing repairs and damage to personal belongings.
Purpose: Relocation Agency: FEMA Money: About $ 57 million FEMA administers two
funds to pay for relocation. One, under the flood insurance program, has about $
5 million. The other, called the hazard mitigation program, has about $ 52
million.  Purpose: Housing loans Agency: Small Business Administration Money:
About $ 30 million subsidizing loans of about $ 150 million Long-term loans to
repair homes and replace personal property. SBA loans can be as large as $
100,000 for homes and $ 20,000 for personal property.  Most are at 4 percent
with repayment periods up to 30 years. Already, SBA has approved $ 46.7 million
in housing loans in Missouri and more than $ 39 million in Illinois. The
agency's emergency loan fund has plenty of money; it had a $ 300 million balance
before the flood relief bill.  Purpose: Housing assistance to farmers Agency:
Farmers Home Administration - FmHA Money: $ 5.9 million (subsidizing $ 15
million in loan income housing loans); $ 15 million very-low-income housing
repair grants.  The FmHA loans are available only in rural areas. The
very-low-income grants are for poor, elderly rural residents for the purpose of
removing hazards, like a leaky roof.  Purpose: Housing Agency: Housing and Urban
Development Dept.  Money: $ 50 million Home Investment Partnerships Program
(HOME) funds - $ 200 million in community development block grants In both
programs, federal money is turned over to state and local governments.  All of
the HOME funds are for housing, including rental assistance, acquisition of a
housing site, new construction and rehabilitation.  Community development block
grants can be used for housing and for repair of water lines, sewer lines and
streets leading to housing. Block grants also can be used by the state as part
of its local matching funds. There is considerable confusion over what
regulations govern this money, according to local officials.  HEALTH AND
ENVIRONMENT - 2.49% Purpose: Protect health Agency: Public Health Service3
Money: $ 75 million in contingency funds The Public Health Service had asked for
$ 247 million and ended up getting $ 75 million in contingency funds. Doctors at
the service say it doesn't make sense to give health a back-seat. They say that
serious health hazards could still emerge.  Purpose: Assess environmental damage
Agency: Environmental Protection Agency Money: $ 33.95 million Money for
collection and disposal of pesticides, assessing chemical and biological
contamination and researching the flood's effect on hazardous waste facilities.
About $ 8 million is for cleanup of leaking underground storage tanks.  PARKS
AND HISTORIC BUILDINGS - 0.9% Purpose: Repair national parks Agency: National
Park Service Money: $ 5.9 million Repair of damaged national parks and
historical buildings. The largest sum, $ 400,000 goes to the Arch. About $ 2
million goes through the National Trust for Historical Preservation for repairs
on the more than 2,000 sites on the national register.  Purpose: Repair federal
refuges Agency: U.S. Fish and Wildlife Money: $ 30 million $ 1.04 million goes
to Squaw Creek near Mound City, Mo., and $ 1.995 million goes to Swan Lake near
Sumner, Mo. The largest sum $ 11.1 million, goes to the Mark Twain refuge near
Quincy, Ill., to replace roads, trails and park facilities.  Purpose: Repair
Indian reservations Agency: Bureau of Indian Affairs Money: $ 3.878 million
Bridges, roads and agricultural land on Indian reservations. The Bureau says
this is far less than needed and has been pressing other agencies to help.
REBUILDING BUSINESSES - 0.8% Purpose: Business loans Agency: Small Business
Administration SBA Money: Approx. $ 30 million subsidizing loans of about $ 150
million About half of the money in the flood relief act for SBA loans goes to
businesses. SBA can loan up to $ 1.5 million to a firm.  Purpose: Loans for
rural businesses Agency: Rural Development Insurance Fund Money: $ 2.7 million
guaranteeing $ 80 million in industrial development loans with an identical
amount in contingency funds.  There has been little demand for these loans.
There is plenty of less expensive money at the SBA that can be obtained more
quickly. The loans are only available to those with businesses in rural areas
affected by the flood, like an agricultural equipment dealer.  Helpful telephone
numbers for agencies disbursing federal flood assistance: Federal Emergency
Management Agency To apply for disaster assistance - 800-462-9029 FEMA
Information hotline - 800-853-3362 FEMA fraud hotline - 800-323-8603 Agriculture
Dept.  Agricultural Stabilization and Conservation Service - crop disaster
payments and farmland repair St. Charles County - 1-724-1264 St. Louis County -
453-9555 Franklin County - 1-583-2303 Jefferson County - 1-789-2441 Madison -
618-656-7300 Monroe - 618-939-6181 St. Clair - 618-235-2500 Small Business
Administration 800-462-9029 Housing St. Louis County Flood Relocation Assistance
- 621-4373 St. Charles County Emergency Management Agency - 949-3023 St. Louis
Housing Authority - 286-4313 Levees Army Corps of Engineers (St. Louis District)
for all the Mississippi River - 314-331-8570 Kansas City Corps District -
Missouri River basin - 816-426-6135 Legal Services Legal Services of Eastern Mo.
- 367-1700 Land of Lincoln Legal Assistance - 618-271-9140 for St. Clair and
Monroe; 618-462-0029 or 800-642-5570 for Madison.  source: Compiled by William
H. Freivogel

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, GRAPHIC; (1) Photo by Scott Dine/Post-Dispatch - A cornfield on
a flood plain at Alexandria, Mo., last month. Midwestern farmers say it will
take years to recover from the flood. (2) Photo by L.T. Spence/Post-Dispatch -
Members of the Dunkmann family wrestling with a boat last month on their farm in
the Black Walnut area of St. Charles County. The Dunkmanns expressed concern
over the future of their farmland. (3) Photo by AP - Firefighters rescuing a
resident of Pittsburgh, Kan., from his flooded home Friday after a local creek
overflowed. The city received more than nine inches of rain Friday. (4) Graphic
by Tom Borgman/Post-Dispatch - The Federal Flood Relief Dollar - graphic lists
breakdown of where the money goes including contingency funds that must be
approved by President Clinton on an emergency basis. Farmers - 52.9%, Public
Works - 21.0%, Housing - 10.3%, Levees - 6.8%, Education and jobs - 3.7%, Health
and environment - 2.49%, Flood response - 1.1%, Parks and historic buildings -
0.9%, Rebuilding businesses - 0.8%, Legal services - 0.01% (5) Graphic by Tom
Borgman/Post-Dispatch - Where the money goes. (see bottom of story).

TYPE: PROFILE FEDERAL FLOOD RELIEF

                  Copyright 1993 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             791 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Wyoming Tribune-Eagle (Cheyenne)

                              April 5, 2015 Sunday

4-5 Local briefs

BYLINE: Staff

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Briefs; Pg. 4-5 NEWS Local Briefs::2

LENGTH: 1076 words


bkm

CHEYENNE

Science standards review committee seeking members

A call is going out to all Wyoming residents who are interested in serving on
the 2015 Wyoming Science Standards Review Committee.

The work of this committee will begin this summer with two to four days of
meetings in June and possibly July. The science standards will outline what
students should know and be able to do at the end of each grade level. Standards
are concise, written descriptions that describe educational objectives. They do
not describe any particular teaching practice, curriculum or assessment method.

If you are interested in serving on this committee, complete the survey at
http://goo.gl/forms/evtnR44brK. The survey will close at 11:45 p.m. Wednesday,
April 22.

Note that completing this survey does not commit you to anything at this time,
nor does it sign you up to serve. You are simply expressing an interest in
participating. Standards committee members will be chosen from the list of those
interested and will be contacted directly through the email address they provide
in the survey.

For questions regarding the committee work or the survey, contact Laurie
Hernandez at laurie.hernandez@wyo.gov or 777-3469.

USDA offers housing repair and rehabilitation loans and grants

The U.S. Department of Agriculture's Home Repair Housing program provides access
to financing for very low-income homeowners who are unable to obtain credit
elsewhere in need of repairs and home improvements to ensure health and safety
or help maintain basic quality standards.

A rural owner-occupied homeowner whose house needs repairs may be eligible for a
loan or grant. Grants are only available to homeowners who are 62 or older to
remove health and safety hazards, and cannot repay a home repair loan.

Income and property eligibility guidelines have been established for each county
in the state. To ensure your area and income is eligible, you can access the
following website:
http://eligibility.sc.egov.usda.gov/eligibility/welcomeAction.do.

Very low-income families can receive up to $20,000 in loan funds, with repayment
terms up to 20 years, depending on their income available to repay the loan. The
interest rate is 1 percent. Grants of up to $7,500 (lifetime assistance) and
loan/grant combinations are available to applicants who are 62 or older.

Loans and grants cannot be used to assist in the construction of a dwelling or
make repairs to a dwelling that is in such poor condition that, with completed
repairs, the dwelling continues to be a major hazard to the safety and health of
its occupants.

For more information, visit
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/single-family-housing-repair-loans
-grants.

DWS encourages unemployment information to file online

The Wyoming Department of Workforce Services' Unemployment Insurance Division is
encouraging individuals to file for unemployment insurance benefits online.

Filing online is an option for those who want to avoid extended wait times
associated with filing claims over the telephone.

Claimants can file for benefits and print a copy of their claim summary for
their records at the following site:
https://doe.state.wy.us/InetClaims/.Unemployment insurance is a program to help
workers who have lost their job through no fault of their own.

For additional information about unemployment insurance benefits, review the
Wyoming claimant guidebook online at wyomingworkforce.org or call 473-3789.

Wyoming scores high for timeliness of election information

Wyoming ranks among the top states in the nation for the quality and timeliness
of election information given to candidates for public office, according to a
recently released study of state election offices.

The Election Division of the Wyoming Secretary of State's Office scored high
marks for answering candidates' questions in a timely manner and providing them
with accurate and complete information, according to

Ballotpedia

, a nonpartisan organization that provides information to the public on politics
and elections.

"We are pleased that this study affirms one of our core values which is to
provide quality customer service," said Secretary of State Ed Murray in a
statement. "The conduct of elections is one of the most important functions of
the Secretary of State's Office and ensuring that candidates have timely and
accurate information is one of the keys to a successful election."

According to the

Ballotpedia

study, "Candidates with highly accessible election agencies can find a number of
resources to help them through this process, while candidates whose states are
on the other end of the spectrum may need to stumble through the process on
their own."

To conduct the study,

Ballotpedia

sent emails to state election offices posing as candidates.

Wyoming received the top score for providing a detailed response within 24
hours.

Ballotpedia

also examined the websites of state election offices, evaluating the content and
ease of access of information to candidates.

Local veterans encouraged to attend "Town Hall" meeting

Veterans, their families and survivors are invited to participate in a U.S.
Department of Veterans Affairs town hall discussion to hear the latest on VA
benefit programs and provide their own feedback on benefits and services
provided by VA.

The Cheyenne Veterans Service Center is inviting public participation in the
town hall that will be held from 5 to 7 p.m. Thursday the Ambulatory Care
Waiting Room of the Cheyenne Veteran Affairs Medical Center, which is located at
2360 E. Pershing Blvd.

The meeting is open to all members of the public, including Congressional
stakeholders, veterans service organizations, state and local governmental and
non-governmental organizations and community partners.

The town hall is one of many being held around the country.

New VA Secretary Robert McDonald announced the town hall meetings to improve
communications with veterans, improve the delivery of VA benefits and services
and rebuilding trust among all those that the VA serves.

Claims representatives will be available to provide one-on-one counseling on
benefits.

VA representatives will also be available to assist Veterans in enrolling in

eBenefits

, which is a VA and Department of Defense website with over 55 self-service
options.

VA welcomes frank and open discussion of veterans' concerns in all VA program
areas. Following the town hall, regional office officials will brief VA's
leaders on the input received and suggestions for improvements.

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2015 Cheyenne Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             792 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 5, 2014 Friday

Agriculture, Rural Housing Service: Loan Specialist NENY-15-0003

LENGTH: 3623  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of Personnel Management has issued the following job announcement:

Job Title:Loan Specialist

Department:Department Of Agriculture

Agency:Agriculture, Rural Housing Service

Job Announcement Number:NENY-15-0003
SALARY RANGE:
 $39,179.00 to $75,376.00 / Per Year
OPEN PERIOD:
 Thursday, December 4, 2014 to Monday, December 15, 2014
SERIES & GRADE:
 GS-1165-07/11
POSITION INFORMATION:
 Full-Time - Permanent
PROMOTION POTENTIAL:
11
DUTY LOCATIONS:
 01 vacancy in the following location(s):
Canton, NY View Map
Watertown, NY View Map
WHO MAY APPLY:
 Current permanent Federal employees with competitive status, reinstatement
eligibles, persons with disabilities, VEOA eligibles, certain military spouses,
30% or more disabled veterans, former Peace Corps or VISTA volunteers,
CTAP/ICTAP eligibles,  Farm Service Agency permanent county employees and those
eligible for other Special Hiring Authorities.
SECURITY CLEARANCE:
 Public Trust - Background Investigation
SUPERVISORY STATUS:
 No
JOB SUMMARY:

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural Development Agency serves rural
communities throughout the country by investing in their communities through
housing and utility infrastructure, by increasing economic opportunity, and by
improving the quality of life for all rural Americans.  Rural Development
provides over 40 loan and grant programs in the Rural Housing and Community
Facilities Services, Rural Business and Cooperative Services, and Rural
Utilities Service. Rural Development supports a positive work environment and
promotes diversity and inclusion for nearly 5,000 employees.

Rural Development is a dynamic organization recruiting for employees who possess
the energy, compassion, and commitment to serve those in rural communities and
will enjoy working in a fast paced and results driven organization.  Our
commitment is to expand economic opportunity and quality of life in all of rural
America by providing financial programs to support essential public facilities
and services such as water and sewer systems, housing, health clinics, emergency
service facilities and electric and telephone service.  Rural Development offers
a friendly and professional working environment and such excellent benefits as:
a generous salary, alternative work schedules, paid vacation and sick leave,
paid holidays, retirement and supplemental savings plan, a wide array of health,
dental, vision, and life insurance plans, flexible spending accounts, and
long-term care insurance.

The assigned duty location may be located in Canton, NY or Watertown, NY.

TRAVEL REQUIRED

Occasional Travel
    1-5 days travel per month

RELOCATION AUTHORIZED

No

KEY REQUIREMENTS

US Citizenship is required.

DUTIES:
Back to top

This position is located in the Canton or Watertown, NY Area Office in USDA/
Rural Development (RD). The incumbent has responsibility for marketing, managing
and servicing loans for multi-family housing projects.

Loan Servicing: Serves as a field office contact on loan servicing inquiries,
actions, and problems.
        Loan Application Eligibility, Feasibility, Credit-Worthiness and
Viability Analyses: Prepares preliminary analysis of rehabilitation loan
applications.
        Marketing and Outreach: Develops, implements and coordinates a broad and
aggressive outreach and marketing program for assigned loan portfolio(s).
Develops outreach and marketing strategic plans.

QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED:
Back to top

Grade 7: Applicants must have 1 year of specialized experience equivalent to at
least the GS-05 level that demonstrates: basic knowledge of loan examining
and/or servicing principles, procedures and techniques as they apply to
investigation, analysis, and evaluation of financial factors and credit risks in
relation to the granting and servicing of mortgage loans. Experience may have
been gained in work equivalent to furnishing general information concerning loan
programs, loan eligibility requirements, financial and credit requirements;
reviewing loan applications for eligibility and financial soundness; and
analyzing information provided by loan applicant and making recommendations to a
higher level loan specialist about loan eligibility.  This specialized
experience must have been equivalent to the next lower grade to the position for
which you are applying or one full year of progressively higher level graduate
education or superior academic achievement.

Grade 9: Applicants must have  1 year of specialized experience equivalent to at
least the GS-07 level that demonstrates: a working knowledge of realty,
commercial, community and/or other types of technical loans, competence in
reviewing loan application packages for commercial, bank and/or mortgage loans
and taking action within delegated loan approval authority; competence servicing
a loan portfolio of a bank, Rural Development or loan association; appraising
SFH real estate to determine property valuation or similar work.  This
specialized experience must have been equivalent to the next lower grade level
to the position for which you are applying or 2 full years of progressively
higher level graduate education or master's or equivalent graduate degree such
as an LL.B. or J. D.

Grade 11: Applicants must have1 year of specialized experience equivalent to at
least the GS-09;or its non­ Federal equivalent that demonstrates knowledge and
understanding of loan making/servicing, credit principles, and practices in
order to assess the fundamental soundness of loans and to independently examine
applications, supporting documents, credit reports, and maintain servicing
activities on small less complex loans in areas of agricultural, realty, and
commercial. Experience may have been gained in work equivalent to furnishing
information to borrowers and applicants on loan programs, eligibility
requirements, financial and credit requirements; analyzing information provided
by loan applicants, determining eligibility for loans and making loan
recommendations to a senior employee; assisting senior level employees
ininitiating action to graduate borrowers who are eligible for other credit
sources;and participating in providing credit counseling to all borrowers and
debt adjustment services.

OR Ph.D.or equivalent doctoral degree or 3 full years of progressively higher
level graduate education leading to such a degree or LL.M., if related OR a
combination of education as described and specialized experience.

NOTE: To be considered for this position, you must meet all qualification and
eligibility requirements for the GS-1165 series set forth in the Office of
Personnel Management (OPM) Qualification Standards by the closing date of the
announcement. A copy is available at:
http://www.opm.gov/qualifications/index.asp.

o  Have your salary sent to a financial institution of your choice by Direct
Deposit/Electronic Funds Transfer.
o  If you are newly hired, the documentation you present for purposes of
completing the Department Homeland Security (DHS) Form I-9 on your entry-on-duty
date will be verified through the DHS "E-VERIFY" system. Federal law requires
the use of E-VERIFY to confirm the employment eligibility of all new hires.
Under this system, the new hire is required to resolve any identified
discrepancies as a condition of continued employment.
o  To be eligible for appointment to this position, the new hire must be cleared
to come on board once the results of the fingerprint check, review of the
OF-306, Declaration for Federal Employment, and the candidate's Electronic
Questionnaires for Investigations Processing (eQIP) entries have been reviewed
and determined to be satisfactory.  This position requires a favorable credit
check as part of the background investigation.
HOW YOU WILL BE EVALUATED:

You will be evaluated based on your qualifications for this position as
evidenced by the education, experience, and training you described in your
application package, as well as the responses to the Occupational Questionnaire
to determine the degree to which you possess the knowledge, skills, abilities
and competencies listed below:

oKnowledge of Housing, Commercial and Community Programs loans and/or grant
making requirements.

oKnowledge of Housing, Commercial and community Programs servicing requirements.

oKnowledge of Building Standards, Costs, Specifications and Contracts.

oProgram Administration/Project Management

oOral Communication

oWritten Communication

We will review your application, including the online Occupational
Questionnaire, to ensure you meet the job requirements and assess your ability
to perform this job. Before any certificate can be issued to the selecting
official, the resume and supporting documents are reviewed by an HR Specialist
to ensure that (a) minimum qualification requirements are met and (b) the resume
supports the answers provided to the job-specific questions. Your answers will
be verified against information provided in your online resume and application.
Be sure that your resume clearly supports your responses to all the questions
addressing experience and education relevant to this position.
    Applicants who meet the basic minimum qualification requirements and are
determined to be among the best qualified candidates will be referred to the
hiring manager for consideration. Non-Competitive candidates need to meet
minimum qualification requirements to be referred.

Note: If, after reviewing your resume and / or supporting documentation, a
determination is made that you have inflated your qualifications and or
experience, your score can / will be lowered to more accurately reflect the
submitted documentation. Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or
omissions may affect your rating. Deliberate attempts to falsify information may
be grounds for not selecting you.

To view the application form, visit:
https://rhs.usda.ntis.gov/cp/?event=jobs.previewApplication&jobid=8b480058-9bc9-
4d6c-a632-a3d400ea1581

BENEFITS:
Back to top

You can review our benefits at:
http://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/healthcare/enrollment/new-federal-employ
ee-enrollment/
The Federal Government offers a comprehensive benefits package.  Explore the
major benefits offered to most Federal employees at:
http://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/healthcare/enrollment/new-federal-employ
ee-enrollment/

OTHER INFORMATION:
o  BACKGROUND INVESTIGATION AND FINGERPRINT CHECK:  Selection and retention in
this position is contingent on a successfully adjudicated FBI National Criminal
History Check (fingerprint check) and a background investigation.
o  Career Transition Assistance Plan(CTAP) or Interagency Career Transition
Assistance Plan (ICTAP):   If you are claiming CTAP/ICTAP eligibility, provide
proof of eligibility to include your most recent performance appraisal, SF-50,
and proof of eligibility such as a RIF separation notice or letter from OPM/your
agency.  CTAP/ICTAP eligibles will be considered well-qualified if achieving a
rating of __ or above.  Information about CTAP/ICTAP eligibility is on OPM's
Career Transition Resources website at http://www.opm.gov/ctap/index.asp.
o  If you are selected for a position with further promotion potential, you will
be placed under a career development plan, and may be non-competitively promoted
if you successfully complete the requirements and if recommended by management.
However, promotion is neither implied nor guaranteed.
o  Relocation expenses are not authorized.
o  This position is eligible for telework and other flexible work arrangements.
Employee participation is at the discretion of the supervisor.
o  This is a bargaining unit designated position.
HOW TO APPLY:
Back to top

Please read the entire announcement and all the instructions before you begin.
The following instructions outline our application process.

You must complete this application process and submit all required documents
electronically by 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time (ET) on the closing date of this
announcement.
    We are available to assist you during business hours (normally 8:00 a.m. -
4:00 p.m., Monday - Friday). Applying online is highly encouraged. If applying
online poses a hardship, please contact our office during business hours well
before the closing date for an alternate method. All hardship application
packages with supporting documents must be submitted no later than noon on the
closing date of the announcement in order to be entered into the system prior to
its closing.
    This agency provides reasonable accommodation to applicants with
disabilities on a case-by-case basis; contact us if you are requesting this.

Step 1: Create a USAJOBS account (if you do not have one) at www.usajobs.gov. It
is recommended that as part of your profile you set up automatic email
notification to be informed when the status of your application changes. If you
choose not to set up this automatic notification, then you will have to log into
your USAJOBS account to check on the status of your application.


Step 2: Create a resume with USAJOBS or upload a resume into your USAJOBS
account. Customize your resume to ensure it documents duties and accomplishments
you have gained that are directly related to this position in order to verify
that qualifications are met. Your resume must support your responses to the
online questionnaire (you may preview the online questionnaire by clicking on
the link at the end of the How You Will Be Evaluated section of the job
announcement).

Step 3: Click "Apply Online" and follow the prompts to complete the Occupational
Questionnaire and attach any additional documents that may be required.
You can update your application or documents anytime while the announcement is
open. Log into your USAJOBS account and click on "Application Status." Click on
the position title, and then select "Update Application" to continue.
NOTE: Verify that uploaded documents from USAJOBs transfer into the Agency's
staffing system. Once in the Agency's staffing system you will have the
opportunity to upload additional documents. Uploaded documents must be less than
3MB and in one of the following document formats: GIF, JPG, JPEG, PNG, RTF, PDF,
or Word (DOC or DOCX).


REQUIRED DOCUMENTS:

A cover letter may be provided to introduce your skills and goals associated
with this application.
    A resume should be provided. It should include relevant work experience
(start/end dates stated in month/year, description of duties and salary),
applicable education at a minimum, and your contact information. For current or
previous Federal employees, it should also include the Pay Plan, Series and
Grade for each work experience entry.
    For current or previous Federal employees, please attach a copy of your most
recent SF-50 or agency notification of personnel action form that provides
current position, grade level, and duty location.
    If you are a veteran claiming Veterans' Preference, please attach your
DD-214 "Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty," showing all dates
of service, receipt of medals and campaign badges, as well as character of
service (Honorable, General, etc.). The member 4 copy of your DD-214,
"Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty," is preferable.
    When applying for Federal Jobs, eligible veterans should claim preference on
their application or resume. Applicants claiming 10-point preference must
complete Standard Form (SF) 15, "Application for 10-Point Veteran Preference",
and submit the requested documentation.
    Please provide a copy of your College transcript(s) which support those
qualifications for which you wish to have considered.

A complete Application Package must be submitted and received prior to 11:59,
ET, on the closing date. The following documents are required for your
application package to be complete. Our office cannot be responsible for
incompatible software, illegible fax transmissions, delays in the mail service,
your system failure or downtime, etc. Failure to submit required, legible
documents may result in loss of consideration.

Resume that includes the following information: 1) personal information; 2)
education; 3) work experience including the work schedule and hours worked per
week as well as dates of employment; and title, series and grade if applicable;
4) supervisor's phone number and e-mail address for each work period listed and
whether or not we may contact them for reference checks; and, 5) other
qualifications.
    College Transcripts if education is required for meeting basic
qualifications and/or used as a substitute for specialized experience. An
unofficial copy is sufficient however, if selected; an official college
transcript will be required prior to entering on duty. Education must have been
successfully completed and obtained from an accredited school, college, or
university. Foreign education must be evaluated by an approved organization. For
additional information, refer to the U.S. Department of Education web site at
http://www.ed.gov. All transcripts must be in English or include an English
translation.

Other required documents as applicable:

Current/Former Career/Career-Conditional: Most recent non-award Notification of
Personnel Action (SF-50 or equivalent) showing that you are/were in the
competitive service, highest grade (or promotion potential) held on a permanent
basis, federal status, position title, series and grade AND most recently
completed performance appraisal (dated within 18 months) showing the official
rating of record, signed by the supervisor, or a statement as to why the
performance appraisal is unavailable. Do not submit a performance plan.
    Veteran Hiring Authorities: (VEOA, VRA, and 30% Disabled Veterans): DD-214
(Member 4 Copy). Disabled veterans must include your VA letter & SF-15 if
claiming 10 pt. preference. Current active duty members must submit a
certification that they are expected to be discharged or released from active
duty under honorable conditions not later than 120 days after the date the
certification is submitted.
    Schedule A, Persons with Disabilities: Schedule A letter from a physician,
local, state or federal rehabilitation office citing eligibility under 5 CFR
213.3102 (u).
    Certain Military Spouses under E.O. 13473: Verification of the marriage to
the service member (i.e., a marriage license or other legal documentation
verifying marriage), plus Permanent Change of Station: PCS orders issued within
the last 2 years, that: lists you as authorized to accompany the military member
to the new duty permanent station; the specific location; and the effective date
of the PCS OR Military disability of 100%: verification of the member's release
or discharge due to 100% disability (DD-214 and VA Letter) OR Death while
serving on active duty: 1) Verification of release or discharge due to death
(DD-214). 2) Verification of the member's death (DD-1300 and Death Certificate.
3) Statement certifying they are un-remarried widow or widower of the service
member.
    Foreign Service: Most recent Foreign Service Notification of Personnel
Action, showing that you were/are serving under an unlimited, career-type
appointment AND have completed at least 1 year of continuous service without a
break of a workday under one or more nontemporary Foreign Service appointments.

    CTAP/ICTAP: Certification of Expected Separation, Reduction-In-Force
Separation Notice, Notice of Proposed Removal, or appropriate OPM/Agency
certification; AND most recent performance evaluation; AND SF-50 demonstrating
your separation or the position from which you will be separated.
    Peace Corps/VISTA Volunteers: Documentation of no less than 24 months (Peace
Corps) or 1 year (VISTA) of continuous service and separated within 1 year of
completing the qualifying service.
    Peace Corps Staff: Documentation of no less than 36 months of continuous
service without a break in service of 3 days or more and separated within the 3
years of completing the qualifying service.
    Certain Family Members under E.O. 12721: Most recent non-award SF-50 and
performance appraisal.
    Interchange Agreement with Other Merit Systems: Documentation of eligibility
as listed in interchange agreement.
    Miscellaneous Authorities Not Regulated by the Office of Personnel
Management: (Postal Career Service Employees, Postal Service Commission
Employees, GAO, US Courts, etc.), Current Notification of Personnel Action (or
equivalent) that reflects your eligibility.
    Other Special Hiring Authorities: If you are claiming eligibility under a
Special Hiring Authority, you must submit supporting documents.

AGENCY CONTACT INFO:
Sharidn Daniel
Phone: 804-287-1597
Fax: 855-636-4611
Email: sharidon.daniel@va.usda.gov
Agency Information:
USDA Rural Development
1606 Santa Rosa Road, Ste 238
Richmond, VA,
23229
USA
Fax: 855-636-4611
WHAT TO EXPECT NEXT:
If you set up your USAJOBS account to send automatic email notifications, you
will receive an email acknowledging: 1) the submission of your online
Occupational Questionnaire and resume was successful,  2) if you were referred
to the selecting official for consideration, and  3) if you were selected or not
selected. If you choose not to set up automatic email notifications, you must
check your USAJOBS account for the latest status of your application. Your
application may be reviewed to verify that you meet the qualifications and
eligibility requirements for the position prior to issuing lists to a selecting
official. If further evaluation or interviews are required, you will be
contacted. Normally, a final job offer to the selected candidate is made within
30-60 days after the issuance of the certificate.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             793 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              April 4, 2004 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

Preservationists Celebrate With Civil War Reenactment;
History Buffs Hope Event Will Help Preserve Land From Encroaching Development

BYLINE: Michelle Boorstein, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Metro; C05

LENGTH: 791 words


Things have been looking up for preservationists and Civil War buffs in
Spotsylvania County. Last summer, they defeated a proposal to build an entire
new town, with office space and retail shops and 2,000 houses, on the site of
the Battle of Chancellorsville. In the fall, they took a majority on the Board
of Supervisors.

Now they're about to celebrate with a massive reenactment of the Battle of
Spotsylvania.

For the first time since the 1960s, the pivotal 1864 battle will be re-created
next month in the county where it was fought, complete with a pyrotechnical
adviser, 4,000 reenactors and a curved, quarter-mile-long battle trench built to
look just like the real one, known as the "Mule Shoe" or the Bloody Angle.

Many Civil War buffs -- especially in Spotsylvania -- believe that this battle,
in which the war's two titans, Robert E. Lee and Ulysses S. Grant, really
engaged for the first time, has been lost in the shuffle of history and its
importance unfairly dwarfed by Gettysburg and Antietam.

Spotsylvania also marked a radical change in fighting style, with soldiers
digging extensive trenches -- also called earthworks -- and living in them,
extending them 15 to 20 miles over the 14-day battle. The trenches were
typically five feet deep, had alleys and were elaborately reinforced with logs
and other engineering devices. The battle in the Bloody Angle alone included 22
hours of fighting by as many as 30,000 troops, more than one-third of whom were
killed.

"Spotsylvania is where the duel was really fought between Lee and Grant -- two
weeks of fighting as these two great leaders tried to out-general one another,"
said Jim Campi, spokesman for the Civil War Preservation Trust, which has placed
the Spotsylvania and Chancellorsville sites on its list of the 25
most-endangered battlefields in the country.

Mega-builder Toll Brothers Inc. recently purchased part of the Chancellorsville
site, and the land is zoned for 225 houses. Although the company's Web site
already has model houses for sale there, preservationists say they hope they can
negotiate a land purchase or at least a reduction in the number of houses.

The reenactment, May 7-9, and its sponsorship by the county -- at a cost of
$200,000 -- marks a cultural and political change in Spotsylvania, where
preservationists have roared back in the past couple of years in response to
high-speed development.

Although the Spotsylvania battlefield does not even have a visitors center,
preservationists helped elect a majority of supervisors who are beginning to
focus on historic tourism. Last spring, the county established a tourism
commission charged with promoting history, and the reenactment is its first real
event. County officials also are talking about putting some of the proceeds from
the reenactment into a fund for acquiring land they want to preserve from
development.

A rural county 15 years ago, Spotsylvania has lost most of its working farms.
Rural landowners today have to choose between selling to developers or paying
ever-rising property taxes. A case in point is the site of the reenactment,
Belvedere Plantation, a 1,000-acre working farm that now hosts such events as a
corporate team-building program held in a corn maze and a "Punkin Chunkin,"
which involves catapulting pumpkins out of a cannon.

The reenactment will be held at the plantation because the National Park
Service, which owns the preserved part of the actual battlefield, feared that it
could not accommodate a three-day event expected to attract at least 10,000
people a day.

With Spotsylvania rapidly becoming a bedroom community for Washington, the
reenactment is a way to educate new residents about the region's history, said
Doug Barnes, interim deputy county administrator. It also will be the first
major test of the historic tourism strategy that preservationists used to fight
development.

"If [the reenactment] does well, there will be more things like it. If it
doesn't, my guess is they won't do it again," said Robert Lee Hodge, a longtime
Civil War reenactor and preservationist who is organizing the 140th anniversary
reenactment.

Hodge, who was named after Robert E. Lee and wore a Confederate cap in his
first-grade photo, noted that some preservationists question whether
reenactments ultimately help their cause.

"When you look at reenacting, it's something easily made fun of by South Park
and the Comedy Channel. When you break it down to the lowest common denominator,
you're talking about a subculture of people who dress up in clothes from 140
years ago," he said. "But when you go to a battlefield, unless you have a great
imagination, it's just a field. How do you connect, especially with kids, when
you're up against so much stimulation?"

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2004 The Washington Post


                             794 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           October 25, 2008 Saturday
                                 Every Edition

Economic Downturn Might Be a Catalyst for Smarter Growth

BYLINE: Roger K. Lewis

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. F04

LENGTH: 664 words


The land use and transportation policies of the 20th century are destined to
change dramatically. They enabled sprawl -- the unbridled expansion of American
cities that has engendered enormous unforeseen economic, social, environmental
and aesthetic costs.

Instead, we are turning to a list of R-words: rethinking, redeveloping,
renewing, revitalizing, retrofitting.

Those words have figured repeatedly in recent articles about major proposed
suburban makeovers in Tysons Corner, Rockville Pike and downtown Columbia.
Private and public entities also are developing plans for other sites in the
Virginia and Maryland suburbs, as well as in the District.

Sprawling American suburbs, developed at very low densities, have been zoned and
subdivided into residential enclaves designed primarily for driving convenience.
Widely dispersed employment, commercial and recreational destinations, coupled
with inadequate road systems, have produced severe traffic congestion and
climate-changing carbon emissions while denying suburbanites the choice of
conveniently walking, biking or using transit.

And does anyone find beauty in sprawl?

Sprawl's emblem is the ugly, ubiquitous commercial strip, dominated by surface
parking lots, garish signs and cheaply built, disposable structures.

Land has long been cheaper and more available on the suburban fringe. For
decades, semi-rural counties willingly promoted growth and enacted
sprawl-inducing zoning laws. Lower costs made exurban homes of all styles and
sizes cheaper than comparable homes closer to cities.

At the same time, states and counties continued building roads ever farther out,
aided by federal funding. Inexpensive gasoline and easy credit spurred sales and
use of cars. Easy credit coupled with the federal tax deduction for mortgage
interest also helped home sales. Given the American dream of owning an
affordable single-family house, sprawl was inevitable.

But this dream has become a nightmare for many. The latest housing bubble burst
as borrowers defaulted on subprime mortgages, home prices fell and foreclosures
soared. Not surprisingly, many distressed loans and foreclosed properties are in
sprawling exurbs, especially in high-growth states including Florida, Texas,
Arizona, Nevada, California and, of course, Virginia.

Today's nightmarish economic crisis does teach a lesson. It at last illuminates
the consequences of policies and practices yielding costly sprawl. It shows that
growth by limitless outward expansion is no longer sustainable, no longer an
option.

What's possible and desirable, if not unavoidable in the future, is growth
characterized by the R-words. We must transform portions of our cities and
suburbs that already enjoy favorable locations and serviceable infrastructure,
but are poorly or insufficiently developed. Properties apt to become
economically and functionally obsolete should be revived.

Shifting demographics make such transformations more feasible. Traditional
families -- parents with children -- may continue to opt for the suburban model.
But traditional families represent less than half of all American households.
Millions of households are made up of singles, couples or housemates who neither
want nor need the traditional suburban home. They tend to embrace a more urban
lifestyle, choosing to live in mixed-use environments where they can go shopping
on foot, commute via transit and get along without a car.

Investments in roads, transit and utilities must be aimed at enhancing
infrastructure quality and performance within metropolitan areas, not at the
fringe. Rather than continuing to suburbanize the agrarian landscape, we should
urbanize more of the existing suburbs. This is the essence of "smart growth."

And recession, unemployment and government budget deficits may be just the
pushes needed to finally motivate smart growth behavior by citizens and
policymakers.

Roger K. Lewis is a practicing architect and a professor emeritus of
architecture at the University of Maryland.

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Prince George's County

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; By Robert K. Lewis

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             795 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                             April 24, 2009 Friday
                                   D1 Edition

Government's housing-rescue plan contains two main programs

SECTION: REAL ESTATE; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 664 words


Q. I have heard a lot about the federal government's plan to help homeowners who
are struggling to meet their payments. What are the details? How can I find out
if I qualify?

A. There are lots of technicalities in the plan that was recently approved by
Congress and signed into law by President Barack Obama, but it basically boils
down to two types of help: a special refinancing program and a more complete
loan-modification plan.

The government estimates that up to 9 million homeowners qualify for one program
or the other.

To be eligible for the special refinancing program, a homeowner must have at
least a 20 percent equity stake in their property and have not missed a payment
in the past 12 months. For those who qualify, the government will back loans for
banks to refinance the property at today's lower rates. The catch is that the
loan must be owned by the Federal National Mortgage Association (commonly called
"Fannie Mae") or the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. (Freddie Mac).

Fannie and Freddie buy about half the loans that banks issue, so either agency
might own your loan even if you write your monthly check to the bank that
originally gave you the mortgage or a loan-service company that processes your
payments. Call the bank's customer-service department to find out if your loan
is owned by Fannie or Freddie. If it is, you're probably eligible for the
refinancing package.

The new loan-modification program works differently. It provides government
incentives to banks to lower the interest rates they charge to borrowers to as
little as 2 percent and stretch their loan-repayment schedule to 40 years,
either of which could save homeowners hundreds or even thousands of dollars each
month. The program is not available to those who owe more than $729,750 to their
bank, and most financially troubled borrowers qualify because they owe less.

Again, contact your lender's customer-service department for details about the
new programs. Also go to the government's Web site,
www.MakingHomeAffordable.gov, which includes a tool that can help you determine
if you qualify for either program.

Q. We are both 65 years old, and have started looking for a retirement home in
different rural communities. Many of the properties have two, three or even four
"for sale" signs from different brokerage firms. Where we currently live, homes
are listed by only one company. What gives?

A. It sounds as if the rural communities that you're visiting use "open
listings" rather than the exclusive-right-to-sell agreements that are common in
most urban areas.

City-dwellers who want to sell their home typically sign an exclusive
right-to-sell agreement, which guarantees the real estate agent a commission
even if the seller finds a buyer on their own. But open listings are common in
many rural areas, especially in parts of the nation where there is no Multiple
Listing Service to widely advertise properties that are for sale.

An open listing allows a seller to list with several different agents or
brokerages, and pay only the broker who is able to produce a buyer who can close
the deal. The commission that's owed by the seller under an open listing is
usually about half that owed under an exclusive-right-to-sell agreement, because
the seller is actually paying the broker to represent the buyer only. However,
if the seller finds the buyer on his or her own, no commission is owed at all.

Q. What does the term "NNN" mean?

A. "NNN" is realty shorthand for a triple-net lease, usually involving a
business property. The NNN stands for "net-net-net," which means the tenant not
only pays the monthly rent, but (unlike many other business leases) also must
pay for all of the store or office's share of most other expenses -- from the
project's utilities and insurance, to janitorial services and other costs. So,
in other words, nearly all of the money that the landlord collects is net profit
that goes straight to the bottom line.

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                             796 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Chambersburg Public Opinion (Pennsylvania)

                           February 9, 2008 Saturday

Homes dedicated to families

BYLINE: By NATALIE WILLIS Staff writer

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 613 words


SHIPPENSBURG -- The first two homes of seven currently under construction on
Middle Spring Road in Shippensburg were dedicated to families last week.

Interfaith Housing Alliance and the United States Department of Agriculture
Rural Development dedicated the homes to two families -- the Longs and Ruquets,
who are participating in Rural Development's Self Help program and building
their own home with five other families.

Mary Ann Long and Michelle Ruquet have been working on their future homes since
the week of Thanksgiving and said it hasn't been an easy journey. Both agree
that working in the cold weather and balancing their jobs and sweat equity are
the hardest parts in the construction process so far.

Still, the women are having fun throughout the experience and learning about
their future neighbors in North Middlespring Estates.

"It's a hard job but we all have fun," Ruquet said. "We've gotten to know each
other on an intimate level and you learn about people's personalities and work
ethic."

Ruquet will be living at 212 Pike Court with her three children -- Alex, 13,
Anthony, 9 and Destiny, 7. Long will live at 207 Pike Court and is glad her
daughter Aisha, 5, will be able to grow up with her future neighbor's children.

According to George Klaus, director of USDA Rural Development, the future
homeowners will move into the houses by the end of this summer.

Funding is provided through USDA Rural Development's Self Help Housing program.
Rural Development provides an eligible low-income participant with a 502 direct
mortgage, which Klaus explained as a government subsidized mortgage that can
have an interest rate as low as 1 percent.

"This is a great deal for the family," he said. "By building the house, the
family is absorbing the construction cost themselves."

In the Self Help program, the families help construct their future home, working
on the flooring, siding, framing, roofing and other carpentry-type work.
Interfaith hires a contractor for tasks such as digging the foundation and doing
the electrical and plumbing work and Klaus said there is a construction
supervisor monitoring the site and guiding the homeowners at all times.

"There's been about 50,000 people across the country that take advantage of the
Self Help program," Klaus said. "It's a great way to help a low-income, working
family get a home."

Long and Ruquet were ready to put the hard work into their new home after
applying for the program. Ruquet said the only down payment she has needed to
make was $363 for a homeowner insurance policy.

The "sweat equity" saves on labor costs and the homeowners learn about
construction along the way. Klaus said many program participants have actually
learned the home construction trade from the experience.

Interfaith finds an eligible family and puts it through home ownership, mortgage
and financing education. After buying the land and finding an interested party,
Interfaith hires a construction supervisor, buys tools and guides the family
through the construction process.

"They are literally taught how to build a house," Klaus said.

Currently, the organizations are recruiting a new group of families to start
construction of six homes in Newville. Last fall, four families moved into new
homes in Fayetteville, after a year-long construction process.

----------

Natalie Willis can be reached at 262-4747 or nwillis@publicopinionnews.com .

Eligibility

- Applicant must be in the income range of about 50 to 60 percent of the median
income in the county.

- Applicant must be creditworthy and be able to pay back the mortgage loan.

- The families must complete at least 65 percent of the work, working evenings
and weekends to build the home.

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Building their own: Michelle Ruquet, second from left on porch, and
Mary Ann Long, third from left on porch, are learning how to build their own
homes. The structures were dedicated to them by Interfaith Housing Alliance and
the U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural Development.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2008 Public Opinion
                              All Rights Reserved


                             797 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

               July 11, 2000 Tuesday SANTA CRUZ/MONTEREY EDITION

HOUSING ACTIVISTS ADD A NEW SERVICE: HEALTH SALINAS-BASED AGENCY ACQUIRES
$200,000 GRANT TO HELP FARMWORKER LEADERS WITH MEDICAL ISSUES

BYLINE: DALE RODEBAUGH, Mercury News

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 562 words


A Monterey County non-profit agency, which for 10 years has taught farmworkers
how to improve their housing conditions, is expanding its horizons to include
rural health issues.

The Salinas-based Center for Community Advocacy has received a $200,000 grant to
teach farmworker leaders to spot health hazards, provide health education and
refer patients to the right medical or environmental authorities.

"This will allow farmworkers to look after the health of their own
neighborhoods," said center director Juan Uranga, a former attorney with
California Rural Legal Assistance.

The program is based on a similar one established in Mexico 27 years ago that is
known by its Spanish acronym FEMAP.

Helenmarie Zachritz, who will coordinate the outreach effort, expects to get
started in January. Zachritz is a former Peace Corps worker in El Salvador and
former executive director of the U.S. fundraising arm for FEMAP. She is now the
fundraiser for CCA.

But first, a half-dozen farmworker leaders from 42 communities organized by the
CCA in the Salinas Valley will travel to Ciudad Juarez in the Mexican state of
Chihuahua. There, they'll see how a program similar to the one envisioned for
the Salinas Valley operates, Zachritz said.

Enriquez Suarez, a pediatrician and executive director of the Mexican health
care program, will visit Salinas next week.

In Ciudad Juarez, Zachritz said, the visitors will spend a week shadowing FEMAP
health care workers. The program, which operates throughout Mexico, provides
health education, family planning and primary health care through hospitals and
clinics.

"The backbone of the FEMAP is a 10,000-member corps of community workers
throughout Mexico," Zachritz said. "They will be the models for our community
leaders, who will train with the Monterey County health department upon
returning from Mexico."

As part of their training, farmworker leaders will learn the benefits of a sound
diet and vaccinations as well as the need for examinations for high blood
pressure, diabetes and cancer. They also will learn to look for health problems
associated with pesticides and raw sewage.

"Many farmworkers don't know the value of health screenings or can't afford
them," Zachritz said.

Salinas Valley farmworkers knew little about housing rights when the Center for
Community Advocacy opened its doors in October 1990. It was a period marked by
high-profile cases involving the squalid living conditions of field workers.

In 1985, California Rural Legal Assistance attorneys filed a lawsuit against a
Salinas strawberry grower, many of whose workers lived in holes in the ground.
Two years later the same agency moved against two growers who allegedly housed
up to 70 workers in a two-living-room, two-bedroom house near Prunedale. In
early 1990, authorities went after a King City labor camp where workers lived
among rat droppings, raw sewage and bare electrical wires.

Today, farmworkers at 42 labor camps and other housing sites know their rights.
They also have learned to negotiate with landlords and know where to find help.

The Rural Communities Assistance Corp. in Sacramento, whose grant is funding the
health training, also is providing a $1.5 million, low-interest loan for a
housing project in northern Monterey County. The Pajaro Valley Housing Corp.
will administer that program.

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 2000 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             798 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                December 21, 1990, Friday, Late Edition - Final

And Now the Mobile-Home Co-op, a First in New York

BYLINE: By ALAN FINDER

SECTION: Section B; Page 1; Column 2; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 1062 words

DATELINE: RIVERHEAD, L.I.


In New York City, the word "cooperative" evokes images of rambling West Side
apartments overlooking Central Park or comfortable middle-class dwellings along
Queens Boulevard in Forest Hills.

Here in eastern Long Island, several mobile-home owners have added a new
dimension to the idea of cooperative housing: they are creating the state's
first co-op trailer park.

At first glance, it may sound incongruous. In the popular imagination, mobile
homes are for restless, unrooted souls --people like Rockford, the private
investigator played by James Garner in the 1970's television series, who might
at any moment pull up stakes, hitch a cramped, beat-up trailer to a car and
light out for the territory ahead.

In reality, contemporary mobile homesare anything but mobile. They can cost
$60,000 to $70,000 and up, and they often possess an astonishing array of
amenities, from dishwashers and clothes washers and dryers to air-conditioning
and even saunas. They have become the low-cost, permanent housing of choice for
a growing legion, particularly the retired and young couples.

A Home but No Land

Mobile homes still sit on a chassis, to which wheels are attached to transport
them from the factory. But once the trailers arrive on site, they are usually
placed on semi-permanent foundations, like concrete slabs or blocks. It can cost
severalthousand dollars to move the trailers again.

And while the owners hold sole possession of their trailers, they almost always
rent the land underneath. Therein lies a problem for mobile-home owners in many
parts of New York State.

Unlike tenants in apartment buildings, they have few legal protections. A
dispute with the owner of a trailer park -- called "mobile-home communities" in
contemporary nomenclature -- can easily lead to eviction.

In many parts of New York a mobile-home owner may not be able to find space in
another trailer park. Development pressures in places like eastern Suffolk
County, the Hudson Valley and the Albany area also pose a threat to mobile-home
owners. A trailer park just outside Albany was shut down three years ago after
the land was purchased by a supermarket chain, state housing officials say.

It was just such a threat that led to the co-op arrangement at the Parkview
Community here in Riverhead, a small, pleasant trailer park along the Peconic
River, less than a mile southeast of downtown.

Sale of Site Feared

Many of the park's 47 mobile-home owners feared that developers were about to
buy Parkview's seven acres to build townhouses or a small shopping strip. The
property is in a prime location, on the main road between Riverhead and the
Hamptons.

A few owners began organizing their neighbors to save the trailer park.
"Basically what we told people was, 'You have a home, but you may have nowhere
to put it,' " said Kelley McGivney, now president of the co-op board. "There was
no place else for all of us to go, not on Long Island."

The group heard about a new state program, a $9 million fund created in 1988 to
help mobile-home owners buy the land on which they live. They got in touch with
the state, organized, hired a lawyer and a manager and finally bought the land
last spring for $1.6 million. The monthly $300 rent that the owners now pay for
maintenance will help pay back the state loan.

The owners are awaiting formal approval of their application to the State
Attorney General's office to become a legally constituted cooperative.

Saving 'Our Homes'

"From my point of view, there was no alternative," said Ms. McGivney. "The
motivation was to save our homes."

The owners of a second trailer park, in the town of Brockton in Chatauqua County
also recently used a state loan to buy the park. Two other owner groups will
complete their purchases next month, said Richard B. Norton, director of the
state's mobile-home program. Five other applications are being reviewed by the
state.

Housing officials admit that the $9 million is small compared with the need.
There are 2,110 trailer parks in New York State, with more than 76,000
individuals or families living in mobile homes. While they are primarily in
rural or semi-rural areas, there is even one in New York City, the Meadowpark
community along the Kill Van Kull in the Mariner's Harbor section of Staten
Island.

Not all trailer parks are threatened by development or have serious
landlord-tenant problems. The state loans are intended to help those most in
need.

"It isn't going to put the good parks out of business," W. Bruce Stark,
president of the New York Manufactured Housing Association, a mobile-home
industry group, said of the state program. "But it will help us clean up some of
the slums, some of the smaller parks that are in bad condition."

A 'Middle Ground' Option

For consumers, the chief attraction of mobile homes is still financial. "It
represents a middle ground between an apartment and home ownership," said Angelo
J. Aponte, who was appointed State Commissioner of Housing and Community Renewal
last month. "For younger couples starting out, for retired people who don't want
to stay in a house that has become too large, mobile homes have a tremendous
attraction."

Mobile homes are usually less expensive to buy than conventional houses. In many
parts of the state, the combination of a mortgage for the mobile home and rent
to the trailer park can cost about as much each month as the rent for a
comparable apartment. But ownership of the mobile home also carries tax
advantages and the possibility that its value will appreciate.

And unlike the cramped trailers of old, contemporary mobile homes come in a wide
variety of models. The largest are actually made from two trailers, pieced
together after they have been trucked from the factory to the trailer park.
These have two or three bedrooms, sometimes several bathrooms, and large living
and dining rooms. Inside and out, they are virtually indistinguishable from a
small suburban tract house.

At Mr. Stark's two large trailer parks in Riverhead, both retirement
communities, many people have added rooms, porches and other personal touches to
their mobile homes. At Foxwood Village, which Mr. Stark built three years ago,
there is even a recreation hall with an indoor pool.

"This is really like a little Levittown," he said as he toured his domain.

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 1990

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1990 The New York Times Company


                             799 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                       May 21, 1997 Wednesday 1ST EDITION

Boom times for Brighton Bromley Park project expected to double city's
population

BYLINE: By Steve Raabe, Denver Post Business Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A-01

LENGTH: 679 words

Thirteen years after it was first proposed, a huge new real estate development
in Brighton is finally under way.

Bromley Park ultimately will more than double the population of Brighton, a
once-rural farming community in Adams County that now is grappling with the
benefits and burdens of encroaching growth. In 1995, Brighton's population was
reported at 18,600.

The 1,500-acre residential and commercial project - three times larger than the
Denver Tech Center - has weathered a real estate crash, the failure of Silverado
Banking savings and loan, and a foreclosure by federal regulators until a new
development team took it over in 1993 and brought it to the starting gate.

Developers said Bromley Park's proximity to Denver International Airport and
E-470 and the growing demand for affordable housing should make the project a
significant part of north metro Denver's growth.

Preconstruction work began on the site last week, and developers and Brighton
officials gathered Tuesday for a ceremonial groundbreaking.

The development will include almost 9,000 units of housing, a 300-acre
industrial park and a town center with offices, shops and the new Adams County
courthouse. The development's completion is expected to take 15 to 20 years.

"Initially it may not affect us that much because it's a phased development,"
said Brighton City Manager John Bramble. "But the long-term development
certainly will have a substantial impact on the city."

Bramble said approving the development symbolizes the tightrope that city
officials walk between accommodating growth and preserving the agricultural
heritage of the area.

Bromley Park is a triangular piece of land just north of Barr Lake, bordered by
Interstate 76 on the east, Baseline Road on the north and Tower Road on the
west.

The property was annexed by Brighton in 1985 in anticipation of immediate
development by its owners, a partnership that included high-profile developer
Bill Walters. But the timing corresponded with the fall of metropolitan Denver's
real estate market.

Further complicating development was a loan on the property held by Silverado
Banking savings and loan. Silverado failed in 1988 under the weight of risky
real estate loans, including Bromley Park. Federal regulators seized the thrift
and later foreclosed on the property.

A development team headed by Denver attorney Robert Lembke bought the parcel out
of foreclosure in 1993. It had hoped to start development in 1995 but was unable
to work out an agreement with Brighton until this year.

"Brighton has been very cooperative," Lembke said. "But when you're dealing with
a property of this size and this many issues to be resolved, it takes a lot of
time."

Richmond Homes and Pridemark Homes will start the project's first residential
construction later this summer. Most of the initial homes will be priced from $
100,000 to $ 150,000.

Lembke said the project will incorporate some elements of the "New Urbanism"
movement such as traditional architecture and rows of trees between sidewalks
and streets. But most of the development won't have alleys and thus won't
incorporate the New Urbanism element of detached garages hidden behind homes.

The development will cater to families with jobs at DIA or other businesses in
north metro Denver, Lembke said, as well as commuters who will use the
relatively uncrowded I-76 toward Denver and Baseline Road into Boulder County.

A few parcels of Bromley Park already have been developed, including a
1.2-million-square-foot warehouse and distribution center operated by Kmart, and
the Adams County courthouse now under construction.

Bramble said an additional 300 acres of industrial development in Bromley Park
is important to Brighton because it will provide jobs to local residents.

He said residents and city officials are hoping to enjoy the increased tax base
brought by development without destroying Brighton's character.

"We've got a nice, rural agrarian feel in this community," Bramble said. "It's
part of our heritage and we want to hang on to it."

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: The Denver Post/John Prieto Robert Lembke heads the development
of Bromley Park.  The 1,500-acre residential and commercial development will
more than double the population of Brighton. The new Adams County Justice Center
is in the background.  The Denver Post Bromley Park begins (map)

                        Copyright 1997 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             800 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Times of India (Electronic Edition)

                             October 9, 2015 Friday
                               Bangalore Edition

Rates will come down further: HDFC's Puri

BYLINE: Mayur Shetty & Shubham Mukherjee

SECTION: TIMES BUSINESS

LENGTH: 369 words


As online retailers gear up for mega sales over the next few weeks, HDFC Bank
-which accounts for 40% of e-commerce transactions nationally -is preparing for
a festival bonanza of its own. The bank is preparing to take on the disruptors
in their own space as part of a larger digital strategy. In an interview to TOI,
HDFC Bank MD Aditya Puri said the new digital strategy would change the face of
banking. Excerpts:

Why have banks not yet transmitted the rate cuts made by the RBI entirely?

We were the first to bring down rates and we will continue to be responsive. I
do see interest rates coming down further. However, oneto-one matching cannot
happen. The rate cut and reduction of deposit rates are for incremental deposits
-the old deposits, which account for 90% of deposits, still carry old interest
rates.

How are you responding to the disruption in the banking space due to

technology and entry of payments banks and small banks?

There is a blurring of competition. If you look at the disruptors, none of them
are talking about a new bank.Whether it is Apple Pay or digital wallets, they
are all talking of using the banks' systems, credit cards and merchant. All they
are doing is using the phone to enable payments in one click. So, we used
technology to offer loans in 10 seconds. We are offering car loans where every
element of the purchase -right from choice of make, dealer and colour -can be
made in our branch and the loan delivered to the dealer through a one-time code
texted to the borrower. Our PayZapp application incorporates a marketplace

which gives a discount to the buyer over and above what is offered by e-commerce
companies. When I put them on my site, I am bringing a 32million customer base.
But instead of charging distribution fees, I'm asking them to pass on the
discounts to my customers.

How do you see the pickup of digital in rural? When do you think we will see the
end of moneylenders?

The mobile commerce pickup in semi urban and rural India is 70% more than urban
India as they do not have the same access to physical outlets. In fact, in
Kashmir, our customers use the branch address to receive delivery of
purchases.For the full interview, log on to http://www.timesofindia.com

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             801 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                             April 24, 2009 Friday
                                   C1 Edition

Government's housing-rescue plan boils down to two programs

SECTION: REAL ESTATE; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 736 words


Q. I have heard a lot about the federal government's plan to help homeowners who
are struggling to meet their payments. What are the details? How can I find out
if I qualify?

A. There are lots of technicalities in the plan that was recently approved by
Congress and signed into law by President Barack Obama, but it basically boils
down to two types of help: a special refinancing program and a more complete
loan-modification plan.

The government estimates that up to 9 million homeowners qualify for one program
or the other.

To be eligible for the special refinancing program, a homeowner must have at
least a 20 percent equity stake in their property and have not missed a payment
in the past 12 months. For those who qualify, the government will back loans for
banks to refinance the property at today's lower rates. The catch is that the
loan must be owned by the Federal National Mortgage Association (commonly called
"Fannie Mae") or the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. (Freddie Mac).

Fannie and Freddie buy about half the loans that banks issue, so either agency
might own your loan even if you write your monthly check to the bank that
originally gave you the mortgage or a loan-service company that processes your
payments. Call the bank's customer-service department to find out if your loan
is owned by Fannie or Freddie. If it is, you're probably eligible for the
refinancing package.

The new loan-modification program works differently. It provides government
incentives to banks to lower the interest rates they charge to borrowers to as
little as 2 percent and stretch their loan-repayment schedule to 40 years,
either of which could save homeowners hundreds or even thousands of dollars each
month. The program is not available to those who owe more than $729,750 to their
bank, and most financially troubled borrowers qualify because they owe less.

Again, contact your lender's customer-service department for details about the
new programs. Also go to the government's Web site,
www.MakingHomeAffordable.gov, which includes a tool that can help you determine
if you qualify for either program.

Q. We are both 65 years old, and have started looking for a retirement home in
different rural communities. Many of the properties have two, three or even four
"for sale" signs from different brokerage firms. Where we currently live, homes
are listed by only one company. What gives?

A. It sounds as if the rural communities that you're visiting use "open
listings" rather than the exclusive-right-to-sell agreements that are common in
most urban areas.

City-dwellers who want to sell their home typically sign an exclusive
right-to-sell agreement, which guarantees the real estate agent a commission
even if the seller finds a buyer on their own. But open listings are common in
many rural areas, especially in parts of the nation where there is no Multiple
Listing Service to widely advertise properties that are for sale.

An open listing allows a seller to list with several different agents or
brokerages, and pay only the broker who is able to produce a buyer who can close
the deal. The commission that's owed by the seller under an open listing is
usually about half that owed under an exclusive-right-to-sell agreement, because
the seller is actually paying the broker to represent the buyer only. However,
if the seller finds the buyer on his or her own, no commission is owed at all.

Q. What does the term "NNN" mean?

A. "NNN" is realty shorthand for a triple-net lease, usually involving a
business property. The NNN stands for "net-net-net," which means the tenant not
only pays the monthly rent, but (unlike many other business leases) also must
pay for all of the store or office's share of most other expenses -- from the
project's utilities and insurance, to janitorial services and other costs. So,
in other words, nearly all of the money that the landlord collects is net profit
that goes straight to the bottom line.

Q. I was interested in the recent column you wrote about living trusts. My
question is, if I create the type of living trust that you suggest, who would I
name as the trustee?

A. The trustee is the person who will manage and control the trust's home and
other property while you are alive. Assuming that you want to control it as long
as you're capable, you should name yourself as the trustee or both you and your
spouse as co-trustees.

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                             802 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                               December 15, 1997

Fannie Modifies Reservation Pilot

BYLINE: BY MARK FOGARTY

SECTION: AFFORDABLE HOUSING; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 629 words

DATELINE: Dallas


Fannie Mae has modified its pilot program for conventional reservation mortgages
to make it easier for Navajo applicants to qualify, and hopes to close loans
under the program during the first six months of next year.

Mark Vanderlinden, housing impact specialist for the Fannie Mae office here,
said the program will be modified along Community Home Buyer Program standards
so that a borrower will be able to put up 3% down and have 2% come from a gift,
or loan from a nonprofit.

A reservation nonprofit, the Navajo Partnership for Housing, has been educating
potential homebuyers on the reservation and has downpayment assistance available
for them.  The original terms of the pilot, which has seen no loans close after
18 months of existence, were for a straight 5% downpayment from the borrower.

A second change in the works is the expansion of loan products to include
manufactured housing on a permanent foundation.  Since much of the existing
housing stock on the Navajo Nation consists of trailers, this market may
represent "millions and millions" of dollars in potential loans, Mr.
Vanderlinden said.

Navajos will be able to achieve "significant reductions in interest rates" by
refinancing into mortgage loans on existing stock, Mr. Vanderlinden said.
Interim financing to make trailers permanent can also be refinanced.  A tribal
legal question needs to be cleared up first, but the official is "optimistic"
manufactured homes, new and existing, can be added to the pilot.

The Navajo pilot lenders are Norwest Mortgage, Zions Mortgage of Utah, and
Suburban Mortgage of Albuquerque, N.M., which is working through a
correspondent, First National Bank of Farmington, N.M.  The Navajo is the
nation's largest reservation, sprawling across Arizona, New Mexico and Utah.

The pilot is an historic one since no one has ever closed a private mortgage on
tribal trust land.  In recent years, a Housing and Urban Development section 184
loan has been made on trust land, but that is government-guaranteed.

The HUD 184 has been a success on reservations around the country since it has a
construction facility built into it, and many reservations lack existing housing
stock and must build up from ground zero.

To date, a handful of HUD 184s have been made on the Navajo.  Fannie Mae will
buy those loans as well as any made through the conventional pilot.  According
to Mr. Vanderlinden, Norwest may convert a pending 184 to a conventional
mortgage, if it would benefit the homeowner involved.  The modifications were
hammered out with input from the Navajo Partnership for Housing, which has
raised more than $ 1.25 million to date and has graduated 29 households from its
16-hour program, with 56 more in a pipeline.

Four of those have gotten loan approvals from lenders in the NPH program
(Norwest, Zions, First National, Banc One, and Gallup (NM) Federal Savings), but
no loans have closed, according to Steve Barbier, field service officer at
Neighborhood Reinvestment Corp., Denver.  Five or six more Navajo applicants are
very close to loan approvals, he said.

Mr. Barbier's group has given funding and technical support to the NPH, and he
maintains a close link to the group.

Mr. Vanderlinden, who is on the board of NPH, described the bottleneck to loan
closings as things like home site lease and archaeological review at the tribal
level.

Mr. Barbier described the various sources of NPH's funding.  They include $
150,000 from the Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco, $ 225,000 from the
Federal Home Loan Bank of Dallas, $ 189,500 from the New Mexico HOME program, $
150,000 from the HUD Self Help Program, $ 50,000 from the NRC, and $ 25,000 from
the Housing Assistance Council to promote the programs of the Rural Housing
Service.

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 1997 Faulkner & Gray


                             803 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            South China Morning Post

                          September 11, 2013 Wednesday

Developer confidence spurs sales growth

BYLINE: Yvonne Liu yvonne.liu@scmp.com

SECTION: PROPERTY; Pg. 02

LENGTH: 309 words


Aggressive bidding for land by developers buoyed confidence in the mainland
property market and led to strong property sales in major cities in the first
week of September.

Data from the China Index Academy showed more than 60 per cent of the 41 major
cities on the mainland posted growth in weekly property sales for the period
September 2 to 8. The surge was led by Wenzhou, where sales were up by 150 per
cent on the same week last year.

Dickson Wong Hung, chief executive at Centaline (China) for northern and
southwestern China, said September and October were traditionally peak sales
months.

"A number of sites sold at high prices, [which] also encouraged people to buy
flats. Many flat owners in Beijing's urban areas raised their asking prices for
their flats after the land sales."

Alan Chiang Sheung-lai, head of residential at DTZ Greater China, said
developers had bid aggressively. Sun Hung Kai Properties, he noted, bought a
site in Shanghai for 21.77 billion yuan (HK$27.37 billion) last week.

"Including their potential construction costs, the company will have to spend
about 30 billion yuan on this project. That's a large amount, and the confidence
it showed encourages people to buy flats."

Buyers were also tempted back into the market because mortgage rates were still
at a low level, Chiang added.

However, it remained to be seen if the strong property sales would be maintained
with fewer new projects available for release in the next few months.

Ten new projects with more than 1,500 flats were released for sale in Shanghai
at the weekend, according to property website Sina House, and nearly 80 per cent
of the flats were sold.

Data from the Beijing Municipal Commission of Housing and Urban-Rural
Development showed 2,286 secondhand flats changed hands in the first week of
September, up 18 per cent on the same period last month.

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 South China Morning Post Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             804 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Lowell Sun (Massachusetts)

                              June 25, 2012 Monday

Voters weigh in on land purchase

BYLINE: By Hiroko Sato, hsato@lowellsun.com

SECTION: TODAY'S HEADLINES

LENGTH: 579 words


DUNSTABLE -- Kenneth Leva calls the intersection of Route 113 and Lowell Street
the gateway to Dunstable.

Marked by the historic McGovern Farm and its pasture with cattle roaming, the
street sets the tone for the town that has taken pride in its rural characters.
And, some residents have long believed the town should acquire the forested
private land across from the farm, if it ever becomes available, to preserve it
for good, said Leva, the chairman of the Board of Selectmen.

The opportunity to do just that has arrived. The family who has owned the land
is ready to sell it. And it could become a town property at half the price it
used to be, thanks to the depressed real-estate market, Leva said.

Now, the town only needs residents' consent. And, they will have the chance to
approve it or reject it at Special Town Meeting scheduled for Tuesday.

Selectmen are proposing to buy 12 acres that expand between Route 113 and Lowell
Street for $649,000. The actual price of the land is $699,999. But some
donations, including $25,000 from the Dunstable Rural Land Trust and the use of
$15,000 from the Town Forest account called the Conservation Timber Fund, are
expected to reduce the cost to $649,000, Leva said.

Selectmen intend to borrow about $200,000 through a state program at an interest
rate of 0.9 percent, while paying for the rest of it with the money in the
town's Community Preservation Act fund. The fund comes from the 3 percent tax
surcharge that all local homeowners pay toward the preservation of open space
and historic buildings, a promotion of affordable housing and recreational
amenities. Dunstable collects about $100,000 annually in the tax surcharge, and
the state has also matched the surcharge at the rate exceeding 60 percent each
year, according to Community Preservation Committee member Susan Psaledakis.

The town CPA account currently has $303,000 in general funds, $62,000 separately
set aside for open-space preservation, $114,000 for historic preservation and
$155,000 for affordable housing and recreation.

Owned by the Best family, the land is comprised of five parcels. Selectmen plan
to preserve the two parcels closer to the intersection of Route 113 and Lowell
Street as open space and "land bank" the other three lots for a potential future
town project that could range from housing to recreational use, Leva said.

The proposal to acquire the land was first presented to the Community
Preservation Committee by Conservation Commissioner Alan Chaney and Bob Kennedy
of the Dunstable Rural Land Trust. The Community Preservation Committee then
recommended the acquisition to the Board of Selectmen, who decided to let
residents make a decision on it at Special Town Meeting.

Chaney said the town's Master Plan call for the town's efforts to preserve the
scenic landscapes along Route 113, and that is based on several community
surveys that have been conducted since 1974.

"The idea (of preserving the land) was something that came from the public over
many years," Chaney said.

Psaledakis also said she hopes the town will be able to preserve the land in the
scenic section of the town.

Leva said selectmen consulted with the town accountant and some departments and
did "homework" to make sure the acquisition that would require a 10-year-loan
would make sense.

The board then concluded that "it was advantageous to move forward to borrow the
money," Leva said.

Special Town Meeting will start at 7 p.m. at the Swallow Union Elementary
School.

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Walking the 12-acre plot of open land along the scenic area of Route
113 in Dunstable are Robert Kennedy, left, of Dunstable Rural Land Trust, and
local farmer Kevin McGovern. SUN / DAVID H. BROW Sun staff photos can be ordered
by visiting our MyCapture site.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             805 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                             March 10, 2006 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Taxi fares well with funding

BYLINE: Margaret Jackson Denver Post Staff Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C-02

LENGTH: 249 words


Developer Mickey Zeppelin's $16 million urban-renewal project north of downtown
got a funding boost Thursday.

Taxi, located on 15 acres adjacent to the South Platte River at 3455 Ringsby
Court, received a $2 million federal grant and a $6 million federal loan.

The former Yellow Cab headquarters and dispatch center - which was once a
landfill - is being transformed into a new work-live community. Zeppelin already
has redeveloped the Yellow Cab building into office space. The grant and loan
will be used for a new 100,000-square-foot building that will include housing,
offices and retail space.

"We are creating jobs and taking an area that was, at best, an industrial use
and remediating the environmental condition," Zeppelin said.

Zeppelin's project was one of 11 nationally to receive the funding through the
Brownfields Economic Development Initiative of the U.S. Department of Housing
and Urban Development. It beat out Cherokee Denver LLC's redevelopment of the
former Gates Rubber plant. Cherokee received grants for two other projects
elsewhere.

"This is nice because it's a small project. It's bringing jobs to an area of the
city that's economically had some hard times," said Stacey Eriksen, an
Environmental Protection Agency employee who is on loan to the city of Denver.
"I think it's really going to have a domino effect. The area is poised to have a
lot of really interesting things happen."

Staff writer Margaret Jackson can be reached at 303-820-1473 or mjackson@
denverpost.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2006 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             806 of 1000 DOCUMENTS




                                  Guardian.com

                                  May 4, 2005

Is Labour the party of property?

LENGTH: 882 words



HIGHLIGHT: Tony Blair yesterday said that a new Labour government would help a
million more people onto the property ladder. We asked industry experts what
they thought of Labour's plans and what they would like to see the next
government do to increase home ownership.


Tony Blair yesterday said that a new Labour government would help a million more
people onto the property ladder through shared ownership schemes and plans to
build homes on public land. He also unveiled a "mortgage wheel" showing how
mortgage rates had dropped since he came to power.

But has Labour really served the country well on property so far? And, if
elected, would the party's plans help first-time buyers? We asked industry
experts what they thought of Labour's plans and what they would like to see the
next government do to increase home ownership.

Royal Institute of Chartered Surveyors

Rics welcomed Labour's announcements on house building, but warned that this had
to happen in areas where homes were most needed, with a well planned
infrastructure.

The organisation is also calling on the next government to address the issue of
homes for key workers such as teachers and nurses, who are currently priced out
of their communities.

"At the moment, we've got Metropolitan police officers travelling in from
Oxford, and as higher house prices have rippled out to market towns and rural
areas, key workers are wondering if they can afford to live in the area in which
they work," said William Tew, Rics' head of property policy.

"Labour plans to clear contaminated land will help to free up sites," he said.
"But they must be where housing is needed. A new Thames Gateway development, for
instance, isn't going to help nurses in Kingston; building homes in Kingston
will."

Mr Tew said that Labour's announcements yesterday made the affordable homes
target more realistic. "We broadly welcome the proposals. The target for £60,000
homes now excludes a number of issues, such as the cost of the land on which
properties will be built, and the infrastructure, which, as I understand it,
will be borne by the public purse."

But he said that any new developments would have to take into account the wider
infrastructure of the areas around them, in terms of hospitals, schools, and
public transport, as well as flood planning management.

The National Association of Estate Agents

Less than one in five estate agents believe that the present government has
helped the housing market over recent years, and 45% believe that Labour
leadership has actually hindered the market, according to the NAEA's research.

Some 78% of estate agents believe that further increases to the stamp duty
threshold (increased to £120,000 in March's budget) would improve the housing
market. There has been more activity from first-time buyers since the stamp duty
threshold rose to £120,000, the NAEA says, and it is widely believed among
agents that further increases are needed across all the thresholds to bring the
tax fully up to date.

Compulsory home sellers' packs - set to be introduced in 2007 - are unpopular
with agents, and both the Conservatives and Liberal Democrats have pledged to
scrap them. The body's research shows that two-thirds of estate agents say that
licensing of the profession is a priority, and the NAEA is campaigning for an
effective regulatory scheme with powers to stop rogue agents from continuing to
practise.

"These results reflect the feelings of some 10,000 estate agents across the
country. The political parties should not ignore the strength of feeling on some
of these aspects, and the extent of change they could bring about to the
thousands of people buying or selling a home each year," said Peter Bolton King,
chief executive of the NAEA.

"Whatever the outcome of the election, the NAEA will continue to lobby the
government on licensing, home information packs, stamp duty and the other issues
which have the potential to seriously affect the housing market and the British
public."

FirstRungNow.com

The property website welcomed Labour's plans to increase shared equity schemes,
and claimed that many visitors to the site were planning to vote Labour, in
spite of Tory plans to abolish the lowest band of stamp duty.

"I've been hearing from aspiring first time buyers over the last few days and
they are definitely giving the Labour party their backing," said Helen Adams,
director of the site's first-time buyer advice centre.

"They believe that the Labour party will do more for them and that Labour is
more likely to maintain a more stable economy and will deliver more in terms of
shared ownership schemes."

Ms Adams said that shared ownership schemes were gaining in popularity, with 79%
of visitors to the site asking about the schemes. "Co-ownership, whether it be
buying with a friend or a housing association has become the way to buy a first
home.

"We get enquiries about shared-ownership from key workers who have access to
government schemes, but we also get lots of enquires from young executives who
don't qualify for key worker schemes."

She said that while plans to allocate more public land for building were
positive, it was important that the land chosen was safe land, and not, for
example, prone to flooding. Ms Adams also said that FirstRungNow.com would like
to see stamp duty abolished for first-time buyers and measures taken to keep
typical first homes on the market for private buyers.

"We would like to see a 'supertax' on landlords who buy one and two-bedroom
properties, as we think they should be discouraged in favour of first-time
buyers," she said.

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright  2005  Guardian Unlimited.Guardian Newspapers Limited
                              All rights reserved


                             807 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Las Cruces Sun-News (New Mexico)

                             October 5, 2015 Monday
                                   1 Edition

MFA adds to assistance program

BYLINE: By, Gary Sandler

SECTION: Z; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 643 words


"Next HOME allows move-up buyers with annual incomes up to $75,000 to buy a home
with a sales price of up to $350,000..."

Teri Baca

MFA Homeownership Representative

LAS CRUCES - Thanks to some very creative thinking on the part of the New Mexico
Mortgage Finance Authority's (MFA's) leadership team, MFA rolled out on October
1st a new program that expands down payment and closing cost assistance to
include buyers who already own a home.

The program, called Next HOME, is designed to assist current home owners who
want to move up, as well as first-time buyers who don't meet the 3-year
requirement . According to Teri Baca, MFA Homeownership Representative, "Next
HOME allows move-up buyers with annual incomes up to $75,000 to buy a home with
a sales price of up to $350,000 anywhere in New Mexico". Baca goes on to say,
"If a buyer would rather retain the proceeds from the sale of their existing
home rather than using them towards their next purchase, they may, since the
required minimum investment from the borrower's own funds is only $500".

Current home owners who desire to convert their existing homes into rental
properties, rather than sell them, are also eligible to purchase a replacement
property under the Next HOME program. Next HOME is a combination first-mortgage
loan and down payment assistance grant. The grant, equal to 3 percenet of the
loan amount, does not have to be repaid and may be applied to down payment,
closing costs, and reserves for taxes and insurance.

Traditional first-time buyers, defined as buyers who have never before owned a
home or not lived in a home (such as a rental property) that they owned for at
least three years prior to purchase, can receive assistance through MFA's First
HOME program. The program provides a 30-year, fixed rate mortgage in the 4
percent range.

VA and USDA Rural Housing loans both require zero down payment; whereas FHA
requires 3.5 percent down and HFA Preferred (conventional) requires 3 percent
down. MFA's goal is to keep interest rates as competitive as possible in order
to enhance affordability. For buyers who need help with down payment and closing
costs, First HOME may be paired with First DOWN.

First DOWN is a 2nd mortgage loan of up to $8,000 that provides an affordable
way for first-time buyers to cover their down payment and closing cost
requirements. First DOWN offers a 30-year repayment term and a fixed annual
interest rate of 6 percent. The First HOME and First DOWN programs may be used
to finance single-family residences which include detached site-built homes,
townhomes, approved condominiums and permanently attached doublewide
manufactured homes.

Buyers must invest at least $500 of their own funds, none of which can be
derived from a gift or loan. MFA requires a minimum credit score of 620, however
in some cases, a borrower with no credit score may still be able to qualify by
using alternative credit. Household income limits for first-timers purchasing in
the Las Cruces Metropolitan Statistical Area (MSA) are currently set at $58,080
for 1-2 persons and $67,760 for three or more. The total sales price of the home
may not exceed $258,691.

As with all MFA programs, down payment assistance loans and grants can only be
used for the purchase of home which will be owner-occupied. Funds cannot be used
to refinance an existing loan or purchase a rental property. These terrific new
benefits are as real as they come and only accessible through MFA approved
lenders, a list of which is available at
http://www.housingnm.org/homebuyers/find-a-participating-lender.

See you at closing!

Gary Sandler is the owner of Gary Sandler Inc., Realtors in Las Cruces and can
be reached at  Gary@GarySandler.com

"Next HOME allows move-up buyers with annual incomes up to $75,000 to buy a home
with a sales price of up to $350,000..."

Teri Baca

MFA Homeownership Representative

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: lru


                       Copyright 2015 Las Cruces Sun-News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             808 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 23, 2013 Monday

Notice of Intent To Review Online Homeownership Education Courses for Nationwide
Use in the Single Family Housing Section 502 Direct Loan Program

LENGTH: 965  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:


Action

Notice.
Summary

Effective on May 7, 2007, first-time homebuyers financed under the direct loan
program must successfully complete an approved homeownership education course
prior to loan closing. 7 CFR Part 3550.11 outlines the order of preference given
to courses. First preference is given to classroom, one-on-one counseling, or
interactive video conference. These formats are generally extensive and require
a significant time and participation commitment from the Agency applicants.
Second preference is given to interactive home-study or interactive telephone
counseling of at least four hours duration. These formats may only be used if
the formats under the first preference are not reasonably available. Third
preference, which can only be used if all other formats are not reasonably
available, is given to online counseling. It also outlines the requirements an
education provider and their course must meet in order to be approved for use by
Agency applicants.

While approval is generally made by the Agency at the state level, there is
currently one nationally approved online education provider. To expand the
Agency applicants' access to and options of approved education providers, the
Agency will consider approving other online education providers on a national
level. Approval will be subject to meeting course criteria, a recommendation by
the Agency-selected panel of housing partners, and signoff by the Administrator.
Approval will be given as a third preference format unless the education
provider is able to demonstrate and document how their online course along with
a required supplemented service provides the same level of training and
individualized attention as a first or second preference.

A notice of education providers approved through this process will be issued via
a memorandum to the Rural Development (RD) state offices. The memorandum will
list the format preference assigned to each provider. A copy of the memorandum
will be simultaneously emailed to all education providers who applied through
this notice.

Approvals are not subject to expiration. However, an approval may be revoked for
justifiable cause.

Table of Contents Back to Top

DATES:
    FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT:
    Non-Discrimination Statement
    SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:

DATES: Back to Top

Online homeownership education providers interested in having their courses
reviewed should submit a complete package to the Single Family Housing Direct
Division within 30 days of this notice. Submissions may be sent electronically
to SFHDIRECTPROGRAM@wdc.usda.gov or by mail to 1400 Independence Avenue, Stop
0783, Washington, DC 20250-0783.
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Back to Top

Shantelle Gordon, shantelle.gordon@wdc.usda.gov or (202) 205-9567.
Non-Discrimination Statement Back to Top

USDA prohibits discrimination in all its programs and activities on the basis of
race, color, national origin, age, disability, and where applicable, sex,
marital status, familial status, parental status, religion, sexual orientation,
political beliefs, genetic information, reprisal, or because all or part of an
individual's income is derived from any public assistance program. (Not all
prohibited bases apply to all programs.)

To file a complaint of discrimination, complete, sign and mail a program
discrimination complaint form, (available at any USDA office location or online
at www.ascr.usda.gov, or write to: U.S. Department of Agriculture, Office of the
Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., STOP 9410,
Washington, DC 20250-9410.

Or call toll-free (866) 632-9992 (voice) to obtain additional information, the
appropriate office or to request documents. Individuals who are deaf, hard of
hearing or have speech disabilities may contact USDA through the Federal Relay
Service at (800) 877-8339 or (877) 845-6136 (in Spanish). "USDA is an equal
opportunity provider, employer and lender."

Persons with disabilities who require alternative means for communication of
program information (e.g. Brail, large print, audiotape, etc.) should contact
USDA TARTET Center at (202) 720-2600 (voice and TDD).
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Back to Top

At a minimum, courses submitted for consideration must contain the following
content:

Preparing for homeownership (evaluate readiness to go from rental to
homeownership)
    Budgeting (pre and post purchase)
    Credit counseling
    Shopping for a home
    Lender differences (predatory lending)
    Obtaining a mortgage (mortgage process, different types of mortgages)
    Loan closing (closing process, documentation, closing costs)
    Post-occupancy counseling (delinquency and foreclosure prevention)
    Life as a homeowner (homeowner warranties, maintenance, and repairs)

The Agency-selected panel will base their recommendation on the following
considerations:

Certificate of completion
    Fee(must be nominal)
    Duration
    Topics covered
    System features (chat function, bookmarks, start-stop, audio, etc.)
    Readability (level of complexity in language used)
    User Friendliness
    Bi-lingual Spanish
    Multi-lingual
    Pre/Post assessment of knowledge
    Attractiveness of site/course

Submission packages should include course background, copy of certificate of
completion, price sheet, and contact information (name, phone number, and email
address).

If an education provider wishes to be considered as a first or second format
preference, they must express which one in their submission package, provide
strong written justification, and supporting materials.

Dated: September 12, 2013.

Richard A. Davis,

Acting Administrator, Rural Housing Service.

For more information please visit: https://www.federalregister.gov/

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             809 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                        June 10, 1994 Friday 2D EDITION

Denver vies for mega-bucks Empowerment zone would get tax incentives, federal
grants

BYLINE: Renate Robey, Denver Post Staff Writer

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. B-02

LENGTH: 624 words


DENVER - The city of Denver is in a fierce national competition to get up to $
100 million in tax incentives and grants for social programs and economic
development over the next decade.

Denver is trying become the site of an empowerment zone under a program created
by President Clinton. It would mean the city would get federal tax incentives,
employment credits and "one-stop shopping" for other federal loans and grants.
If designated, the city would get priority for receiving up to $ 100 million
that could be used for programs like drug and alcohol abuse prevention and
treatment, employment training, improvement of public facilities and economic
development.

Nine empowerment zones will be chosen nationally, six in urban areas and three
in rural areas. Hundreds of cities are applying.

"The competition is really fierce," said Tony Hernandez, regional director of
the Department of Housing and Urban Development. He estimated Denver has about a
50-50 chance.

However, Hernandez said Denver has a better chance at being named an enterprise
zone, which could bring up to $ 3 million over 10 years. HUD will select 65
urban enterprise zones, and the Department of Agriculture will pick 30 rural
enterprise zones.

"I think it's a slim chance, but I'm optimistic," said Councilwoman Ramona
Martinez. "I think there's a feeling that Denver isn't quite as critical as some
other cities."

City officials, with the help of neighborhood groups, private nonprofit
organizations and others, are spending about $ 150,000 of grant money and
in-kind donations to complete the application, which is due June 30.

Groups in the San Luis Valley and Lower Arkansas Valley may apply for rural
empowerment zone status, which could bring up to $ 40 million over 10 years.

Some preliminary proposals for the Denver zone include expanding health clinics
at high schools, increasing Head Start programs, installing alley lighting in
high-crime neighborhoods, establishing more job training programs, and helping a
community development corporation in the Globeville area.

To qualify for an empowerment zone, an area can't be larger than 20 square
miles, or have more than 50,000 people. Such areas are supposed to have
"pervasive poverty, unemployment and general distress." Denver's application
targets an area of 13.8 square miles, has 49,900 people, and includes some of
the poorest areas of northeast and northwest Denver.

Denver's application also includes Lowry Air Force Base in the proposed zone,
which is allowed as an exception because the area has a negligible population
but is ripe for economic development. The base closes this fall.

Some neighbors of Lowry have questioned including the base in the zone. "In my
opinion, the best way to redevelop Lowry Air Force Base is not to declare the
area blighted and link it up with other areas that are blighted," said Tom
Hames, president of the Historic Montclair Community Association.

Local officials want to use the money for streets and utility improvements that
will make it easier to redevelop the base, at a cost of $ 60 million. They do
not intend to use any federal money for social programs. But Hames said, "I'm
worried that the federal money will come with strings attached."

Others have applauded the program. "Lord knows we can use the money," said
Claudia Abernethy, president of the Clayton Neighborhood Organization.

Her neighborhood is excited about the program because it would give local groups
a say on how the money will be spent, Abernethy said. "We intend to take our
neighborhood back. We don't want social programs. We don't want charity. We want
recreation programs, how-to programs, job training, and we want economic
development above all else."

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 1994 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             810 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                              May 29, 2009 Friday

Tax credits could help Brattleboro

BYLINE: By BOB AUDETTE, Reformer Staff

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 671 words


BRATTLEBORO -- Tax credits are coming to economically distressed communities in
Vermont to spur economic growth and increase their stocks of affordable housing.

As part of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act, $30 million in tax
credits will soon be available for economic development projects in Vermont that
primarily benefit low-income Americans.

"Projects need to be located in areas with economic distress as defined by the
United States Census and verified by the Department of the Treasury," stated
David Carle, spokesman for Sen. Patrick Leahy, D-Vt., in an e-mail to the
Reformer.

Economically distressed communities can be found in Windham and Bennington
counties, as well as Grand Isle, Franklin, Orleans, Essex, Caledonia, Chittenden
and Rutland counties.

An economically distressed neighborhood is defined as an area where there is a
poverty rate of at least 20 percent or where the median family income is below
80 percent of the area median family income.

According to Housing Vermont, Brattleboro is the only Windham County town with
an economically distressed neighborhood, which is bounded by its southern town
border, Guilford Street on the west, Western Avenue on the north and the
Connecticut River on the east. Much of downtown is not included in the
economically distressed area.

The $30 million in tax credits will flow through Rural Ventures Vermont, a
partnership of Housing Vermont, the Vermont Economic Development Authority, the
Vermont Housing Finance Agency and the Vermont Community Loan Fund, which will
determine whether applicants are eligible for funds, said Nancy Owens, president
of Housing Vermont.

"The New Market Tax Credit program will give us tremendous new resources to help
communities meet their economic development and related affordable housing
needs," stated Owens, in a press release announcing the funds. "Private equity
raised by the program will help close the affordability gap on critical local
projects."

The New Market Tax Credit Program, created in 2000, offers incentives to private
investors by offering them 39 percent of their investments back as a federal tax
credit, according to a press release from Vermont's federal delegation
announcing the release of the funds.

"As a result, the developer can pay investors below-market interest rates,
resulting in the equivalent of a federal grant to help buy down the developer's
borrowing costs," stated the press release.

Even though the tax credits can be used for mixed-use projects, they can only be
applied to the commercial side of the development and not the housing aspect.

Vermont Rural Ventures had identified projects in its 2008 application as
examples of projects it will complete, but that application was turned down due
to lack of funding.

The stimulus package included $3 billion to meet the needs of unfunded 2008 tax
credit applications and an anticipated high number of 2009 applications.

Leahy worked to ensure that the new ARRA funding would allow funding of the 2008
Vermont application.

"These tax credits will leverage private investment dollars that are sorely
needed by several Vermont communities," stated Leahy in the press release. "The
program will take root immediately, putting Vermonters to work at construction
sites, creating housing for vulnerable Vermonters and laying the groundwork for
long-term economic growth."

Vermont Rural Ventures expects that the tax credits will help pay for six to 12
housing and economic development projects statewide.

Locally, Windham Housing Trust has not been involved in the New Market Tax
Credit program in the past, said Connie Snow, executive director, but it will
research whether any of its ongoing or future projects qualify.

"The tax credits could be used for mixed-use housing projects if they have some
sort of commercial component to them," said Connie Snow, executive director of
the Windham Housing Trust, formerly known as the Brattleboro Area Community Land
Trust.

Bob Audette can be reached at raudette@reformer.com, or 802-254-2311, ext. 273.

LOAD-DATE: May 31, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2009 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             811 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              DAILY MAIL (London)

                            March 28, 2013 Thursday

HOMES THREAT TO GREEN FIELDS AS URBAN SITES ARE NEGLECTED'

BYLINE: BY STEVE DOUGHTY SOCIAL AFFAIRS CORRESPONDENT

LENGTH: 481 words


DEVELOPERS are building homes on green fields rather than on derelict sites in
towns and cities because of new Government planning rules, a report said
yesterday.

It said that the Whitehall push for a construction boom is overriding concerns
that brownfield' sites should be used first.

The report from the National Trust and a local government think-tank said
developers are successfully arguing that they can only build on green fields by
claiming that brownfield projects would lose money.

The claim by the charity and the Local Government Information Unit, a body
largely funded by local councils, adds to the pressure on ministers over the new
planning rules, brought in a year ago amid a wave of criticism.

Opponents say the rules will lead to building over large areas of countryside
against the wishes of those living in the suburban and rural areas.

Ministers are anxious to provide more and cheaper homes for a fast-rising
population have told councils to produce local plans which include room for
large-scale housing projects.

Their rules also say planning decisions should be biased in favour of
sustainable' development, a rule which conservationists say simply means the
planning system will be skewed in favour of builders.

Developers claim the new system led to a 45 per cent increase in the number of
projects given the go-ahead last autumn. Chancellor George Osborne added to the
new homes push in the Budget by offering interest free state loans for five
years to those who buy new houses or flats. The loans will be worth 20 per cent
of the value of homes costing up to £600,000.

Yesterday's report said the National Planning Policy Framework is tipping the
scales against brownfield development because it requires councils to produce
local plans including housebuilding that can be completed inside five years.

This means that 400,000 sites across the country which already have planning
permission for homes are unlikely to be included in development plans because
builders say it will be too expensive to start construction inside five years.

Brownfield sites are more expensive than virgin land because they need to be
cleared and cleaned.

The fact that greenfield sites are more profitable to develop than brownfield
sites, and therefore more viable, is forcing councils to propose development of
these sites,' the report said.

Peter Nixon of the National Trust, said: We are very concerned that the
principal of "brownfield first" is being eroded as the new plans emerge.

Our research suggests a growing number of greenfield sites are being prioritised
for development with developers arguing that brownfield sites - many of which
already have planning permission for construction - are now unprofitable to
build on.'

Communities Secretary Eric Pickles has insisted we are making the most of every
single square inch of brownfield land.'

s.doughty@dailymail.co.uk

© Daily Mail

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Papers


                   Copyright 2013 Associated Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             812 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 31, 2014 Saturday

Agriculture, Rural Housing Service: Loan Specialist (Supervisory) (BP Southern
District Director) IN-2014-007B

LENGTH: 2738  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of Personnel Management has issued the following job announcement:

Job Title:Loan Specialist (Supervisory) (BP Southern District Director)

Department:Department Of Agriculture

Agency:Agriculture, Rural Housing Service

Job Announcement Number:IN-2014-007B
SALARY RANGE:
 $82,642.00 to $107,923.00 / Per Year
OPEN PERIOD:
 Friday, May 30, 2014 to Friday, June 06, 2014
SERIES & GRADE:
 GS-1165-13
POSITION INFORMATION:
 Full-Time - Permanent
PROMOTION POTENTIAL:
13
DUTY LOCATIONS:
 1 vacancy in the following location(s):
Bloomfield, IN View Map
Indianapolis, IN View Map
Jasper, IN View Map
North Vernon, IN View Map
WHO MAY APPLY:
 Current permanent Indiana Rural Development employees with competitive status,
reinstatement eligibles, persons with disabilities, VEOA/VRA eligibles, certain
military spouses, 30% or more disabled veterans, former Peace Corps or VISTA
volunteers, CTAP/ICTAP eligibles, Special Hiring Authorities.
SECURITY CLEARANCE:
 Q - Nonsensitive
SUPERVISORY STATUS:
 Yes
JOB SUMMARY:

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural Development Agency serves rural
communities throughout the country by investing in their communities through
housing and utility infrastructure, by increasing economic opportunity, and by
improving the quality of life for all rural Americans.  Rural Development
provides over 40 loan and grant programs in the Rural Housing and Community
Facilities Services, Rural Business and Cooperative Services, and Rural
Utilities Service. Rural Development supports a positive work environment and
promotes diversity and inclusion for nearly 5,000 employees.

Rural Development is a dynamic organization recruiting for employees who possess
the energy, compassion, and commitment to serve those in rural communities and
will enjoy working in a fast paced and results driven organization.  Our
commitment is to expand economic opportunity and quality of life in all of rural
America by providing financial programs to support essential public facilities
and services such as water and sewer systems, housing, health clinics, emergency
service facilities and electric and telephone service.  Rural Development offers
a friendly and professional working environment and such excellent benefits as:
a generous salary, alternative work schedules, paid vacation and sick leave,
paid holidays, retirement and supplemental savings plan, a wide array of health,
dental, vision, and life insurance plans, flexible spending accounts, and
long-term care insurance.

This is one vacancy that can be located in one of the following locations:
Bloomfield, IN, Indianapolis, IN, Jasper, IN or North Vernon, IN.
TRAVEL REQUIRED

Occasional Travel
    1-5 days

RELOCATION AUTHORIZED

No

KEY REQUIREMENTS

US Citizenship is required.
    Selective Service Registration is required for males born after 12/31/1959.
    A 1-year probationary period is required.
    Time in grade must be met by the closing date of the announcement.
    Must submit Form OGE450 w/in 30 days of appt date & annually thereafter.

DUTIES:
Back to top

This position is located in a Rural Development (RD) Office. The incumbent
serves as key member of the Business & Cooperative Program Staff. The incumbent
is primarily responsible for program planning, policy development,
administration, coordination and evaluation of the full scope of activities
related to the State's rural business and cooperative development loan, grant,
and loan guarantee programs in the Southern District of Indiana.

Incumbent serves as the state's authority in Business and Cooperative Program
policies and activities for the Southern District. Has primary responsibility
for designing, planning, implementing, directing, coordinating, executing and
evaluating program activities related to the State's business & cooperative
development loan, grant, and loan guarantee programs, including processing loans
and grants and servicing existing borrowers in the Southern District. Leads the
marketing efforts in the Southern District to promote Business & Cooperative
Programs.

Provides policy updates and training in business program law and regulation,
credit counseling and loan and grant processing, servicing actions and
authorities, and customer service through training sessions and the development
of procedures, instruction, guides or other measures to maintain staff expertise
and strengthen operations for the Southern District. Provides administrative,
technical and direct supervision to the BP staff located in the southern
district.

QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED:
Back to top

For GS-13: Applicants must have 1 year of specialized experience equivalent to
at least the GS-12; or its non-Federal equivalent that demonstrates: Experience
providing leadership in processing, servicing, and supervising a full range of
business loans; commercial loans; servicing a loan portfolio of a bank or other
loan association; or similar work which provided a comprehensive knowledge and
understanding of the technicalities of mortgage financing and credit. Experience
must demonstrate use of broad and seasoned judgment in providing financial
management guidance to borrowers; ascertaining and analyzing the many and often
obscure facts regarding the borrower's financial capacity, and evaluating the
general economic and financial conditions that affect the
organization/government's risk in granting, guaranteeing, or insuring the loan.

NOTE: To be considered for this position, you must meet all qualification and
eligibility requirements for the GS-1165 series set forth in the Office of
Personnel Management (OPM) Qualifications Standards by the closing date of the
announcement. A copy is available at:
http://www.opm.gov/qualifications/index.asp .

Time in Grade must be met by the closing date of this announcement.


o  Subject to satisfactory completion of a one year supervisory/managerial
probationary period
o  May be subject to satisfactory completion of one year probationary or trial
period.
HOW YOU WILL BE EVALUATED:

You will be evaluated based on your qualifications for this position as
evidenced by the education, experience, and training you described in your
application package, as well as the responses to the Occupational Questionnaire
to determine the degree to which you possess the knowledge, skills, abilities
and competencies listed below:

Knowledge of Commercial and Community Programs loan and/or grant making
requirements.
        Knowledge of Commercial and Community Programs servicing requirements.
        Program Administration/Project Management
        Supervision
        Oral Communication
        Written Communication

We will review your application, including the online Occupational
Questionnaire, to ensure you meet the job requirements and assess your ability
to perform this job. Before any certificate can be issued to the selecting
official, the resume and supporting documents are reviewed by an HR Specialist
to ensure that (a) minimum qualification requirements are met and (b) the resume
supports the answers provided to the job-specific questions. Your answers will
be verified against information provided in your online resume and application.
Be sure that your resume clearly supports your responses to all the questions
addressing experience and education relevant to this position.
    Applicants who meet the basic minimum qualification requirements and are
determined to be among the best qualified candidates will be referred to the
hiring manager for consideration. Non-Competitive candidates need to meet
minimum qualification requirements to be referred.

Note: If, after reviewing your resume and / or supporting documentation, a
determination is made that you have inflated your qualifications and or
experience, your score can / will be lowered to more accurately reflect the
submitted documentation. Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or
omissions may affect your rating. Deliberate attempts to falsify information may
be grounds for not selecting you.

To view the application form, visit:
https://rhs.usda.ntis.gov/cp/?event=jobs.previewApplication&jobid=7109303a-4a9c-
43f1-97e1-a33b00d698d5

BENEFITS:
Back to top

You can review our benefits at:
http://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/healthcare/enrollment/new-federal-employ
ee-enrollment/
The Federal Government offers a comprehensive benefits package.  Explore the
major benefits offered to most Federal employees at:
http://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/healthcare/enrollment/new-federal-employ
ee-enrollment/

OTHER INFORMATION:
o  If you are a male applicant born after December 31, 1959, certify that you
have registered with the Selective Service System or are exempt from having to
do so.
o  This position is eligible for telework and other flexible work arrangements.
Employee participation is at the discretion of the supervisor.
HOW TO APPLY:
Back to top

Please read the entire announcement and all the instructions before you begin.
The following instructions outline our application process.

You must complete this application process and submit all required documents
electronically by 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time (ET) on the closing date of this
announcement.
    We are available to assist you during business hours (normally 8:00 a.m. -
4:00 p.m., Monday - Friday). Applying online is highly encouraged. If applying
online poses a hardship, please contact our office during business hours well
before the closing date for an alternate method. All hardship application
packages with supporting documents must be submitted no later than noon on the
closing date of the announcement in order to be entered into the system prior to
its closing.
    This agency provides reasonable accommodation to applicants with
disabilities on a case-by-case basis; contact us if you are requesting this.

Step 1: Create a USAJOBS account (if you do not have one) at www.usajobs.gov. It
is recommended that as part of your profile you set up automatic email
notification to be informed when the status of your application changes. If you
choose not to set up this automatic notification, then you will have to log into
your USAJOBS account to check on the status of your application.


Step 2: Create a resume with USAJOBS or upload a resume into your USAJOBS
account. Customize your resume to ensure it documents duties and accomplishments
you have gained that are directly related to this position in order to verify
that qualifications are met. Your resume must support your responses to the
online questionnaire (you may preview the online questionnaire by clicking on
the link at the end of the How You Will Be Evaluated section of the job
announcement).

Step 3: Click "Apply Online" and follow the prompts to complete the Occupational
Questionnaire and attach any additional documents that may be required.
You can update your application or documents anytime while the announcement is
open. Log into your USAJOBS account and click on "Application Status." Click on
the position title, and then select "Update Application" to continue.
NOTE: Verify that uploaded documents from USAJOBs transfer into the Agency's
staffing system. Once in the Agency's staffing system you will have the
opportunity to upload additional documents. Uploaded documents must be less than
3MB and in one of the following document formats: GIF, JPG, JPEG, PNG, RTF, PDF,
or Word (DOC or DOCX).


REQUIRED DOCUMENTS:

A complete Application Package must be submitted and received prior to 11:59,
ET, on the closing date. The following documents are required for your
application package to be complete. Our office cannot be responsible for
incompatible software, illegible fax transmissions, delays in the mail service,
your system failure or downtime, etc. Failure to submit required, legible
documents may result in loss of consideration.

Resume that includes the following information: 1) personal information; 2)
education; 3) work experience including the work schedule and hours worked per
week as well as dates of employment; and title, series and grade if applicable;
4) supervisor's phone number and e-mail address for each work period listed and
whether or not we may contact them for reference checks; and, 5) other
qualifications.
    College Transcripts if education is required for meeting basic
qualifications and/or used as a substitute for specialized experience. An
unofficial copy is sufficient however, if selected; an official college
transcript will be required prior to entering on duty. Education must have been
successfully completed and obtained from an accredited school, college, or
university. Foreign education must be evaluated by an approved organization. For
additional information, refer to the U.S. Department of Education web site at
http://www.ed.gov. All transcripts must be in English or include an English
translation.

Other required documents as applicable:

Current/Former Career/Career-Conditional: Most recent non-award Notification of
Personnel Action (SF-50 or equivalent) showing that you are/were in the
competitive service, highest grade (or promotion potential) held on a permanent
basis, federal status, position title, series and grade AND most recently
completed performance appraisal (dated within 18 months) showing the official
rating of record, signed by the supervisor, or a statement as to why the
performance appraisal is unavailable. Do not submit a performance plan.
    Veteran Hiring Authorities: (VEOA, VRA, and 30% Disabled Veterans): DD-214
(Member 4 Copy). Disabled veterans must include your VA letter & SF-15 if
claiming 10 pt. preference. Current active duty members must submit a
certification that they are expected to be discharged or released from active
duty under honorable conditions not later than 120 days after the date the
certification is submitted.
    Schedule A, Persons with Disabilities: Schedule A letter from a physician,
local, state or federal rehabilitation office citing eligibility under 5 CFR
213.3102 (u).
    Certain Military Spouses under E.O. 13473: Verification of the marriage to
the service member (i.e., a marriage license or other legal documentation
verifying marriage), plus Permanent Change of Station: PCS orders issued within
the last 2 years, that: lists you as authorized to accompany the military member
to the new duty permanent station; the specific location; and the effective date
of the PCS OR Military disability of 100%: verification of the member's release
or discharge due to 100% disability (DD-214 and VA Letter) OR Death while
serving on active duty: 1) Verification of release or discharge due to death
(DD-214). 2) Verification of the member's death (DD-1300 and Death Certificate.
3) Statement certifying they are un-remarried widow or widower of the service
member.
    Foreign Service: Most recent Foreign Service Notification of Personnel
Action, showing that you were/are serving under an unlimited, career-type
appointment AND have completed at least 1 year of continuous service without a
break of a workday under one or more nontemporary Foreign Service appointments.

    CTAP/ICTAP: Certification of Expected Separation, Reduction-In-Force
Separation Notice, Notice of Proposed Removal, or appropriate OPM/Agency
certification; AND most recent performance evaluation; AND SF-50 demonstrating
your separation or the position from which you will be separated.

AGENCY CONTACT INFO:
Cheri Allen
Phone: 317-295-5763
Fax: 855-541-9018
Email: cheri.allen@in.usda.gov
Agency Information:
USDA, Rural Development
5975 Lakeside Boulevard
Indianapolis, Indiana,
46278
USA
Fax: 855-541-9018
WHAT TO EXPECT NEXT:
If you set up your USAJOBS account to send automatic email notifications, you
will receive an email acknowledging: 1) the submission of your online
Occupational Questionnaire and resume was successful,  2) if you were referred
to the selecting official for consideration, and  3) if you were selected or not
selected. If you choose not to set up automatic email notifications, you must
check your USAJOBS account for the latest status of your application. Your
application may be reviewed to verify that you meet the qualifications and
eligibility requirements for the position prior to issuing lists to a selecting
official. If further evaluation or interviews are required, you will be
contacted. Normally, a final job offer to the selected candidate is made within
30-60 days after the issuance of the certificate.

For more information please visit: https://www.usajobs.gov/

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             813 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                            November 9, 2004 Tuesday
                                  ALL EDITION

CITY OFFERS LOAN AID TO BUYER

BYLINE: By Sylvia Cooper Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B06

LENGTH: 396 words


A development group planning to buy and renovate the Partridge Inn on Walton Way
with a federal loan through the city's housing and economic development
department received an initial nod from Augusta Commission members Monday.

The city's administrative service committee voted to allow The West Paces Hotel
Group L.L.C. to apply through the city for a guaranteed federal loan for $2.5
million. The loan would be paid back at 2 percent interest over 20 years. The
new owners of the hotel expect to invest $2.23 million in equity in the $13.5
million project.

The commitment to pursue the loan, guaranteed under the city's federal grant
program, will allow the developers to firm up their decision to buy the
property.

The last time Augusta guaranteed such a loan was more than a decade ago with
about 50 Olde Town properties. The consolidated government was forced to pay the
debt service on the loan after it went into default, until the property was sold
to a corporation specializing in low-income properties in 1997.

City officials hope to avoid similar problems with the West Paces loan by making
sure a debt service reserve is in place in case of default, housing department
Director Warren Smith said.

The project would create 53 new permanent jobs and improvements in the
112-year-old Partridge Inn, including larger guest rooms and a potential
conference center. It also would add $140,000 in hotel-motel taxes to the city
each year, project developer Earl Patton said.

After reviewing the proposal, Mr. Smith and his staff concluded that the
developer "has assembled a top-notch project team" in the West Paces Group,
which includes former executives of the Ritz-Carlton Hotel Co.

The Earl Patton Co. has developed and owned hotels such as the Marriott
Northwest in Atlanta, the Marriott at Sawgrass and the Green Villas in Ponte
Vedra, Fla.

Renovation of the Partridge Inn, which is listed on the Historic Register and is
a Historic Hotel of America, will preserve and enhance the historic architecture
of the exterior. Plans include decreasing the number of rooms from 156 to 132.

The Partridge Inn will be operated and managed by the West Paces Group.

The department expects to apply for the loan with the U.S. Department of Housing
and Urban Development, which has final say on it, Mr. Smith said.

Reach Sylvia Cooper at (706) 823-3228

or sylvia.cooper@augustachronicle.com.

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2004 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation


                             814 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Day (New London, Connecticut)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             May 29, 2010 Saturday

Mohegan Tribe's government center plan lands stimulus loans: $54 million in
backing expected to foster 1,279 jobs locally

BYLINE: Lee Howard, The Day, New London, Conn.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 607 words


May 29--Nearly 1,300 local jobs are expected to be created thanks to $54 million
in federal stimulus loans the Mohegan Indians will receive to fund the stalled
construction of a new tribal government center.

The American Recovery and Reinvestment Act funding -- targeting rural areas and
amounting to $167.8 million nationwide -- was announced Thursday by the U.S.
Department of Agriculture. The Mohegan Tribe's loans amounted to nearly a third
of all stimulus money made available nationwide in its latest announcement.

"The tribe is building a community center; an educational center; a health
administration center; an administration building, and a library," the agency
said in a press release. "Once completed, the new center will provide essential
government services and create an estimated 1,279 jobs for this rural
community."

It was unclear how many of the jobs will be permanent and how many are
temporary. The Mohegan Tribe did not respond to requests for more details.

The tribe broke ground on the government center in April 2007, according to
information on its website, but put the $80 million project on hold in January
2009 when the economy soured. The partially completed center, which originally
was to have been finished by December 2009, is located on Crow Hill Road in
Uncasville, near the site of the tribe's current temporary headquarters.

"The new four-story structure will house the various departments of the Tribal
Government and also contain a community center which will include a recreation
and practice center for the Connecticut Sun (WNBA basketball team)," according
to the Mohegans' website.

The government building -- expected to house the Tribal Gaming Commission along
with offices for police, fire, education and housing personnel -- was put on
hold at the same time the tribe stopped a major expansion of its Mohegan Sun
casino. The casino also rolled back salary increases and offered voluntary
buyouts to employees, while the tribal government cut positions.

Both casino and tribal employees had 401(k) retirement fund matches and salary
increases suspended at the same time.

A listing of the federal funding for the project shows four separate loans
amounting to nearly $32 million that will be used to construct a "Tribal
Educational Center." A fifth loan, at more than $22 million, would be used for
the "Tribal Community Center."

It's unclear which of the loans, if any, would be used for the health center,
administration building or library. The USDA did not return calls seeking more
information.

"These Recovery Act projects not only provide needed infrastructure in rural
communities, they contribute to the Obama administration's continued efforts to
turn the economy around and create quality jobs," USDA Secretary Tom Vilsack
said in a statement.

The $167.8 million in Recovery Act projects announced this week are funded
through the USDA Rural Development Community Facilities Program. They will be
matched with $60 million from unspecified "other sources."

The funds for rural communities are made available to "public bodies, nonprofit
organizations and federally recognized Indian tribes," according to the USDA.
The latest round of funding will bring 145 loans to 37 states.

l.howard@theday.com

To see more of The Day, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.theday.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Day, New London, Conn.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100529-NL-Mohegan-Tribe-s-government-center-plan-lands-stimulus-loans
-0529

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NL


                             Copyright 2010 The Day


                             815 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              DAILY MAIL (London)

                                August 31, 2001

Private buyers go in for bidding war

BYLINE: Liz Phillips

SECTION: Pg. 74

LENGTH: 861 words


BUYING a property at auction used to be the preserve of professionals, but these
days househunters and small-time investors have moved into the auction room in
the hope of hammering home a bargain.

Auction fever started ten years ago, when repossessions were at their height and
firsttime buyers saw it as a chance to get a foot in the door of their first
home.

Nowadays, repossessed properties are not as common and competition from other
keen bidders means that you could pay well over the guide price. On the whole,
bargains are going, going, gone.

Auctioneers boast about how much higher properties sell above the guide price.
Paul Jackson, an auctioneer and estate agent firm in Lymington, Hampshire, sold
two New Forest cottages at the height of the summer for nearly GBP 100,000 over
their guide price of GBP 250,000 each.

They both needed complete renovation.

Bidders were left in no doubt that the cottages required an enormous amount of
work, but their saving grace was that they were in beautiful rural settings.

'The two cottages were ideal for auction. They were on good sites with views
across the forest, and they both had enormous potential,' says Paul Jackson.

PERHAPS if they'd been in perfect order they would not have attracted half as
much interest.

'I don't think there are many bargains to be had at auction round here.

You are paying a fair market price when you buy under the hammer, though some
people do get carried away when there are lots of bidders for a property.'

The South of England and East Anglia have seen the biggest rise in the value of
homes at auction, according to the Focus Auction Guide, which compares the price
of vacant terrace houses sold across the country.

The South of England has seen increases of 35 per cent, while in East Anglia
people paid nearly 28 per cent more than a year ago.

In Lancashire, where repossessed properties still come onto the market, prices
have fallen slightly in the past year and the average price paid is less than
GBP 16,000.

In the more buoyant London market, the average terrace house is knocked down at
nearly GBP 200,000.

Mike Logan Wood of Countrywide Property Auctions, which holds auctions
throughout Britain, puts the increased prices seen at auction down to their
popularity with the public.

'We're seeing more private people wanting to buy and sell their homes at auction
than ever before,' he says.

'A new phenomenon is the private investor looking to buy rented properties to
provide an income in retirement. Others are buying offices with good tenants for
their pension fund.

'In Manchester and Leeds, houses with tenants are worth more than those that are
vacant.' Most properties that are up for auction fall into one of three types.
They may be difficult to get a mortgage on because they have structural problems
or a sitting tenant.

They may be sold by the executors after the owner has died to get a quick sale,
or they may be so unusual that they are difficult to value outside the auction
room.

The whole buying process is far quicker than through an estate agent. From the
time the auction catalogue arrives on your doorstep you have only about three
weeks until the auction.

Once your offer has been accepted, you are deemed to have exchanged contracts
and will usually have only 20 working days until completion, when you can move
in.

When the gavel has dropped, the property is yours and you will have to pay 10
per cent of the price as a deposit before you leave the room.

You need to do your homework before the sale. One good way to value the home you
are interested in is to look at as many comparable properties as possible from
estate agents.

Ask someone who knows about property maintenance to give an opinion as to what
needs to be done to put the place right. You can ask builders for quotes for the
cost of the work and refurbishment.

If you want to go ahead, arrange for a surveyor to do a report on the house,
especially if it is an older property in poor repair.

At the time of the auction, you need to have sorted out your finances. They must
be watertight if you are not a cash buyer because there will be penalties if you
cannot complete the transaction.

You must apply for a mortgage quickly if you are not a cash buyer because it can
take at least two weeks to arrange. If you cannot fix a mortgage before the
auction, do not bid.

YOU NEED to get a legal pack for the home you are interested in from the
auctioneers. They will charge a small fee, typically around GBP 10, for it.

Your solicitors will need to go through the details in the pack, which will
include any special conditions.

Mike Logan Wood advises: 'Do your homework because there is no going back once
your bid's been accepted, even if you find out there are major problems later.
The auctioneer won't point them.

'Know the maximum that you are prepared to pay and don't go any further.

People do get carried away with the excitement of the auction. It's a bit like
gambling.

Often their hand is shaking so much afterwards that they can hardly sign the
documents.'


LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2001

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: ABOVE: A THATCHED GRADE II-LISTED HOUSE IN ROYSTON, HERTS, WILL BE
AUCTIONED AT THE NEW CONNAUGHT ROOMS IN LONDON ON SEPTEMBER 11. THE THREE
-BEDROOM OLD HALL HOUSE HAS A GUIDE PRICE OF 250,000 TO 300,000. INSET: THIS
TWO-BEDROOM END OF TERRACE HOUSE IN BALSALL HEATH, BIRMINGHAM, HAS A GUIDE PRICE
OF 15,000 TO 17,500. IT WILL BE AUCTIONED ON SEPTEMBER 18 AT THE NATIONAL
MOTORCYCLE MUSEUM IN SOLIHULL. FOR INQUIRIES ABOUT EITHER PROPERTY, CONTACT
COUNTRYWIDE: 0870 240 1140

PUB-TYPE: Paper

                   Copyright 2001 Associated Newspapers Ltd.


                             816 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                            March 8, 2017 Wednesday
                                 METRO EDITION

Digi-Key: $200M site is possible

BYLINE: DEE DePASS; STAFF WRITER, STAR TRIBUNE (Mpls.-St. Paul)

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 725 words



HIGHLIGHT: Company is giving state, Thief River Falls the first chance to make a
pitch.


Digi-Key Electronics is considering adding a $200 million factory and
distribution center to its Thief River Falls headquarters that could add 1,000
jobs over 10 years, officials announced this week.

If selected, the project could add 1 million square feet of manufacturing and
warehouse space in Thief River Falls and $500 million in economic output to
Minnesota's coffers, officials said. It also could increase Digi-Key's current
3,200-employee Minnesota workforce by one-third.

The Digi-Key project might ultimately grow in scope to $300 million.

The international wholesaler, which ships all of its parts for smartphones,
electric cars, LED lights and medical devices from its hub in Thief River

Falls, now generates about $1.5 billion a year in sales.

Although Digi-Key is considering other locations for expansion, Thief River
Falls remains its "preferred location," said Rick Trontvet, Digi-Key's vice
president of administration and human resources. Digi-Key will give the city and
state a chance to put together an incentives package before expanding the search
to other sites.

Trontvet declined to say where else the company is looking.

"We obviously are thrilled with Thief River Falls as the place where we have
grown. And we wanted to give Minnesota and the city the first opportunity or the
first bite of the apple so to speak" in trying to make a deal work, Trontvet
said.

"We told our employees [Monday] and there is a lot of excitement about the scale
of the facility and what it could mean," he said.

But he cautioned that Digi-Key's large size means the decision on where to
expand is "more complex and requires that we review a variety of possibilities.
This review process involves a lot of fact finding."

Infrastructure and hiring needs are just two of many issues that will have to be
addressed if the project is to go forward. It's often difficult to find hundreds
of new workers to hire in northern, rural Minnesota, officials conceded. In the
past, housing has been a concern.

Cities and businesses have teamed up in recent years, though, to improve access
to jobs, apartments and houses.

Thief River Falls Mayor Brian Holmer said that, if chosen, his city will welcome
Digi-Key's project "with open arms. ... We want them to stay here."

The expansion proposal was set to be discussed by City Council members during
meetings Tuesday and Wednesday and by state legislators this week, Holmer said.

The idea that Digi-Key could launch such a massive expansion in rural Minnesota
is "very exciting," Holmer said. If it proceeds, it would "provide hundreds of
millions of dollars to the economy in Minnesota, so it would be good to keep
them here in Minnesota."

If possible, city leaders will consider offering Digi-Key some type of tax
increment financing. At the same time, state legislators are considering
proposals to steer state loans or grants toward the company.

The state's Department of Employment and Economic Development has the ability to
offer expanding businesses certain incentives, such as job creation rebates and
Minnesota Investment Fund loans, to assist with expansion. Most measures require
the grant or loan recipient to first invest significant capital and to create a
set number of new jobs before receiving state money.

"We started working on it in January and have worked with the consultants that
Digi-Key hired," Holmer said. "Now we are at a crossroads and have to see how it
all works out."

The city, state and the regional airport are all willing to help ensure that an
expanded Digi-Key plant and its enhanced cargo demands could be met. "In the
future, if [Digi-Key] needed bigger planes at the airport, the airport is
willing to consider that. If we need to grow, we will grow," Holmer said.

Digi-Key Electronics is a global distributor of electronic components,
prototypes and designs from more than 650 name-brand manufacturers. It stocks
1.3 million electronic components and typically ships parts to customers across
the globe within 48 hours.

That track record must be maintained, Trontvet said.

Digi-Key has enjoyed robust growth in the last 15 years as customers moved from
paper catalogs to internet-based ordering. In addition to Thief River Falls,
Digi-Key has a small facility in Fargo and a customer service center in the
Netherlands, plus sales offices in Munich and Tel Aviv.

Dee DePass · 612-673-7725

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2017 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             817 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             April 18, 2003 Friday

OKC Real Estate Briefs April 18, 2003

BYLINE: Matt Maile

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1022 words


Workers have raised walls and are progressing with other work in the first and
second phases of construction of Quad/Graphics' Oklahoma City printing plant on
168 acres near the intersection of Interstate 240 and S. Sunnylane Road.

The Pewaukee, Wis.-based company is scheduled to complete the first phase of the
printing plant -- a 217,000-square-foot building -- this summer. Construction
has already begun on the second phase of the plant that will add another 317,000
square feet to the facility. The second phase of the plant should be completed
by 2004, a year ahead of schedule, company officials said.

The first phase of the development will house Quad/Graphic's offset printing
operations. The second phase will add capabilities for gravure presses.

When completed, the printing plant under construction will begin printing weekly
editions of Newsweek magazine under a five-year contract plant officials
announced in March.

Conferences

Gov. Brad Henry and the Protecting People First Foundation will mark the 8th
anniversary of the Oklahoma City bombing with a two-day symposium highlighting
how building owners and managers can make buildings safe from terrorist attacks,
the foundation said.

The two-day event will begin with an awards ceremony at 9 a.m. April 24 at the
Westin Hotel in downtown Oklahoma City. The awards will honor the General
Services Administration for steps taken to protect workers from terrorist attack
in the new Oklahoma City federal campus now under construction.

The Protecting People First Foundation was founded by Aren Almon-Kok, mother of
Oklahoma City bombing victim Baylee Almon.

On April 24 and 25, representatives from the FBI's Terrorism Task Force, the
General Services Administration and other federal, state and regional agencies
will join the governor and First Lady Kim Henry to discuss what steps can be
taken to make sure buildings are safe.

Also attending the symposium will be the lead architects of the new Oklahoma
City federal campus and members of the protective glazing industry, which
crafted the special bomb blast resistant windows in the new federal building.

More information about the event can be found at the Web site
www.protectingpeople.org.

Land sale

More than 1,800 acres of state land in 12 Oklahoma counties will go on the
auction block April 28 through May 2, Ernest Hellwege, the secretary for the
Commissioners of the Land Office, said this week.

The eighth annual sale of lands by the School Land Trust will be held at county
courthouses. Auctions will begin April 28 in Blaine, Caddo, Texas, and Woods
counties. On April 29, Ellis, McClain, Pottawatomie, and Roger Mills counties
will hold auctions. Carter, Garvin and Lincoln counties are scheduled to hold
auctions on April 30. The final auction will be held in Craig County on May 2.

"Money from the sale of state school land increases trust fund revenue for
Oklahoma's education system," Hellege said.

Minimum bids are established for each property. Hellwege said this year's
auctions are expected to generate about $800,000.

Those wanting more information about the auctions can contact the Commissioners
of the Land Office at (888) 355-2637 or (405) 604-8100, or by visiting the Web
site, www.clo.state.ok.us.

Advisory board formed

The Oklahoma Homebuyers Education Association said it has named 17 persons to
serve on its recently created advisory board.

Included as advisers are Brian Alford, manager of corporate communications at
OGE; Roger Beverage, president and CEO of the Oklahoma Bankers Association; Bill
Blalock, president of Southern Plains Indian Housing Council; Gary Carpenter of
the Greater Oklahoma City Hispanic Chamber of Commerce; Cheryl Dorrance,
director of research for the Oklahoma Municipal League; J.D. Foster, president
of the Oklahoma National Association of Housing and Redevelopment Officials;
Jerry Goodwin, president of the Tulsa Urban League; and Sergio Garcia of the
Greater Tulsa Hispanic Chamber of Commerce.

Other advisers are Jeff Hairston, assistant vice president for the Federal Home
Loan Bank of Topeka, Kan.; Michael E. Jones, executive director of the Oklahoma
Association of Community Action Agencies; Brent Kisling, Oklahoma state director
of the U.S Department of Agriculture/Rural Development; Kevin McNeely, Oklahoma
City director of the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development; Jim
Miller, president of the Oklahoma Mortgage Bankers Association; Cris Price,
president of the Oklahoma Mortgage Brokers Association; Dennis Shockley,
executive director of the Oklahoma Housing and Finance Authority; Tom Seth
Smith, executive director of Rural Enterprises of Oklahoma; and Rex Smitherman,
director of the Oklahoma Partnership Office of the Fannie Mae Association.

OHEA is funded by the Federal Home Loan Bank of Topeka, Kan., and a grant from
the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development. The Oklahoma Association
of Community Action Agencies administers the program.

The association said its mission is to prepare Oklahomans for home ownership.

Interior design

The Plaza District Association has leased property at 1708 NW 16th St. in
Oklahoma City for the new offices of the association, the group said this week.

Jason Johnston, Plaza District Association board member, has volunteered the
services of his interior design firm, Jason George. In addition to managing and
remodeling the space, Johnston will make what were termed "minor" modifications
to the exterior of the building.

Plans include painting each of the four door fronts along the block-long
structure in primary colors of red, yellow, blue and green.

The association said it would use the space for committee meetings and for
day-to-day operations of the association. Johnston said he expects the office to
be open sometime in May.

Staff additions

Tamra Tresner has joined RE/MAX Associates as a sales associate, the company
said this week.

Tresner formerly served as a training director for Sonic Industries. In her new
position, she will specialize in residential property sales in Edmond and
northwest Oklahoma City.

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: General news

                      Copyright 2003 Dolan Media Newswires
                                All Rights Reserved


                             818 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 27, 2016 Tuesday

USDA Announces $18.1 Million to Help Rural Businesses Create Jobs

LENGTH: 928  words

DATELINE: New York



 Phoenix: Retirement System, The State of Arizona has issued the following news
release:

  Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced loans and grants for 92
projects worth $18.1 million to help support the start-up or expansion of rural
small businesses. These funds are part of more than 20,000 grants and loans to
more than 85,000 rural businesses USDA's Rural Business-Cooperative Service has
awarded since the start of the Obama administration.





 "I am proud of the work USDA has done to help small businesses grow in rural
America because they are the engine that creates jobs," Vilsack said. "These
funds will allow small and emerging businesses and the organizations that
support them to get the financing they need to strengthen their operations,
create jobs and expand economic opportunities. Thanks to the 2014 Farm Bill, we
can continue this work in a more streamlined and efficient way to benefit small
businesses and the American taxpayer."



 USDA is awarding the funds through the Rural Economic Development Loan and
Grant (REDLG) program, the Intermediary Relending Program (IRP) and the Rural
Business Development Grant (RBDG) program.



 USDA provides grants or zero-interest loans through the REDLG program to
utilities that in turn fund projects to create and retain employment in rural
areas. Vilsack announced $11.7 million in REDLG loans and grants for 18
recipients.



 One of the organizations receiving funds under the REDLG program is the South
Mississippi Electric Power Association, which has been selected for a $2 million
loan. It will lend part of that to the city of Greenwood, which will buy and
renovate a building for the Milwaukee Tools company. This project is expected to
create more than 100 jobs in Lenore County. Lenore is one of many counties
across the nation USDA has targeted for special assistance through the
StrikeForce Initiative for Rural Growth and Opportunity. USDA launched
StrikeForce in 2010 to increase investments in rural communities through
intensive outreach and stronger partnerships with community leaders, businesses,
foundations and other groups that are working to combat poverty.



 In the Intermediary Relending Program (IRP), Vilsack announced $2.5 million for
three IRP recipients. Colorado's First Southwest Bank is receiving a $1 million
loan for business and community development in 11 counties in the southwest part
of the state. The IRP program provides 1 percent loans to non-profit groups,
cooperatives, federally recognized tribes and public agencies.



 USDA is awarding 71 Rural Business Development Grants totaling $4 million.
Congress established the RBDG program in the 2014 Farm Bill by combining the
Rural Business Enterprise Grant program and the Rural Business Opportunity Grant
program. One of the RBDG recipients, the Tennessee College of Applied
Technology-Morristown, will receive a $110,020 grant to buy state-of-the-art
equipment to train students in advanced manufacturing. The Northern Community
Investment Corporation in Vermont is receiving two grants totaling $454,892 to
establish a revolving fund and to provide technical assistance and professional
consulting to help small businesses.



 Past examples of how these awards have helped grow the economy in rural America
include:



     Sisters Kim Brigham Campbell and Terrie Brigham, in Oregon's Hood River
County, used part of an IRP loan awarded to the Mid-Columbia Economic
Development District to open a retail store. They sell salmon, steelhead,
sturgeon and other fish harvested from sites that have been passed down within
this Native American family for generations. The store opened in May 2014.

     USDA's REDLG program is fueling the growth of a firm in Eastern Kentucky.
USDA awarded a $740,000 REDLG loan to the Jackson Energy Cooperative in FY 2011.
The Cooperative, in turn, loaned a portion of those funds to Senture, which
constructed a building where it provides call-center and support services for
private companies and government agencies. Senture is a family-owned business
headquartered in London.

     In FY 2014, USDA Rural Development awarded a $64,990 Rural Business
Enterprise Grant to Sustainable Northwest, a non-profit in Portland, Ore., to
find commercial uses and markets for Western Juniper. It is a widespread and
often problematic species in central and eastern parts of the state. Sustainable
Northwest is using USDA's grant to help create timber and forestry jobs in rural
Oregon and contribute to ecosystem restoration by identifying additional uses
for Western Juniper wood products.



 The funding for today's awardees totals $18.1 million and is contingent upon
the recipients meeting the terms of the loan and grant agreements.



 President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities.



 #



 USDA is an equal opportunity provider and employer. To file a complaint of
discrimination, write: USDA, Office of the Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights,
Office of Adjudication, 1400 Independence Ave., SW, Washington, DC 20250-9410 or
call (866) 632-9992 (Toll-free Customer Service), (800) 877-8339 (Local or
Federal relay), (866) 377-8642 (Relay voice users).

 ee



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             819 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 5, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: USDA Announces $18.1 Million to Help Rural Businesses Create Jobs

LENGTH: 867 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced loans and grants for 92
projects worth $18.1 million to help support the start-up or expansion of rural
small businesses. These funds are part of more than 20,000 grants and loans to
more than 85,000 rural businesses USDA's Rural Business-Cooperative Service has
awarded since the start of the Obama administration.





 "I am proud of the work USDA has done to help small businesses grow in rural
America because they are the engine that creates jobs," Vilsack said. "These
funds will allow small and emerging businesses and the organizations that
support them to get the financing they need to strengthen their operations,
create jobs and expand economic opportunities. Thanks to the 2014 Farm Bill, we
can continue this work in a more streamlined and efficient way to benefit small
businesses and the American taxpayer."



 USDA is awarding the funds through the Rural Economic Development Loan and
Grant (REDLG) program, the Intermediary Relending Program (IRP) and the Rural
Business Development Grant (RBDG) program.



 USDA provides grants or zero-interest loans through the REDLG program to
utilities that in turn fund projects to create and retain employment in rural
areas. Vilsack announced $11.7 million in REDLG loans and grants for 18
recipients.



 One of the organizations receiving funds under the REDLG program is the South
Mississippi Electric Power Association, which has been selected for a $2 million
loan. It will lend part of that to the city of Greenwood, which will buy and
renovate a building for the Milwaukee Tools company. This project is expected to
create more than 100 jobs in Lenore County. Lenore is one of many counties
across the nation USDA has targeted for special assistance through the
StrikeForce Initiative for Rural Growth and Opportunity. USDA launched
StrikeForce in 2010 to increase investments in rural communities through
intensive outreach and stronger partnerships with community leaders, businesses,
foundations and other groups that are working to combat poverty.



 In the Intermediary Relending Program (IRP), Vilsack announced $2.5 million for
three IRP recipients. Colorado's First Southwest Bank is receiving a $1 million
loan for business and community development in 11 counties in the southwest part
of the state. The IRP program provides 1 percent loans to non-profit groups,
cooperatives, federally recognized tribes and public agencies.



 USDA is awarding 71 Rural Business Development Grants totaling $4 million.
Congress established the RBDG program in the 2014 Farm Bill by combining the
Rural Business Enterprise Grant program and the Rural Business Opportunity Grant
program. One of the RBDG recipients, the Tennessee College of Applied
Technology-Morristown, will receive a $110,020 grant to buy state-of-the-art
equipment to train students in advanced manufacturing. The Northern Community
Investment Corporation in Vermont is receiving two grants totaling $454,892 to
establish a revolving fund and to provide technical assistance and professional
consulting to help small businesses.



 Past examples of how these awards have helped grow the economy in rural America
include:



     Sisters Kim Brigham Campbell and Terrie Brigham, in Oregon's Hood River
County, used part of an IRP loan awarded to the Mid-Columbia Economic
Development District to open a retail store. They sell salmon, steelhead,
sturgeon and other fish harvested from sites that have been passed down within
this Native American family for generations. The store opened in May 2014.

     USDA's REDLG program is fueling the growth of a firm in Eastern Kentucky.
USDA awarded a $740,000 REDLG loan to the Jackson Energy Cooperative in FY 2011.
The Cooperative, in turn, loaned a portion of those funds to Senture, which
constructed a building where it provides call-center and support services for
private companies and government agencies. Senture is a family-owned business
headquartered in London.

     In FY 2014, USDA Rural Development awarded a $64,990 Rural Business
Enterprise Grant to Sustainable Northwest, a non-profit in Portland, Ore., to
find commercial uses and markets for Western Juniper. It is a widespread and
often problematic species in central and eastern parts of the state. Sustainable
Northwest is using USDA's grant to help create timber and forestry jobs in rural
Oregon and contribute to ecosystem restoration by identifying additional uses
for Western Juniper wood products.



 The funding for today's awardees totals $18.1 million and is contingent upon
the recipients meeting the terms of the loan and grant agreements.



 President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             820 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                      AUGUST 6, 1999 Friday CWEST EDITION

A DREAM COME TRUE, THE NEW GARDEN PROJECT MADE PROPERTY OWNERS OF FARMWORKERS. /
MIGRANT WORKERS FORM A NEIGHBORHOOD

BYLINE: Michael Sandler, INQUIRER SUBURBAN STAFF

SECTION: NEIGHBORS CHESTER & BRANDYWINE; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 1176 words

DATELINE: NEW GARDEN


Every month, Dagoberto Guzman pays his bills.

Occasionally, with five growing children, the grocery list varies. This summer,
the electricity bill has been a little higher. But for the most part, the amount
of money he spends has not changed dramatically since his family moved from
Mexico to join him in southern Chester County five years ago.

Something is new in his budget, though. This year, Guzman stopped paying rent.
When he plunks down one week's salary for the roof, that roof is his.

"It is my dream to finish paying for this house," Guzman said in Spanish while
standing in front of the sliding glass doors in his 10-by-16-foot, eat-in
kitchen.

The Guzmans are among 24 families who purchased a townhouse in the Buena Vista
development last year with a reduced mortgage rate set up by the Alliance for
Better Housing. The nonprofit developer assists low-income rural residents, most
of whom work in southern Chester County's mushroom region.

The Alliance for Better Housing was formed five years ago by politicians,
business people and social-service workers in the Kennett area who had gathered
to discuss a growing demand for housing among the area's low-income farmworkers.
Unlike other crops, mushrooms can be grown year-round. As more workers settled
in the area, many moved their families from Mexico.

"We needed to provide a positive environment to make the families feel welcome,"
said Kennett Square Mayor Leon Spencer.

While the alliance has helped more than 70 families purchase homes, Buena Vista
is the first development built specifically to serve a large group of families.
The project received support from several sources, including private donors,
municipalities and the Puerto Rican Coalition.

Toll Bros. built the complex at cost, forgoing the estimated $300,000 profit it
could have made on the project.

The low-interest loans were provided by the Department of Agriculture's rural
development agency under Section 502 of the Housing Act of 1949. With this
program and the additional donations, the alliance sold all 24 units, raising $3
million to construct the development outside Kennett Square.

"If it wasn't for this program, it would be impossible for me to buy a home,"
said Sergio Carmona, who works as a health counselor at Project Salud, a primary
health center for low-income farmworkers in Kennett Square. "They made it
possible for some of us."

Families pay as little as 1 percent and up to 7 percent annual interest on
three- and four-bedroom homes that sold for between $105,000 and $112,000. The
rates are based on household income. Borrowers are required by Department of
Agriculture to recertify income annually. The interest rate on monthly payments
can change as family income changes.

The Guzmans pay $460.04 each month on a 32-year mortgage with an annual 1
percent interst rate for their three-bedroom, 2 1/2-bathroom house. Last year
they paid $400 each month to rent a one-story, two-bedroom house in Kennett.

Dagoberto Guzman earns about $460 each week after taxes, picking mushrooms and
driving a truck. He often leaves the house before dawn for 12 hours of work each
day. His wife, Hilda, takes home about $250 a week packing mushrooms.

"We don't earn much," Dagoberto Guzman said. "But when we are here, we are
fine."

Eligibility was based solely on those household incomes that fell below 80
percent of the average household income in Chester County. Those in the range -
$31,150 for a single occupant to about $55,150 for a family of seven, like the
Guzmans - qualified.

Those numbers are maximum figures. The families living at Buena Vista earn from
$12,000 to $35,000 a year, said Howard Porter, the director of the Alliance for
Better Housing.

"Nobody makes anywhere near $55,000," Porter said.

All the homeowners also had to qualify for a mortgage, which included credit and
debt-ratio checks. Once approved, all buyers needed to produce $3,000 for
closing fees, a portion of the actual $17,000 down payment on each house. The
Housing Partnership of Chester County and First National Bank of West Chester
provided the additional $14,000 as a forgiven grant.

"The only time they would have to pay it back would be if they turned around in
the next five years and tried to sell the house for profit," Porter said.

The families are not just purchasing homes; they are building a community.

On the 7.3-acre site above Old Baltimore Pike, where dilapidated mushroom shacks
and wooded areas once stood, a circle of white townhouses grouped in blocks of
four occupies a newly constructed cul-de-sac.

The first group of families moved into the new homes last December, the last few
this May. Slowly, as the families met, some semblance of a neighborhood began to
take shape. Now, in the evening, families sit outside their houses on stone
porches and talk. Children ride bicycles, organize games of soccer and play tag
on the front lawns.

"It's nice to see all the children playing," said Carmona, who had been renting
a mobile home for himself, his wife and daughter before buying the townhouse.
"My daughter wants to be outside playing all day."

Antero Serrano moved to Chester County from Acapulco in 1988. He picked and
packed mushrooms in Toughkenamon, a few miles from where he lived in Kennett
Square. Since he did not have a car, each morning he walked the three miles
along Old Baltimore Pike to Modern Mushroom Co. When he finished work, he walked
home.

He hardly found peace or quiet in his second-floor apartment.

"I had drunks living above me on the third floor," Serrano said. "I could never
sleep."

These days, he and his family are the only people living under his roof. He
often catches a ride to work with one of his new neighbors.

Guzman's journey toward the status of homeowner began more than two decades ago.
In 1976, he left Guanajuato, Mexico, as a teenager and immigrated alone to the
United States. That year, he went to California and began the first of several
migrant jobs picking grapes and peaches.

Guzman rented a room as a boarder in other people's homes. He returned to Mexico
periodically to see his then-girlfriend. They were married in the early 1980s.
She stayed behind to raise the growing family. He sent them money each month.

When he arrived in Pennsylvania to pick mushrooms, he found stable work and
became a legal resident in 1987. In 1994, he sent for his wife and family, which
now included four children. They had their fifth child in Pennsylvania in 1997.

"We lived in a small house with two rooms," Guzman said. "Two of the children
slept in the living room."

Now the children sleep two to each bedroom in bunk beds. The 2-year-old sleeps
in a crib beside his parents' bed.

"We have more rooms, and we can play in the basement, too," said Jose Luis
Guzman, 11.

"This one has a second floor," said Maria Guadalupe Guzman, 9.

Their father smiled.

"It's nice that we can be together," Dagoberto Guzman said.

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO;
PHOTO
The rows of tidy townhouses were developed and purchased with the help of the
five-year-old Kennett-area Alliance for Better Housing. (BOB WILLIAMS, Inquirer
Suburban Staff)
Children run across the porches, above, of the development. Carlos Figueroa's
lawn has a shrine to the Virgin Mary, left. Below, Dagoberto Guzman; his wife,
Hilda; Enrique, 2, and Maria Guadelupe, 9, gather at the table. (BOB WILLIAMS,
Inquirer Suburban Staff)

                  Copyright 1999 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             821 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 4, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: USDA Announces $18.1 Million to Help Rural Businesses Create Jobs

LENGTH: 867  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced loans and grants for 92
projects worth $18.1 million to help support the start-up or expansion of rural
small businesses. These funds are part of more than 20,000 grants and loans to
more than 85,000 rural businesses USDA's Rural Business-Cooperative Service has
awarded since the start of the Obama administration.





 "I am proud of the work USDA has done to help small businesses grow in rural
America because they are the engine that creates jobs," Vilsack said. "These
funds will allow small and emerging businesses and the organizations that
support them to get the financing they need to strengthen their operations,
create jobs and expand economic opportunities. Thanks to the 2014 Farm Bill, we
can continue this work in a more streamlined and efficient way to benefit small
businesses and the American taxpayer."



 USDA is awarding the funds through the Rural Economic Development Loan and
Grant (REDLG) program, the Intermediary Relending Program (IRP) and the Rural
Business Development Grant (RBDG) program.



 USDA provides grants or zero-interest loans through the REDLG program to
utilities that in turn fund projects to create and retain employment in rural
areas. Vilsack announced $11.7 million in REDLG loans and grants for 18
recipients.



 One of the organizations receiving funds under the REDLG program is the South
Mississippi Electric Power Association, which has been selected for a $2 million
loan. It will lend part of that to the city of Greenwood, which will buy and
renovate a building for the Milwaukee Tools company. This project is expected to
create more than 100 jobs in Lenore County. Lenore is one of many counties
across the nation USDA has targeted for special assistance through the
StrikeForce Initiative for Rural Growth and Opportunity. USDA launched
StrikeForce in 2010 to increase investments in rural communities through
intensive outreach and stronger partnerships with community leaders, businesses,
foundations and other groups that are working to combat poverty.



 In the Intermediary Relending Program (IRP), Vilsack announced $2.5 million for
three IRP recipients. Colorado's First Southwest Bank is receiving a $1 million
loan for business and community development in 11 counties in the southwest part
of the state. The IRP program provides 1 percent loans to non-profit groups,
cooperatives, federally recognized tribes and public agencies.



 USDA is awarding 71 Rural Business Development Grants totaling $4 million.
Congress established the RBDG program in the 2014 Farm Bill by combining the
Rural Business Enterprise Grant program and the Rural Business Opportunity Grant
program. One of the RBDG recipients, the Tennessee College of Applied
Technology-Morristown, will receive a $110,020 grant to buy state-of-the-art
equipment to train students in advanced manufacturing. The Northern Community
Investment Corporation in Vermont is receiving two grants totaling $454,892 to
establish a revolving fund and to provide technical assistance and professional
consulting to help small businesses.



 Past examples of how these awards have helped grow the economy in rural America
include:



     Sisters Kim Brigham Campbell and Terrie Brigham, in Oregon's Hood River
County, used part of an IRP loan awarded to the Mid-Columbia Economic
Development District to open a retail store. They sell salmon, steelhead,
sturgeon and other fish harvested from sites that have been passed down within
this Native American family for generations. The store opened in May 2014.

     USDA's REDLG program is fueling the growth of a firm in Eastern Kentucky.
USDA awarded a $740,000 REDLG loan to the Jackson Energy Cooperative in FY 2011.
The Cooperative, in turn, loaned a portion of those funds to Senture, which
constructed a building where it provides call-center and support services for
private companies and government agencies. Senture is a family-owned business
headquartered in London.

     In FY 2014, USDA Rural Development awarded a $64,990 Rural Business
Enterprise Grant to Sustainable Northwest, a non-profit in Portland, Ore., to
find commercial uses and markets for Western Juniper. It is a widespread and
often problematic species in central and eastern parts of the state. Sustainable
Northwest is using USDA's grant to help create timber and forestry jobs in rural
Oregon and contribute to ecosystem restoration by identifying additional uses
for Western Juniper wood products.



 The funding for today's awardees totals $18.1 million and is contingent upon
the recipients meeting the terms of the loan and grant agreements.



 President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             822 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 4, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: USDA Announces $18.1 Million to Help Rural Businesses Create Jobs

LENGTH: 867  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced loans and grants for 92
projects worth $18.1 million to help support the start-up or expansion of rural
small businesses. These funds are part of more than 20,000 grants and loans to
more than 85,000 rural businesses USDA's Rural Business-Cooperative Service has
awarded since the start of the Obama administration.





 "I am proud of the work USDA has done to help small businesses grow in rural
America because they are the engine that creates jobs," Vilsack said. "These
funds will allow small and emerging businesses and the organizations that
support them to get the financing they need to strengthen their operations,
create jobs and expand economic opportunities. Thanks to the 2014 Farm Bill, we
can continue this work in a more streamlined and efficient way to benefit small
businesses and the American taxpayer."



 USDA is awarding the funds through the Rural Economic Development Loan and
Grant (REDLG) program, the Intermediary Relending Program (IRP) and the Rural
Business Development Grant (RBDG) program.



 USDA provides grants or zero-interest loans through the REDLG program to
utilities that in turn fund projects to create and retain employment in rural
areas. Vilsack announced $11.7 million in REDLG loans and grants for 18
recipients.



 One of the organizations receiving funds under the REDLG program is the South
Mississippi Electric Power Association, which has been selected for a $2 million
loan. It will lend part of that to the city of Greenwood, which will buy and
renovate a building for the Milwaukee Tools company. This project is expected to
create more than 100 jobs in Lenore County. Lenore is one of many counties
across the nation USDA has targeted for special assistance through the
StrikeForce Initiative for Rural Growth and Opportunity. USDA launched
StrikeForce in 2010 to increase investments in rural communities through
intensive outreach and stronger partnerships with community leaders, businesses,
foundations and other groups that are working to combat poverty.



 In the Intermediary Relending Program (IRP), Vilsack announced $2.5 million for
three IRP recipients. Colorado's First Southwest Bank is receiving a $1 million
loan for business and community development in 11 counties in the southwest part
of the state. The IRP program provides 1 percent loans to non-profit groups,
cooperatives, federally recognized tribes and public agencies.



 USDA is awarding 71 Rural Business Development Grants totaling $4 million.
Congress established the RBDG program in the 2014 Farm Bill by combining the
Rural Business Enterprise Grant program and the Rural Business Opportunity Grant
program. One of the RBDG recipients, the Tennessee College of Applied
Technology-Morristown, will receive a $110,020 grant to buy state-of-the-art
equipment to train students in advanced manufacturing. The Northern Community
Investment Corporation in Vermont is receiving two grants totaling $454,892 to
establish a revolving fund and to provide technical assistance and professional
consulting to help small businesses.



 Past examples of how these awards have helped grow the economy in rural America
include:



     Sisters Kim Brigham Campbell and Terrie Brigham, in Oregon's Hood River
County, used part of an IRP loan awarded to the Mid-Columbia Economic
Development District to open a retail store. They sell salmon, steelhead,
sturgeon and other fish harvested from sites that have been passed down within
this Native American family for generations. The store opened in May 2014.

     USDA's REDLG program is fueling the growth of a firm in Eastern Kentucky.
USDA awarded a $740,000 REDLG loan to the Jackson Energy Cooperative in FY 2011.
The Cooperative, in turn, loaned a portion of those funds to Senture, which
constructed a building where it provides call-center and support services for
private companies and government agencies. Senture is a family-owned business
headquartered in London.

     In FY 2014, USDA Rural Development awarded a $64,990 Rural Business
Enterprise Grant to Sustainable Northwest, a non-profit in Portland, Ore., to
find commercial uses and markets for Western Juniper. It is a widespread and
often problematic species in central and eastern parts of the state. Sustainable
Northwest is using USDA's grant to help create timber and forestry jobs in rural
Oregon and contribute to ecosystem restoration by identifying additional uses
for Western Juniper wood products.



 The funding for today's awardees totals $18.1 million and is contingent upon
the recipients meeting the terms of the loan and grant agreements.



 President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             823 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 27, 2016 Tuesday

USDA Announces $18.1 Million to Help Rural Businesses Create Jobs

LENGTH: 928  words

DATELINE: New York



 Phoenix: U.S Department of Agriculture, The State of Arizona has issued the
following news release:



  Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced loans and grants for 92
projects worth $18.1 million to help support the start-up or expansion of rural
small businesses. These funds are part of more than 20,000 grants and loans to
more than 85,000 rural businesses USDA's Rural Business-Cooperative Service has
awarded since the start of the Obama administration.





 "I am proud of the work USDA has done to help small businesses grow in rural
America because they are the engine that creates jobs," Vilsack said. "These
funds will allow small and emerging businesses and the organizations that
support them to get the financing they need to strengthen their operations,
create jobs and expand economic opportunities. Thanks to the 2014 Farm Bill, we
can continue this work in a more streamlined and efficient way to benefit small
businesses and the American taxpayer."



 USDA is awarding the funds through the Rural Economic Development Loan and
Grant (REDLG) program, the Intermediary Relending Program (IRP) and the Rural
Business Development Grant (RBDG) program.



 USDA provides grants or zero-interest loans through the REDLG program to
utilities that in turn fund projects to create and retain employment in rural
areas. Vilsack announced $11.7 million in REDLG loans and grants for 18
recipients.



 One of the organizations receiving funds under the REDLG program is the South
Mississippi Electric Power Association, which has been selected for a $2 million
loan. It will lend part of that to the city of Greenwood, which will buy and
renovate a building for the Milwaukee Tools company. This project is expected to
create more than 100 jobs in Lenore County. Lenore is one of many counties
across the nation USDA has targeted for special assistance through the
StrikeForce Initiative for Rural Growth and Opportunity. USDA launched
StrikeForce in 2010 to increase investments in rural communities through
intensive outreach and stronger partnerships with community leaders, businesses,
foundations and other groups that are working to combat poverty.



 In the Intermediary Relending Program (IRP), Vilsack announced $2.5 million for
three IRP recipients. Colorado's First Southwest Bank is receiving a $1 million
loan for business and community development in 11 counties in the southwest part
of the state. The IRP program provides 1 percent loans to non-profit groups,
cooperatives, federally recognized tribes and public agencies.



 USDA is awarding 71 Rural Business Development Grants totaling $4 million.
Congress established the RBDG program in the 2014 Farm Bill by combining the
Rural Business Enterprise Grant program and the Rural Business Opportunity Grant
program. One of the RBDG recipients, the Tennessee College of Applied
Technology-Morristown, will receive a $110,020 grant to buy state-of-the-art
equipment to train students in advanced manufacturing. The Northern Community
Investment Corporation in Vermont is receiving two grants totaling $454,892 to
establish a revolving fund and to provide technical assistance and professional
consulting to help small businesses.



 Past examples of how these awards have helped grow the economy in rural America
include:



     Sisters Kim Brigham Campbell and Terrie Brigham, in Oregon's Hood River
County, used part of an IRP loan awarded to the Mid-Columbia Economic
Development District to open a retail store. They sell salmon, steelhead,
sturgeon and other fish harvested from sites that have been passed down within
this Native American family for generations. The store opened in May 2014.

     USDA's REDLG program is fueling the growth of a firm in Eastern Kentucky.
USDA awarded a $740,000 REDLG loan to the Jackson Energy Cooperative in FY 2011.
The Cooperative, in turn, loaned a portion of those funds to Senture, which
constructed a building where it provides call-center and support services for
private companies and government agencies. Senture is a family-owned business
headquartered in London.

     In FY 2014, USDA Rural Development awarded a $64,990 Rural Business
Enterprise Grant to Sustainable Northwest, a non-profit in Portland, Ore., to
find commercial uses and markets for Western Juniper. It is a widespread and
often problematic species in central and eastern parts of the state. Sustainable
Northwest is using USDA's grant to help create timber and forestry jobs in rural
Oregon and contribute to ecosystem restoration by identifying additional uses
for Western Juniper wood products.



 The funding for today's awardees totals $18.1 million and is contingent upon
the recipients meeting the terms of the loan and grant agreements.



 President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities.



 #



 USDA is an equal opportunity provider and employer. To file a complaint of
discrimination, write: USDA, Office of the Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights,
Office of Adjudication, 1400 Independence Ave., SW, Washington, DC 20250-9410 or
call (866) 632-9992 (Toll-free Customer Service), (800) 877-8339 (Local or
Federal relay), (866) 377-8642 (Relay voice users).



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             824 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 30, 2016 Saturday

Washington: USDA Announces $18.1 Million to Help Rural Businesses Create Jobs

LENGTH: 867  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced loans and grants for 92
projects worth $18.1 million to help support the start-up or expansion of rural
small businesses. These funds are part of more than 20,000 grants and loans to
more than 85,000 rural businesses USDA's Rural Business-Cooperative Service has
awarded since the start of the Obama administration.





 "I am proud of the work USDA has done to help small businesses grow in rural
America because they are the engine that creates jobs," Vilsack said. "These
funds will allow small and emerging businesses and the organizations that
support them to get the financing they need to strengthen their operations,
create jobs and expand economic opportunities. Thanks to the 2014 Farm Bill, we
can continue this work in a more streamlined and efficient way to benefit small
businesses and the American taxpayer."



 USDA is awarding the funds through the Rural Economic Development Loan and
Grant (REDLG) program, the Intermediary Relending Program (IRP) and the Rural
Business Development Grant (RBDG) program.



 USDA provides grants or zero-interest loans through the REDLG program to
utilities that in turn fund projects to create and retain employment in rural
areas. Vilsack announced $11.7 million in REDLG loans and grants for 18
recipients.



 One of the organizations receiving funds under the REDLG program is the South
Mississippi Electric Power Association, which has been selected for a $2 million
loan. It will lend part of that to the city of Greenwood, which will buy and
renovate a building for the Milwaukee Tools company. This project is expected to
create more than 100 jobs in Lenore County. Lenore is one of many counties
across the nation USDA has targeted for special assistance through the
StrikeForce Initiative for Rural Growth and Opportunity. USDA launched
StrikeForce in 2010 to increase investments in rural communities through
intensive outreach and stronger partnerships with community leaders, businesses,
foundations and other groups that are working to combat poverty.



 In the Intermediary Relending Program (IRP), Vilsack announced $2.5 million for
three IRP recipients. Colorado's First Southwest Bank is receiving a $1 million
loan for business and community development in 11 counties in the southwest part
of the state. The IRP program provides 1 percent loans to non-profit groups,
cooperatives, federally recognized tribes and public agencies.



 USDA is awarding 71 Rural Business Development Grants totaling $4 million.
Congress established the RBDG program in the 2014 Farm Bill by combining the
Rural Business Enterprise Grant program and the Rural Business Opportunity Grant
program. One of the RBDG recipients, the Tennessee College of Applied
Technology-Morristown, will receive a $110,020 grant to buy state-of-the-art
equipment to train students in advanced manufacturing. The Northern Community
Investment Corporation in Vermont is receiving two grants totaling $454,892 to
establish a revolving fund and to provide technical assistance and professional
consulting to help small businesses.



 Past examples of how these awards have helped grow the economy in rural America
include:



     Sisters Kim Brigham Campbell and Terrie Brigham, in Oregon's Hood River
County, used part of an IRP loan awarded to the Mid-Columbia Economic
Development District to open a retail store. They sell salmon, steelhead,
sturgeon and other fish harvested from sites that have been passed down within
this Native American family for generations. The store opened in May 2014.

     USDA's REDLG program is fueling the growth of a firm in Eastern Kentucky.
USDA awarded a $740,000 REDLG loan to the Jackson Energy Cooperative in FY 2011.
The Cooperative, in turn, loaned a portion of those funds to Senture, which
constructed a building where it provides call-center and support services for
private companies and government agencies. Senture is a family-owned business
headquartered in London.

     In FY 2014, USDA Rural Development awarded a $64,990 Rural Business
Enterprise Grant to Sustainable Northwest, a non-profit in Portland, Ore., to
find commercial uses and markets for Western Juniper. It is a widespread and
often problematic species in central and eastern parts of the state. Sustainable
Northwest is using USDA's grant to help create timber and forestry jobs in rural
Oregon and contribute to ecosystem restoration by identifying additional uses
for Western Juniper wood products.



 The funding for today's awardees totals $18.1 million and is contingent upon
the recipients meeting the terms of the loan and grant agreements.



 President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             825 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          THE JOURNAL (Newcastle, UK)

                       March 14, 1998, Saturday Edition 1

Tax relief warning issued to Brown - Estate agents' pre-Budget plea

BYLINE: By Rik Kendall

SECTION: HOMEMAKER, Pg. 1

LENGTH: 719 words


   SPECULATION over tax hikes in next week's Budget is fuelling concern among
homeowners and property experts.

Whether it's fear of higher mortgage costs, or the implications of a greenfield
tax on house builders, there is plenty of advice for the Chancellor.

The National Association of Estate Agents [NAEA] has warned of financial
hardships for millions of households if Gordon Brown cuts mortgage tax relief.

And if he decides to alter the stamp duty level as well as reduce Mortgage
Interest Relief at Source [Miras], confidence in the housing market would
plummet.

Hugh Dunsmore-Hardy, NAEA chief executive, said: "We would urge the Chancellor
to avoid any further fiscal measures - tax increases - in the housing market at
this time.

"While we recognise that there is an argument for removing Miras, we believe its
further reduction or removal would have serious consequences for the poorer
sections of society - including the retired and those on low incomes."

He added: "We are also concerned about the regional distribution of Miras,
because it remains an important subsidy for more than 50pc of households in many
regions of the North of England and Scotland."

Miras provides tax relief on the first £30,000 of a mortgage - a significant
percentage of the overall mortgage for many low and middle-income families.

Peter Heron, from Peter Heron Estate Agents in Sunderland, agrees. "The average
price of properties on our register is £51,000. If, as looks likely, the
Government continue to erode Miras, it could have drastic effects for much of
the Wearside

housing market." Heading the budget wish list from the Royal Institute of
Chartered Surveyors [RICS], are policies to aid urban regeneration and protect
the countryside.

But before incentives are introduced to encourage urban renewal, or taxes
imposed on greenfield development, they believe the options should be examined
more fully.

RICS president Peter McKendrick, who is also senior partner at a Newcastle-based
chartered surveying company, said: "A long term strategic approach is needed to
underpin the Government's commitment to environmental protection.

"Environmental taxes have a place to play in this but existing Government policy
lacks clarity.

"I therefore strongly endorse a recent proposal from the House of Commons
Environment Audit Committee, that the Government should establish an advisory
body on environmental taxation."

Any greenfield tax should consider whether it is intended to reduce development
on greenfield sites or simply raise money to help regenerate brownfield sites.

The RICS is also concerned with taxes where development is needed but no
greenfield land is available.

Cate Hammond, from the Council of Protection for Rural England [CPRE], based in
Newcastle, commented: "We would like to see the 17.5pc VAT, currently levied on
the development and renovation of existing housing, removed.

"At the same time, introducing VAT on new build will help ease pressure on the
countryside."

Ronnie Baird, chairman of the House Builders Federation [North-East] and
regional director of Wimpey Homes, points out that this could have serious
consequences for employment and lead to a shortages of new houses and higher
prices.

He added: "Since it is acknowledged by the deputy prime minister that a
significant amount of greenfield development is needed to meet growing demand
and prevent town cramming, a greenfield tax conflicts with a clear requirement.

"We do, however, support the case for a reduction in the rate of VAT on
refurbishment of existing housing to 5pc - the minimum rate available under
European Union rules.

"This would help homeowners maintain their own homes and encourage individuals
to purchase run-down properties and renovate them."

Landfill tax is another obstruction to the development of brownfield sites,
particularly with the removal of contaminated material and waste from urban
areas, where there is only limited tax exemption.

Mr Baird concludes: "We would urge Gordon Brown to consider seriously a far
wider exemption in order to reduce the costs of this redevelopment.

"The position at present is that grant aid may be required to offset the effect
of landfill tax. This is clearly a ridiculous outcome."

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 1998 Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd


                             826 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                    August 13, 2003 Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Hotel TIF gets OK;
 Council votes on other plans

BYLINE: Nick Kotsopoulos; TELEGRAM & GAZETTE STAFF

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 715 words

DATELINE: WORCESTER


- Key development projects in the city were advanced by the City Council last
night when it approved various agreements associated with them.

By a 10-1 vote, the council approved a tax-increment financing deal for the
Hilton Garden Inn hotel project that is planned for downtown.

Under the deal, known as a TIF, Fargo Management LLC, developer of the hotel,
will receive a 50 percent tax exemption on the increase in property value over
the duration of the 20-year agreement.

That means the developer will save about $2.6 million in property taxes during
that period. The city, meanwhile, will realize about $2.7 million in new tax
revenue from the increase in the property's value during that same period.

The TIF will go into effect July 1, 2005.

Upon completion of the TIF, the city will receive more than $300,000 in property
taxes annually from the hotel property.

Councilor-at-Large Konstantina B. Lukes cast the lone vote against the TIF. She
opposed it because she felt the city was ''too generous'' in the incentives it
gave the hotel developer for the project. She also said the $1 million the
developer will pay for the city-owned property where the hotel will be built was
not enough.

The hotel will be built on a 34,224-square-foot site where the Central Street
fire station is situated. To make way for the hotel development, equipment and
personnel in the Central Street station will be redeployed and the station will
be razed.

In another item associated with the hotel project, the council unanimously
approved a $5 million loan guarantee. While the developer has secured financing
from Banknorth of Springfield that will provide up to $17.6 million in
construction financing, it was contingent upon receiving a $5 million federal
Housing and Urban Development Loan Guarantee from the city.

Other development projects advanced by the council were:

Removal of the overhead ramp from the parking garage of the Worcester Common
Outlets mall.

The council unanimously approved a demolition agreement for the ramp that was
negotiated between the city and CIGNA Investments Inc., owner of the downtown
mall.

The demolition of the parking garage ramp, which goes over Worcester Center
Boulevard, is considered key to the redevelopment of the Washington Square --
Union Station area. Peter Pan Bus Lines Inc. intends to construct a bus terminal
for intercity transportation where the ramp is located.

The agreement also calls for the construction of a pedestrian walkway over
Worcester Center Boulevard, connecting the bus terminal to the mall, reopening a
parking garage tunnel on Franklin Street and making Franklin Street, between
Worcester Center Boulevard and Harding Street, two-way to traffic.

Conversion of the School Department maintenance building at 89 Shrewsbury St.
into a restaurant and offices.

The council unanimously authorized City Manager Thomas R. Hoover to sign a deed
conveying the school property to Condron Worcester Realty LLC. The group
includes P. Kevin Condron, president of Central Supply Co,, and Rob Ahlquist,
owner of One Eleven Chop House and Sole Proprietor restaurants.

The group will pay $300,000 for the three-story triangular building, which is on
the west end of Shrewsbury Street, near an off-ramp to Interstate 290.
Restaurant facilities are planned for the first two floors of the building and
offices on the third floor.

Authorized the city manager to solicit requests-for-proposals for G.A.R.
Memorial Hall at 55 Pearl St.

The city holds the property in trust as a memorial to the men of Worcester who
served in the Union Army and Navy during the Civil War. The G.A.R. Hall board of
trustees has custody and control of the building, but it recently voted to
declare the property no longer necessary for the purpose it was acquired and
recommended that it be transferred to the city manager for disposition.

Gave the Worcester Fire Fighters Memorial Committee permission to build a
memorial on city-owned land to the six firefighters who died battling the
Worcester Cold Storage and Warehouse Co. building fire in December 1999. The
memorial park will be on seven acres next to Fire Department headquarters on
Grove Street, bordering Salisbury Pond and across from Institute Park.

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 2003 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.


                             827 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Free Press Journal (India)

                                 March 1, 2016

Budget snippets: FM puts best foot forward

BYLINE: FPJ Bureau

LENGTH: 707  words


Finance Minister Arun Jaitley specified "nine pillars" for India, which will be
focus areas for the government. The agenda for next year is to undertake
transformative measures based on these nine pillars, Jaitley said in his speech.
The pillars listed by the Finance Minister are - agriculture, rural sector,
social sector, education and job creation, infrastructure investment, financial
sector reforms, governance and ease of doing business, fiscal discipline and tax
reforms.

KISAN CESS: Across-the-board cess of 0.5 percent on services towards farmer
welfare, which will add 50 paise for every Rs.100 one spends on food to mobile
bills. The FM, a lawyer by profession, decided to bring his fellow
practitioners, too, under the service tax net of 14 percent.

CASH SUBSIDY: The direct cash benefit transfers, currently in areas like cooking
gas, will be extended to the fertilizer sector

RECAPTAILISATION: Rs.25000 crore has been earmarked for recapitalisation of
State-run banks that are under financial stress on account of mounting bad
loans. More money will follow as and when warranted, hinted the Finance
Minister. "The budget is not the last word on this," he said, adding he was also
open to consolidation of commercial banks.

GLOBAL INVESTOR: The DFM has sent out signals to the global investor by seeking
to ease the foreign equity norms. Notably, 100 percent such equity will now be
permitted in multi-brand retailing where the produce sold has been processed and
sourced locally.

BOOST TO ENTREPRENEURSHIP: A lower corporate tax rate has been proposed for
small firms with a turnover of below Rs.5 crore, to 29 plus surcharge and cess.

FOR STARTUPS: 100 percent deduction of profits for three out of five years for
start-ups set up between April 2016 and March 2019.

CESS ON CARS: There will be one percent infrastructure cess on small petrol,
LPG, and CNG cars, 2.5 percent on diesel cars of certain capacity and four
percent on higher engine capacity vehicles and sports utility vehicles. Renaming
the Clean Energy Cess as Clean Environment Cess, the FM has proposed to increase
the rate from Rs.200 per ton to Rs.400 per ton.

EASE OF DOING BUSINESS: The FM has also announced a proposal that seeks to amend
the Companies Act for "ease of doing policy;"it will enable registration of a
new company in just one day.

HOUSING LOAN I-T DEDUCTION: The FM has allowed additional income-tax deduction
of Rs 50,000 in interest beyond the current limit of Rs 2 lakh on housing loan
up to Rs 35 lakh to the self-occupied home owners, provided house value doesn't
exceed Rs 50 lakh. Tax payers and industry were expecting Rs 1 lakh to Rs 3 lakh
more, at least in metropolitan cities, as the current limit of Rs 2 lakh is
insignificant.

AFFORDABLE HOUSING: To promote affordable housing and promote real estate
sector, which is facing a huge slowdown, the FM also exempted service tax on
construction of affordable houses up to 30 sq metres in four metros and 60 sq
metres in other cities but only to projects approved between June 2016 and March
2019 and completed within three years. Minimum alternate tax will, however,
apply on these builders. Also extended was the excise duty exemption to ready
mix concretes that is already available to the concrete mix manufactured at site
for construction.

RENT RELIEF: Tax rebate ceiling under Section 87A has been raised from Rs 2,000
to Rs 5,000 for those with annual income up to Rs 5 lakh to benefit 2 crore tax
payers; also, those living on rent will now be allowed deduction of Rs 60,000 a
year instead of Rs 24,000, but that means a rental of Rs 5,000 per month not
available in reality.

TAX DISPUTE RESOLUTION: FM has also come out with a direct tax dispute
resolution scheme to resolve income tax cases pending in courts and tribunals or
before commissioners for want of arbitration and mediation. The defaulters are
now required to pay principal tax, interest, penalty and interest on penalty.
"Now they can simply pay off principal amount and the entire interest and the
penalty can be waived off," said Revenue Secretary Hasmukh.

TAILPIECE

RACE COURSE WINS: As if to encourage horseracing, the threshold limit for tax
deducted at source for winnings from horse race has been increased to Rs.10000.

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2016 Indian National Press Bombay Ltd, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             828 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 22, 2014 Monday

Agriculture, Rural Housing Service: Loan Technician Loan Technician

LENGTH: 3107  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of Personnel Management has issued the following job announcement:

Job Title:Loan Technician

Department:Department Of Agriculture

Agency:Agriculture, Rural Housing Service

Job Announcement Number:DEU-NY-2014-5253
SALARY RANGE:
 $31,628.00 to $50,932.00 / Per Year
OPEN PERIOD:
 Monday, September 22, 2014 to Wednesday, October 1, 2014
SERIES & GRADE:
 GS-1101-05/07
POSITION INFORMATION:
 Full-Time - Permanent
PROMOTION POTENTIAL:
07
DUTY LOCATIONS:
 1 vacancy - Syracuse, NY View Map
WHO MAY APPLY:
 US Citizens and Nationals; no prior Federal experience is required.
SECURITY CLEARANCE:
 Not Applicable
SUPERVISORY STATUS:
 No
JOB SUMMARY:

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural Development Agency serves rural
communities throughout the country by investing in their communities through
housing and utility infrastructure, by increasing economic opportunity, and by
improving the quality of life for all rural Americans.  Rural Development
provides over 40 loan and grant programs in the Rural Housing and Community
Facilities Services, Rural Business and Cooperative Services, and Rural
Utilities Service. Rural Development supports a positive work environment and
promotes diversity and inclusion for nearly 5,000 employees.

Rural Development is a dynamic organization recruiting for employees who possess
the energy, compassion, and commitment to serve those in rural communities and
will enjoy working in a fast paced and results driven organization.  Our
commitment is to expand economic opportunity and quality of life in all of rural
America by providing financial programs to support essential public facilities
and services such as water and sewer systems, housing, health clinics, emergency
service facilities and electric and telephone service.  Rural Development offers
a friendly and professional working environment and such excellent benefits as:
a generous salary, alternative work schedules, paid vacation and sick leave,
paid holidays, retirement and supplemental savings plan, a wide array of health,
dental, vision, and life insurance plans, flexible spending accounts, and
long-term care insurance.

The announcement may be used to fill additional or subsequent vacancies that are
identified by the organization.

This position is being concurrently announced under Merit Promotion procedures
on NY-2014-5237.  Disabled Veterans, candidates with 3 or more years of active
duty military service, and candidates eligible for special hiring authorities
can apply to the Merit Promotion announcement if they meet criteria for the
above and include supporting documents.
TRAVEL REQUIRED

Occasional Travel
    1-5 Days

RELOCATION AUTHORIZED

No

KEY REQUIREMENTS

US Citizenship is required.
    Selective Service Registration is required for males born after 12/31/1959.
    One year probationary period required.
    Background Investigation and/or fingerprint check is required.

DUTIES:
Back to top

Provides a variety of advance services and technical support assistance to
underwriting staff in order to assist with loan making activities under Rural
Development Single Family Housing loan programs.
    Reviews application documents to insure all required information is properly
completed and obtains supplemental information from external sources to verify
employment, credit, assets and household income.
    Performs a basic financial analysis of SFH applications, identifying obvious
credit risk factors, stability of income, debt to income ratios, property loan
to value, reconciliation and review of a Residential Mortgage Credit Report.
    Furnishes basic information concerning Rural Development's Single Family
Housing loan programs and eligibility requirements.
    Prepares and reviews documentation for loan closing and issues closing
instructions to attorneys.
    Communicates orally and in writing with applicants to review their financial
situation and assist customers with application preparation.
    Performs other related advance services and technical support duties as
assigned.

QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED:
Back to top

Applicants must meet all qualifications and eligibility requirements by the
closing date of the announcement including the following specialized experience
and/or education, as identified by the grade.

For GS-05 level:  Applicants must have 1 year of specialized experience
equivalent to at least the GS-04; or its non-Federal equivalent that
demonstrates:  basic loan and/or grant processing experience such as receiving,
screening, reviewing, and verifying documents; maintaining records; compiling
information; providing readily available information orally or by written
correspondence; and applying guidelines. -----OR bachelor's or equivalent degree
or 4 full years of progressively higher level education leading to such a
degree. Equivalent combination of education and experience are qualifying for
this grade level.

For the GS-06 level:  Applicants must have 1 year of specialized experience
equivalent to at least the GS-5; or its non-Federal equivalent that
demonstrates: providing information on mortgage loan and/or grant programs;
accepting and verifying loan and/or grant matters; maintaining various program
reports of loan and/or grant activities; and ensuring current information is
included in the resource database.  There is no substitution of education for
experience at the GS-6 level.

For GS-07: Applicants must have 1 year of specialized experience equivalent to
at least the GS-06; or its non-Federal equivalent that demonstrates: assignments
involving the application of mortgage and/or commercial loans and/or grants
examining, and/or servicing principles, theories methods, and techniques as they
apply to the investigation, analysis, and evaluation of financial factors and
credit risks in relation to reviewing loans for determining eligibility.  There
is no substitution of education for experience at the GS-7 level.

NOTE: To be considered for this position, you must meet all qualification and
eligibility requirements for the GS-1101 series set forth in the Office of
Personnel management (OPM) Qualification Standards by the closing date of the
announcement. A copy is available at:
http://www.opm.gov/qualifications/index.asp.


o  May be subject to satisfactory completion of one year probationary or trial
period.
o  Have your salary sent to a financial institution of your choice by Direct
Deposit/Electronic Funds Transfer.
o  If you are newly hired, the documentation you present for purposes of
completing the Department Homeland Security (DHS) Form I-9 on your entry-on-duty
date will be verified through the DHS "E-VERIFY" system. Federal law requires
the use of E-VERIFY to confirm the employment eligibility of all new hires.
Under this system, the new hire is required to resolve any identified
discrepancies as a condition of continued employment.
o  To be eligible for appointment to this position, the new hire must be cleared
to come on board once the results of the fingerprint check, review of the
OF-306, Declaration for Federal Employment, and the candidate's Electronic
Questionnaires for Investigations Processing (eQIP) entries have been reviewed
and determined to be satisfactory.  This position requires a favorable credit
check as part of the background investigation.
o  Selectee must be able to obtain and maintain a security clearance. If
selected you may be subject to a National Agency Check and Inquiry (NACI) and a
credit report inquiry.
HOW YOU WILL BE EVALUATED:

The category rating procedure is used to rank and select eligible candidates.
Under category rating, applicants who meet basic minimum qualification
requirements established for the position and whose job related competencies
have been assessed are ranked by being placed in one of the following
categories: Best Qualified, Well Qualified, and Qualified. Preference eligibles
are listed ahead of non-preference eligibles within each category.
    You will be evaluated based on your qualifications for this position as
evidenced by the education, experience, and training you described in your
application package, as well as the responses to the Occupational Questionnaire
to determine the degree to which you possess the knowledge, skills, abilities
and competencies listed below:

Knowledge of loan and/or grant making and servicing policies and procedures
        Skill in planning, scheduling, and organizing work
        Knowledge of computer applications
        Oral communication
        Written communication
        Office skills

We will review your application, including the online Occupational
Questionnaire, to ensure you meet the job requirements and assess your ability
to perform this job. Before any certificate can be issued to the selecting
official, the resume and supporting documents are reviewed by an HR Specialist
to ensure that (a) minimum qualification requirements are met and (b) the resume
supports the answers provided to the job-specific questions. Your answers will
be verified against information provided in your online resume and application.
Be sure that your resume clearly supports your responses to all the questions
addressing experience and education relevant to this position.

Note: If, after reviewing your resume and / or supporting documentation, a
determination is made that you have inflated your qualifications and or
experience, your score can / will be lowered to more accurately reflect the
submitted documentation. Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or
omissions may affect your rating. Deliberate attempts to falsify information may
be grounds for not selecting you.

To view the application form, visit:
https://rhs.usda.ntis.gov/cp/?event=jobs.previewApplication&jobid=67405f52-973c-
4dde-8ec7-a3a900c8aa80

BENEFITS:
Back to top
The Federal Government offers a comprehensive benefits package.  Explore the
major benefits offered to most Federal employees at:
http://www.usajobs.gov/ResourceCenter/Index/Interactive/Benefits#icc .

OTHER INFORMATION:

If you are a male applicant born after December 31, 1959, certify that you have
registered with the Selective Service System or are exempt from having to do so.

    BACKGROUND INVESTIGATION AND FINGERPRINT CHECK: Selection and retention in
this position is contingent on a successfully adjudicated FBI National Criminal
History Check (fingerprint check) and a background investigation.
    Career Transition Assistance Plan(CTAP) or Interagency Career Transition
Assistance Plan (ICTAP): If you are claiming CTAP/ICTAP eligibility, provide
proof of eligibility to include your most recent performance appraisal, SF-50,
and proof of eligibility such as a RIF separation notice or letter from OPM/your
agency. CTAP/ICTAP eligibles will be considered well-qualified if achieving a
rating of Well Qualified or above. Information about CTAP/ICTAP eligibility is
on OPM's Career Transition Resources website at
http://www.opm.gov/ctap/index.asp.
    If you are selected for a position with further promotion potential, you
will be placed under a career development plan, and may be non-competitively
promoted if you successfully complete the requirements and if recommended by
management. However, promotion is neither implied nor guaranteed.
    Relocation expenses are not authorized.
    This is a bargaining unit designated position.
    This position is eligible for telework and other flexible work arrangements.
Employee participation is at the discretion of the supervisor.
    Persons with disabilities who require alternative means for communication of
program information (Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.) should contact:
USDA's TARGET Center at 202-720-2600 (voice and TDD).


HOW TO APPLY:
Back to top

Please read the entire announcement and all the instructions before you begin.
The following instructions outline our application process.

You must complete this application process and submit all required documents
electronically by 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time (ET) on the closing date of this
announcement.
    We are available to assist you during business hours (normally 8:00 a.m. -
4:00 p.m., Monday - Friday). If you cannot apply online, call the number listed
under Agency Contact Information prior to the closing date to request a hard
copy of the complete application package.  Application packages will be sent to
applicant.  The completed package along with any required supporting documents
must be received in the HR Office by the closing date of the announcement.  No
extension will be granted.
    This agency provides reasonable accommodation to applicants with
disabilities on a case-by-case basis. Please contact us if you require this for
any part of the application and hiring process.

Step 1: Create a USAJOBS account (if you do not already have one) at
www.usajobs.gov. It is recommended that as part of your profile you set up
automatic email notification to be informed when the status of your application
changes. If you choose not to set up this automatic notification, then you will
have to log into your USAJOBS account to check on the status of your
application.

Step 2: Create a Resume with USAJOBS or upload a Resume into your USAJOBS
account. You may want to customize your resume to ensure it documents duties and
accomplishments you have gained that are directly related to this position in
order to verify that qualifications are met. In addition, your resume must
support your responses to the online questionnaire (you may preview the online
questionnaire by clicking on the link at the end of the How You Will Be
Evaluated section of the job announcement).

Step 3: Click "Apply Online" and follow the prompts to complete the Occupational
Questionnaire and attach any additional documents that may be required.

You can update your application or documents anytime while the announcement is
open. Simply log into your USAJOBS account and click on "Application Status."
Click on the position title, and then select "Update Application" to continue.


REQUIRED DOCUMENTS:

You must submit a complete Application Package, prior to 11:59, ET, on the
closing date of this announcement.  The following documents must be submitted
for your application package to be considered complete. It is your
responsibility to ensure all required documents are received within the required
timeframes. Our office cannot be responsible for incompatible software,
illegible fax transmissions, delays in the mail service, system failure or
downtime, etc. Failure to submit required, legible documents may result in loss
of consideration.

Resume that includes the following information: 1) job information for which you
are applying; 2) personal information; 3) education; 4) work experience
including the work schedule and hours worked per week as well as dates of
employment; and title, series and grade if applicable; 5) supervisors phone
number and e-mail address for each work period listed and whether or not we may
contact them for reference checks; and, 6) other qualifications.
    College Transcripts if education is required for meeting basic
qualifications and/or you are substituting education for specialized experience
and/or if you are using education to meet the criteria for the quality category.
An unofficial copy is sufficient with the application; however, if selected, an
official college transcript will be required prior to entering on duty.  All
foreign education must be evaluated by an accrediting body recognized by the US
Department of Education.
    DD-214 (Member 4 Copy) if claiming Veterans' Preference. Veterans claiming
10 point preference must also submit an SF-15 Application for 10-point Veteran
Preference. Current Active Duty members must submit a certification that they
are expected to be discharged or released from active duty under honorable
conditions not later than 120 days after the date the certification is
submitted.
    Other required documents may include:
        CTAP/ICTAP Required Documentation Reduction-In-Force: Certification of
Expected Separation, Reduction-In-Force Separation Notice, or Notice of Proposed
Removal; AND most recent performance evaluation; AND SF-50 demonstrating your
separation or the position you will be separated from.
        Worker's Compensation Separation: Agency certification of inability to
place employee AND Notification of Separation OR Separation SF-50.
        Disability Annuity Termination: Notification from OPM of disability
annuity termination AND Separation SF-50 of the last position held. Military
Reserve or National Guard Technician Special Disability Retirement Annuity under
5 U.S.C. 8337(h) or 8456: Certification of special disability retirement annuity
from a military department or National Guard Bureau AND Separation SF-50 of the
last position held.

NOTE: If a document is resubmitted, it replaces the previous submission, which
means the previous document is no longer available to the Human Resources
Office. If you are adding to, rather than replacing a previous submission, you
must upload both the old document and the new document. Please verify that
documents you are uploading from USAJOBs transfer into the Agency's staffing
system as there is a limitation to the number of documents that can be
transferred. However, once in the Agency's staffing system, you will have the
opportunity to upload additional documents. Uploaded resumes must be less than
3MB and in one of the following document formats: GIF, JPG, JPEG, PNG, RTF, PDF,
or Word (DOC or DOCX).


AGENCY CONTACT INFO:
Tomiko Starling
Phone: (202) 692-0362
Fax: (202) 692-0218
Email: tomiko.starling@wdc.usda.gov
Agency Information:
USDA - Rural Development
DEU
Please read entire announcement,
00000
USA
Fax: (202) 692-0218
WHAT TO EXPECT NEXT:
If you set up your USAJOBS account to send automatic email notifications, you
will receive an email acknowledging: 1) the submission of your online
Occupational Questionnaire and resume was successful,  2) if you were referred
to the selecting official for consideration, and  3) if you were selected or not
selected. If you choose not to set up automatic email notifications, you must
check your USAJOBS account for the latest status of your application. Your
application may be reviewed to verify that you meet the qualifications and
eligibility requirements for the position prior to issuing lists to a selecting
official. If further evaluation or interviews are required, you will be
contacted. Normally, a final job offer to the selected candidate is made within
30-60 days after the issuance of the certificate.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             829 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 EKantipur.com

                             June 25, 2015 Thursday

India, China indicate huge aid pledges

LENGTH: 722 words

DATELINE: KATHMANDU


KATHMANDU, June 25 -- Nepal is expected to receive a major boost from India and
China at the International Conference on Nepal's Reconstruction-2015 on
Thursday, with the two immediate neighbours indicating substantive aid pledges
for its reconstruction efforts after the devastating April 25 earthquake and its
aftershocks.

The highest-profile international donor conference ever held in the country has
drawn more than 300 delegates from 60 nations, development partners and donor
community.

Immediately after their arrival, Indian Minister for Foreign Affairs Sushma
Swaraj and Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi held separate meetings with Prime
Minister Sushil Koirala, where they pledged substantive assistance to Nepal.

Sources privy to the development told the Post that India is likely to announce

$1 billion in assistance that includes both grant and soft loan for Nepal's
reconstruction efforts. "Of the total Indian assistance,

Rs 40 billion will come as grant and Rs 60 billion as soft loan," said a senior
official at Prime Minister's Office.

Similarly, China is likely to commit Rs 60 billion in the form of grant and soft
loan. The government has sought Chinese assistance for rebuilding of the roads
connecting Kathmandu to Rasuwagadhi and Tatopani, which were badly damaged by
the earthquake, besides rebuilding houses in rural areas.

The Indian side has yet to indicate its contribution in particular sectors, but
officials said that India is willing to rebuild one of the heritage sites in
Kathmandu.

The US, the EU and Japan are the other major donors likely to announce huge
assistance pledge during the International Conference on Nepal's Reconstruction
on Thursday, according to PMO officials. "The US has promised to provide $130
million and the EU is likely to pledge $100-150 million," said an official. The
Post-Disaster Needs Assessment estimates that

$7 billion will be needed for reconstruction. Ministers and senior government
officials state that they hope to receive pledges of around $3 billion at the
conference.

Although Japan has remained tight lipped about its pledge, sources said Japanese
assistance could be in the range of $300-400 million. These pledges are new
commitments from the donors and development partners for Nepal's reconstruction
bid.

The two multilateral donors-World Bank and Asian Development Bank (ADB)-have
already pledged $500million and $200million for Nepal's reconstruction and
rehabilitation projects. The ADB has expressed interest in the education sector,
reconstruction of government buildings and rural roads, while the World Bank
will be focusing on rural housing and settlements.

Though the donors have shown willingness to help Nepal recover from the
disaster, they are quite apprehensive about the government's ability to use the
pledged money efficiently.

Finance Ministry officials have, however, said the government will assure the
donors that the aid

money would be mobilised transparently through the prime minister-led National
Reconstruction Authority

set up this week through an ordinance.

While the government expects to channelise much of the aid money through the
National Reconstruction Fund, the donors will also be allowed to channelise aid
through I/NGOs as long as they coordinate with the government, the officials
said. "We have adopted one-door policy with multiple windows," said Finance
Secretary Suman Sharma.

Govinda Raj Pokharel, vice-chairman of the National Planning Commission, is more
forthcoming in a bid to clear any mistrust between the government and donors.
"As mentioned in the ordinance, the government will include donors as observers
to monitor the works of Reconstruction Authority," Pokharel said. Bangladeshi
Finance Minister Abdulmaal A Muth, Norwegian Foreign Minister Borge Brende and
Japanese State Minister for Foreign Affairs Hinoru Kiuchi also met PM Koirala on
Wednesday.

Thanking them for the help they extended to Nepal in the immediate aftermath of
the earthquake, Koirala said reconstruction works and

the constitution writing will go ahead simultaneously. "I am confident that we
will be successful on the both fronts," he said.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from EKantipur.com. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 Kantipur Publications Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             830 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        San Bernardino Sun (California)

                            January 22, 2010 Friday

Rialto looks for loan for sports complex

BYLINE: Josh Dulaney, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 270 words


RIALTO - The city might apply for a multimillion-dollar federal loan to pay for
a new sports facility at a shuttered middle school.

A $4.3 million Sec. 108 Loan under the Department of Housing and Urban
Development would fund the project at the old Rialto Middle School at 324 N.
Palm Ave.

Councilman Joe Baca Jr. has pushed for the project for the last three years.

"This would be a landmark park if we could make it happen," Baca said.

The project would include basketball courts, bleachers, ball fields, a track, a
snack stand and new lighting spread over seven acres.

The city is leasing the property from the Rialto Unified School District for 50
years. The site has hosted several sports programs and recreational events.

Sec. 108 is a loan guarantee provision of the Community Development Block Grant
program that provides funding for redevelopment projects in neighborhoods
needing renewal.

"It's in the heart of the city, one of the poorest parts of the city (and would)
provide good opportunities for our youth," Baca said.

The loan would be repaid from the city's annual allocation of CDBG funds.

The city's current allocation is more than $1.3 million each year, according to
a staff report. The city sets aside $252,191 each year to pay off a previous
loan that funded the Senior Center. Officials said that loan will be paid off in
2022.

The estimated annual payment for the new loan is $295,000.

Officials will discuss the issue at a City Council meeting on Feb. 9. The
council meets in open session at 6 p.m. at the Civic Center, 150 S. Palm Ave.

Information: 909-820-2525

josh.dulaney@inlandnewspapers.com
909-386-3885

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             831 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                           October 28, 2015 Wednesday

Fifteen stocks in focus in Tuesday's trade

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 627 words


NEW DELHI: Indian markets are expected to trade in a range on Tuesday tracking
muted trend seen in other Asian markets.

Monday's move in the market has given rise to skepticism. Despite of the
positive start and strong global cues, the Nifty was not able to hold onto its
crucial level of 8,300.

"We replicate from the earlier hypothesis - Last week Nifty has been
inconclusive, however one must not forget that the spring is coiling; and
wherever it opens, the impact could be a good momentum," GEPL Capital said in a
report.

"The upper end of the resistance band now stands @ 8320-8370. This breakout
level may open gates for even 8535-8625. On the flip side, a correction may
ensue, if 8215 stands violated," added the report.

Here is a list of fifteen stocks which are likely to remain in focus today:

Maruti Suzuki India Ltd: The automaker is expected to report 42 per cent YoY
increase in net profit to Rs 1225 crore for the quarter ended September 30,
compared to Rs 863 crore reported in the year-ago period, said an ET Now poll.

Bharti Airtel Ltd: The telecom operator could spend an additional $200-400
million in capex for India on 3G and 4G sites in this fiscal year to March 31,
2016, its top official said Monday.

Indiabulls Housing Finance Ltd: The company reduced home loans rates by 10 basis
point to 9.55% for a limited period as a festival offer and waived off the
processing fee for loans upto Rs 28 lakhs.

Aviation stocks will be in focus: IndiGo's parent InterGlobe Aviation will hit
the capital markets on Tuesday to raise Rs 3,018 crore through its initial
public offering. The operator of the profitable no-frills carrier IndiGo has set
a price band for the public offer at Rs 700-765.

UPL Ltd: Agri-chemicals major UPL reported an 11.53 per cent rise in its
consolidated net profit at Rs 185.21 crore for the quarter ended on September
30, on account of increase in income.

REC Ltd: State-run Rural Electrification Corp said it plans to raise Rs 700
crore through public issue of tax-free non-convertible bonds.

Crompton Greaves Ltd: The company is selling its power systems business in
Canada to PTI Holdings Corporation for Candaian dollar 20 million.

Blue Star Ltd: Air-conditioner maker Blue Star reported a standalone loss of Rs
5.79 crore for the second quarter ended September 30, 2015 on account of
exceptional loss.

State Bank of Mysore Ltd: The bank reported 30 per cent jump in net profit to Rs
131.98 crore for the July-September quarter on the back of fall in NPAs as well
as lower provisioning for bad loans and contingencies.

Entertainment Network (India) Ltd: ENIL, operator of the country's largest FM
radio channel Radio Mirchi, on Monday posted a 16 per cent jump in quarterly net
profit, helped by growth in listenership across regions.

Nestle India Ltd: Nestle, the world's largest packaged food company, plans to
resume sales of Maggi noodles in India in November, a spokesman for the Swiss
group said on Monday.

Gujarat Apollo Industries Ltd: The company informed BSE that a meeting of the
Board of Directors of the Company will be held on November 05, 2015, inter alia,
to consider Buyback of equity shares of the Company.

Raymond Ltd: Textiles major Raymond on Monday said workers at its Chhindwara
plant in Madhya Pradesh have gone on strike.

Den Networks Ltd: The Reserve Bank of India has allowed foreign investors to
raise their stake up to 74 per cent in DEN Networks.

Sterling Holiday Resort Ltd: Thomas Cook-owned Sterling Holiday Resort has
signed an agreement to acquire full stake in Mumbai-based adventure holiday
company Nature Trails Resorts Private Ltd for an undisclosed sum as part of its
plans to diversify into newer focus segments such as adventure tourism and
jungle camping.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             832 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Day (New London, Connecticut)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             June 18, 2015 Thursday

USDA: North Stonington should not use town inspector for EMS building project

BYLINE: Lindsay Boyle, The Day, New London, Conn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 495 words


June 18--NORTH STONINGTON -- When the job opening for the next needed position
for the new $6.36 million emergency services building -- a clerk of the works
for phase two -- closed May 20, there were five applicants.

Members of the Emergency Services Building Committee quickly were able to weed
out three who, Vice Chairman Joe Cassata said, did not meet the position's
requirements.

The remaining two are Lou DiCesare II, the town's building inspector, and Stadia
Engineering Associates Inc., the group performing the clerk of the works duty
for phase one of the project.

Initially, members of the building committee and First Selectman Nick Mullane
were leaning toward choosing DiCesare, whom Stonington recently fired from his
former position as highway manager.

That would mean combining the clerk of the works, who oversees the work site
each day, and the building inspector, who checks that things have been done
properly as needed, into one position.

Mullane repeatedly has said choosing DiCesare would save about $40,000. But
Cassata on Tuesday night said only Stadia sent the committee an official
proposal with expected rates.

DiCesare "did not submit payroll or cost per hour," Cassata said, calling the
$40,000 "speculation."

From the outset, Selectman Bob Testa has asked if combining the two roles would
eliminate a crucial check and balance.

Because the new building likely will be financed by a $6.3 million set interest
rate USDA rural development loan, committee members deferred the question to
USDA area loan specialist Norman St Jean.

But there have been several emails and many questions asked, including whether
it would be a problem to have the town building inspector be the building
inspector for the emergency services project.

"We believe it to be an unacceptable conflict for the inspector to be inspecting
the job he is supervising," St Jean wrote in an email Monday morning without
specifying to which position or positions he was referring. "This Agency
declines the request."

When contacted Wednesday, St Jean, after a lengthy discussion, said the USDA
would see it as a conflict if the town's building inspector was also building
inspector for the project. But he added that he hasn't seen a town lose USDA
loan money for any reason.

St Jean said he had no comment regarding what the USDA thinks about combining
the clerk of the works and the building inspector positions.

"What the town decides to do, we will have to look at it and see if we can
approve it or not," he said.

Cassata asked project manager Peter Springsteel Monday to have a conference call
with the selectmen, USDA representatives and any lawyers involved "to resolve
this once and for all."

Cassata said he wants to make a final decision regarding the clerk of the works
at the committee's Thursday meeting.

l.boyle@theday.com

Twitter: @LindsayABoyle

___ (c)2015 The Day (New London, Conn.) Visit The Day (New London, Conn.) at
www.theday.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20150618-NL-USDA-North-Stonington-should-not-use-town-inspector-for-EMS-building
-project-0618-20150618

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NL


                             Copyright 2015 The Day


                             833 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             The Observer (London)

                                January 14, 2007

Cash: A leg-up for locals who need a home: Lisa Bachelor on a innovative way to
keep rural housing affordable for low-income families

BYLINE: Lisa Bachelor

SECTION: OBSERVER CASH PAGES; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 753 words


HOW DO YOU keep affordable housing affordable? While it's possible to control
the cost of a home the first time it goes on sale, as the property is sold on it
reverts to the normal market price.

While this is great for vendors, as it provides them with cash for a deposit for
their next home, it invariably takes the price beyond the pockets of those the
property was originally meant for.

But now councils across Britain are starting to consider a new way to get around
this conundrum - community land trusts. CLTs are not-for-profit organisations
which buy land and capture its value for an indefinite period for the benefit of
the local community. Long-term, affordable property can then be built on it,
with buyers paying only for the house itself, not the land; this still belongs
to the trust.

Local authorities have the power to dispose of land below market value for the
benefit of communities, and several schemes have been kick-started by farm ers
and landowners willing to sell their land at below market price for the benefit
of the community.

The Conservative party, which is to set up a working party to investigate the
expansion of CLTs, believes they could be used to halve the cost of new homes.
Shadow housing minister Michael Gove says: 'There are rural landowners who are
interested in providing an equity stake to people living in their community, and
there is government land, such as MoD and NHS land, that might be suitable but,
for a variety of reasons, has not become available for CLTs. But there are a
number of interlocking problems which have stunted the growth of these trusts.'

Stonesfield Community Trust was registered as a charity in 1983 by Tony Crofts
and two friends in west Oxfordshire in what had been a mining village in the
19th century. They did it in response to rising house prices, which they saw
were threatening the age pro file, social mix and economic range of the local
population. 'As anyone who has recently taken out buildings insurance will know,
the rebuild cost of a house is usually less than half the price paid for the
property,' says Crofts. 'Only by taking the land into some form of public
ownership can you take that out of the value of a transaction.'

Under the Stonesbridge model, all the houses are rented rather than sold to
members of the local community. The revenue from rent pays off loans used to
fund part of the project and the surplus funding services for the community.

Cornwall, meanwhile, has become the first county to set up a project to oversee
the development of CLTs. The two-year project, which began last April, is funded
by the Tudor Trust, the county council, the Cornwall Rural Housing Association
and Defra. It is run by the country's first full-time CLT project manager, Alan
Fox, who says: 'Sites have been identified and landowners found who will sell
their land at a discount, but all projects are still at planning permission
stage.'

Part of the project is being funded through council tax on second homes, and all
the agreements being drawn up specify that those buying through the trust must
have a local connection. The plan is that at least some of these will be sold on
an equity-share basis, with resale prices capped at below market price.

For example, if a property was being sold through the trust for £ 100,000, the
buyer could take out a mortgage on 75 per cent of that, with the rest owned by
the trust. If at resale the open market value had risen to £ 180,000, under a
CLT resale formula the sale would pay off the owner's £ 75,000 mortgage as well
as entitling them to 25 per cent of the increase in value, or £ 20,000. The
remaining equity would stay with the trust and allow the next owner to buy the
property for £ 95,000, the sum of the first buyer's mortgage and their equity
share.

'A CLT resale formula can be designed to provide enough equity - it increases in
line with the open market - for the outgoing household to have a deposit to go
on to full ownership and to subsidise the price for the incoming household,'
says Richard Clarke of the Building and Social Housing Foundation.

'It's a question of "half a loaf or no bread" for families who could not get on
the housing ladder otherwise. They are not going to get rich from a CLT, but
they can get enough equity to help them on their way.'

For more information, contact:

The CLT website, run by Salford University: www.communitylandtrust.org.uk.

Cornwall Rural Housing Association: www.crha.org.uk.

The Building and Social Housing Foundation: www.bshf.org.uk.


LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 Guardian Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             834 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              May 29, 2001 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Locke Journal;
Rescue Mission Is Planned for a Rural Chinatown

BYLINE:  By EVELYN NIEVES

SECTION: Section A; Column 1; National Desk; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 715 words

DATELINE: LOCKE, Calif., May 24


Main Street looks like the set of a Hollywood western. The dusty sidewalks are
made of wood, the one- and two-story clapboard buildings weathered gray, the
railings on the second-floor balconies so rickety that it seems one hard rain
could knock them down altogether.

But Locke, 50 or so buildings and maybe 70 residents on barely 10 acres along
the levee of the Sacramento River, is greater than the sum of its parts. Its
charms -- the one-room schoolhouse, the (very) general store, the old Star
Theater and Main Street itself -- are obvious. Not to mention that its place in
the history of Chinese immigration to the United States is unique and secure.

The hamlet, listed as a National Historic Landmark in 1990, is the only
all-Chinese town in the United States planned and built by Chinese immigrants.
It is also the last of what were once dozens of rural Chinese enclaves in
California.

At one time, the wooden sidewalks and narrow dirt Main Street teemed with
humanity -- several hundred to 1,000 Chinese residents and merchants who built
Locke themselves. They were the first and second generation of immigrants who
came to California looking for gold only to end up as laborers, building the
railroads and, later, the levees that reclaimed thousands of acres of Sacramento
River marshland for agriculture.

Locke was built in 1915, after a fire in the Chinatown of nearby Walnut Grove.
Rather than try to rebuild their homes there, a group of Chinese went to a large
landowner, George Locke, and asked to lease land for a settlement among his pear
orchards.

But while the Chinese owned the buildings, they were prevented from owning the
land under them by California's Alien Land Act of 1913. And herein lies this
tale: as the town's buildings and infrastructure aged, residents were unable to
make repairs because they could not secure bank loans without title to the land.
Many rented their properties for nearly nothing and left.

In 1977, a group of investors from Hong Kong, the Locke Development Group,
bought the land with grand plans to create a historic cultural attraction. (The
Alien Land Act was repealed in the 1950's.) But the plans were thwarted because
the group owned the land, but not the buildings, which by then had passed
through several hands. Over the years, the town's sewer system reached the point
of near collapse.

Locke faced a virtual death sentence: a state order requiring that it be vacated
unless the sewage system was repaired, a job that would cost at least $1
million.

But last week, after years of discussions on how to rescue the dying hamlet, the
Sacramento County Board of Supervisors voted 5 to 0 to approve a $250,000 plan
to buy the land from the Locke Development Group.

"This gives us final authority to go ahead with the plan, which needs to be put
in place by the end of the year," said William Boyer, a spokesman for the
county's Housing and Redevelopment Agency. "This will save the last rural
Chinatown in the nation."

Under the rescue plan, the Housing and Redevelopment Agency will buy the land
beneath Locke and make the sewer repairs with the aid of state and federal
financing. It then plans to sell the land to the building owners.

For Connie King, the last of the residents born in Locke, the rescue was a long
time coming. "I've been waiting for this day for more than 40 years," Ms. King
said after the county's vote.

Locke's population is now largely white, though Chinese-Americans still own most
of the buildings. The hope here is that once the repairs are made and the county
puts the land up for sale, the descendants of Locke's builders will come back --
if not as residents, at least as merchants or stakeholders in its heritage.

A sprinkling of gift shops, galleries and two restaurants serve a trickle of
tourists, but planners think Locke could become a strong regional attraction, if
not an international one.

Shao Peng Cai, who came here from San Francisco, is counting on a comeback. The
other day, with the sun over the Delta feeling more like high summer than late
spring, the restaurant she and her husband bought a year ago, Locke Garden
Chinese Restaurant, was empty. But she says she is sure that will change once
the town gets its facelift.

"It is so beautiful here," she said. "Everyone will want to come here."

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: "I've been waiting for this day for more than 40 years," Connie
King, the last of the residents born in Locke, said of the plan to save the
hamlet. (Don Preisler for The New York Times) Map of California highlighing
Locke: Locke, Calif., was planned and built by Chinese immigrants.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2001 The New York Times Company


                             835 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       Telegram & Gazette (Massachusetts)

                      July 14, 2001 Saturday, ALL EDITIONS

Land buy paves way for club, new fields

BYLINE: Bronislaus B. Kush; TELEGRAM & GAZETTE STAFF

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. A2

LENGTH: 286 words

DATELINE: WORCESTER



- The Main South Community Development Corporation has finished acquiring
properties along Tainter Street for a new Boys & Girls Club and athletic fields
for Clark University.

The new clubhouse and fields are part of a $32 million revitalization plan for
the area of Gardner, Kilby and Hammond streets in the neighborhood.

The acquisition of the 7.5 acres allows the CDC to seek federal loans through
the city for demolition, cleanup and other related costs.

With a possible site in hand, Boys & Girls Club officials will also be able to
officially launch a capital campaign to build a new clubhouse.

The CDC and other partners in the overall revitalization project will formally
announce the land acquisitions Monday at the opening of the new Center for
Community Revitalization at 875 Main St.

That center will house the CDC's new offices, as well as a police alert center,
a day care center, and an employment skills training center.

The fields and the clubhouse, now located on Ionic Avenue, will be constructed
along Tainter Street near the railroad tracks.

The CDC was able to purchase the property through a $3.95 million loan offered
by an insurance collaborative for inner-city development projects. It was backed
by a city-approved federal loan guarantee, as well as a $1 million grant from
the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development.

Paul V. LaCava, assistant city manager for neighborhood services, said City
Manager Thomas R. Hoover will update the City Council about the project and will
ask councilors to approve another $2 million in loan guarantees for cleanup of
the Tainter Street properties, some of which are occupied by blighted factory
buildings.

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 2001 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.


                             836 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The West Briton

                                 March 26, 2009

Carrick goes out on a high as new era in local government begins;
Carrick District Council was created as a result of the Local Government Act
1972, in place of Truro Rural District Council, Truro City Council, and Falmouth
and Penryn Town Councils.

SECTION: Pg. 32

LENGTH: 1468 words


1974: District council established

Its name is a reference to the Carrick Roads that adjoin all four areas.  Its
logo, the 'Carrick bend' knot, was chosen in a public competition, won by Truro
harbourmaster Captain J Whitehouse.

The first chairman was Harry Hicks, a rural district and county councillor, and
the first chief executive - one of only four Carrick has had - was Peter Dorey,
former clerk and chief executive of Truro Rural District Council.

1976:   Council offices built

THE new council's staff were initially divided between offices of the four
outgoing authorities, as no single office was big enough for the new council.

Work on Carrick's new offices at Pydar Street in Truro began in 1976 and they
were extended in 1983. A land-swap deal ensured the new building was constructed
loan-free, at no cost to the taxpayer.

1976 to '83:  Penryn Housing Action Area

IN THE late 1970s, the council recognised that a large number of properties in
Penryn were badly in need of refurbishment and half of homes lacked an inside
toilet, fixed bath, or even hot water.

To regenerate the area, Carrick and central government co-funded a grant scheme,
helping local homeowners to improve their properties. It proved to be the most
successful of its kind in the UK.

Hundreds of properties were improved, and a new influx of young families were
attracted to the area. The scheme was a forerunner of equally successful schemes
in Falmouth and Penryn 20 years later.

1977:  Queen's Silver Jubilee tour

ON August 6, 1977, Carrick welcomed  the Queen, as she began a tour to mark her
Silver Jubilee. Arriving in Falmouth on the royal yacht Britannia, the Queen and
Prince Philip went on to visit Penryn and Truro, before moving on to other parts
of the county.

Some 25 years later, the royal couple repeated the visit during to mark the
Golden Jubilee.  Among other attractions, they witnessed ongoing construction at
the National Maritime Museum, and were presented with a specially-commissioned
paperweight and a book by Phil Rowe celebrating the Cornish environment.

1983 to '84: Operation Minecap

SINCE 1979, an exhaustive search of the Carrick area revealed some 2,538 disused
mineshafts; and in 1983, the council embarked upon a huge, million-pound
operation to make them safe.

In response to concerns about endangered bat species living in the mineshafts,
Carrick engineer Ken Quimby designed an innovative 'bat castle' device for use
in the most sensitive sites.

The device made the shafts safe while allowing bats to come and go freely and so
impressed the Department of the Environment that it awarded  a £40,000 grant to
encourage their further development and use.

1986:  Viaduct multi-storey car park

HAVING secured funding for a multi-storey car park for the district, the loss of
a planning inquiry in Falmouth, left Carrick with just one year to find an
alternative site, and complete planning and construction - or hand the money
back.

Determined the funds would not be lost, the council pulled out all the stops to
create the new Viaduct car park in time, at a budget price of £885,000. To
celebrate the opening, an exhibition called Motorcarrick '86 brought local
traders and motor enthusiasts together on the site.

1987: Truro Leisure Centre

ALTHOUGH the decision to replace Truro's swimming pool was taken as far back as
1987, it took until 1996 for the new leisure centre to be completed.

The centre has provided a state-of-the-art facility, with six-lane swimming
pool, learner pool, full disabled access, sports hall and air-conditioned
fitness suite.

It has also incorporated impressive 'green' features, including water
harvesting, and was one of the first pools of its kind to use ultra-violet water
purification instead of chlorine.

1988:  Council acquires Wheal Kitty

HAVING been abandoned for almost 60 years, the 17th century mine at Wheal Kitty,
St Agnes, became a place of work once again, thanks to Carrick's  efforts over
an 18-year period.

Over two project phases, the council has worked with various partners and
funders to redevelop the old industrial site into a series of thriving rural
workshops and business units, while protecting the listed structures for future
generations.

1993:  Ships and Castles opens

FALMOUTH'S Ships and Castles leisure centre was a landmark £3.7 million project
at a time when it was rare for local authorities to build  facilities.

With an iconic design reflecting the area's maritime heritage, the centre's
prominent location on Pendennis headland was controversial, but has proven a
great success. The centre now welcomes some 120,000 visitors a year.

1996:  Beacon Project

THIS three-year project in Penwerris, Falmouth was created to make use of
government funding to help one of the district's most deprived areas.

The partnership took an innovative approach for the time, working in
co-operation with local people, rather than dictating what would happen. The
results were startling, with reductions in burglaries, improvements in people's
health, and a noticeable "feel-good factor" reported in the  area.

As a result of its achievements, the partnership was honoured in 1998 with the
Nye Bevan Award for Excellence - the highest national award available to a
health initiative.  Guest of honour at the opening was the then Prime Minister
Tony Blair.

Lessons learned in Falmouth's Beacon Project are now widely acknowledged to be a
cornerstone of health policy nationally.

1999:  Falmouth First Stop Shop

IN FEBRUARY 1999, Carrick became the first council in Cornwall to open a 'first
stop shop', broadening access to its services.

The new office, serving residents in the south of the district, enabled local
people to talk about housing, benefits and planning services without travelling
to Truro.

The facility was an immediate success, and has now become the blueprint for the
way One Cornwall will deliver local services in all Cornwall's major towns.

1999:  Eclipse preparations

CARRICK helped local people and businesses to make the most of the eclipse by
producing a special guide to the once-in-a-lifetime event.

As well as offering safety tips and a guide to the phenomenon, the guide
answered such practical questions as "How will our roads be affected?" and "How
can I rent out my house?"

2004:  Don't dump it, bump it

THE Council's new recycling collection service, with reusable kerbside sacks and
boxes, was introduced in May 2004.

The move saw Carrick's recycling performance shoot up from 12% to 30% within a
year - well over the Government's 25% target.

The district has continued to lead the county in recycling, with usage growing
every year.

In 2008, some 15,000 tonnes - the weight of 10 jumbo jets - was diverted away
from landfill:  35.9% of total waste.

2004:  Carrick rated 'good' by Audit Commission

IN 2004, an in-depth inspection by the Audit Commission scored Carrick top of
all Cornwall's districts, making it one of just two to achieve the 'good'
rating.

2006:  Bus back registration scheme

CARRICK took an unusual approach to its annual electoral registration canvass in
2006, by advertising on the back of local buses.

The campaign, encouraging local residents to register to vote, resulted in an
additional 5,700 forms being received; around an 8% increase.

2008  Funchal 500 Tall Ships Regatta

CARRICK has been actively involved in each of the three tall ships' visits
during its existence.

The races have attracted hundreds of thousands of visitors to the area, spending
tens of millions of pounds in the local economy.

In 1982, the race was started by the Duke of Edinburgh from the deck of the
council's dredger, Reclaim.

The 1998 visit was timed to coincide with Cornwall's hosting of the debut World
Watersports Festival, and by 2008, Carrick was the accountable body for
organising the event, among a partnership of 11 other organisations.

2008:  Housing on hospital site

DECEMBER 2008 saw the culmination of a four-year project to deliver much-needed
affordable housing on Truro's former city hospital site.

In an innovative 'back-to-back' property deal, the council helped Devon and
Cornwall Housing Association and Midas Homes to build on the brownfield site,
which had lain empty for seven years.

Through its involvement, and having purchased the site, Carrick was able to
place strong conditions on the development, and stipulate a high proportion of
affordable homes - both to buy, and for social rent - easing the area's long
term housing crisis.

2009:  Truro is 'Britain's Cleanest City'

IN ITS final days, Carrick has cause to celebrate, as Truro has secured the
coveted gold award at the 2009 Clean Britain Awards - making it officially
'Britain's Cleanest City'.

Carrick chief executive John Winskill paid tribute to the council's hardworking
staff and partners, and said:  "It is fantastic for us to go out on a high note
with this gold award."

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 61


                         Copyright 2009 The West Briton
                              All Rights Reserved


                             837 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The West Briton

                                 March 26, 2009

Carrick goes out on a high as new era in local government begins;
Carrick District Council was created as a result of the Local Government Act
1972, in place of Truro Rural District Council, Truro City Council, and Falmouth
and Penryn Town Councils.

SECTION: Pg. 32

LENGTH: 1468 words


1974: District council established

Its name is a reference to the Carrick Roads that adjoin all four areas.  Its
logo, the 'Carrick bend' knot, was chosen in a public competition, won by Truro
harbourmaster Captain J Whitehouse.

The first chairman was Harry Hicks, a rural district and county councillor, and
the first chief executive - one of only four Carrick has had - was Peter Dorey,
former clerk and chief executive of Truro Rural District Council.

1976:   Council offices built

THE new council's staff were initially divided between offices of the four
outgoing authorities, as no single office was big enough for the new council.

Work on Carrick's new offices at Pydar Street in Truro began in 1976 and they
were extended in 1983. A land-swap deal ensured the new building was constructed
loan-free, at no cost to the taxpayer.

1976 to '83:  Penryn Housing Action Area

IN THE late 1970s, the council recognised that a large number of properties in
Penryn were badly in need of refurbishment and half of homes lacked an inside
toilet, fixed bath, or even hot water.

To regenerate the area, Carrick and central government co-funded a grant scheme,
helping local homeowners to improve their properties. It proved to be the most
successful of its kind in the UK.

Hundreds of properties were improved, and a new influx of young families were
attracted to the area. The scheme was a forerunner of equally successful schemes
in Falmouth and Penryn 20 years later.

1977:  Queen's Silver Jubilee tour

ON August 6, 1977, Carrick welcomed  the Queen, as she began a tour to mark her
Silver Jubilee. Arriving in Falmouth on the royal yacht Britannia, the Queen and
Prince Philip went on to visit Penryn and Truro, before moving on to other parts
of the county.

Some 25 years later, the royal couple repeated the visit during to mark the
Golden Jubilee.  Among other attractions, they witnessed ongoing construction at
the National Maritime Museum, and were presented with a specially-commissioned
paperweight and a book by Phil Rowe celebrating the Cornish environment.

1983 to '84: Operation Minecap

SINCE 1979, an exhaustive search of the Carrick area revealed some 2,538 disused
mineshafts; and in 1983, the council embarked upon a huge, million-pound
operation to make them safe.

In response to concerns about endangered bat species living in the mineshafts,
Carrick engineer Ken Quimby designed an innovative 'bat castle' device for use
in the most sensitive sites.

The device made the shafts safe while allowing bats to come and go freely and so
impressed the Department of the Environment that it awarded  a £40,000 grant to
encourage their further development and use.

1986:  Viaduct multi-storey car park

HAVING secured funding for a multi-storey car park for the district, the loss of
a planning inquiry in Falmouth, left Carrick with just one year to find an
alternative site, and complete planning and construction - or hand the money
back.

Determined the funds would not be lost, the council pulled out all the stops to
create the new Viaduct car park in time, at a budget price of £885,000. To
celebrate the opening, an exhibition called Motorcarrick '86 brought local
traders and motor enthusiasts together on the site.

1987: Truro Leisure Centre

ALTHOUGH the decision to replace Truro's swimming pool was taken as far back as
1987, it took until 1996 for the new leisure centre to be completed.

The centre has provided a state-of-the-art facility, with six-lane swimming
pool, learner pool, full disabled access, sports hall and air-conditioned
fitness suite.

It has also incorporated impressive 'green' features, including water
harvesting, and was one of the first pools of its kind to use ultra-violet water
purification instead of chlorine.

1988:  Council acquires Wheal Kitty

HAVING been abandoned for almost 60 years, the 17th century mine at Wheal Kitty,
St Agnes, became a place of work once again, thanks to Carrick's  efforts over
an 18-year period.

Over two project phases, the council has worked with various partners and
funders to redevelop the old industrial site into a series of thriving rural
workshops and business units, while protecting the listed structures for future
generations.

1993:  Ships and Castles opens

FALMOUTH'S Ships and Castles leisure centre was a landmark £3.7 million project
at a time when it was rare for local authorities to build  facilities.

With an iconic design reflecting the area's maritime heritage, the centre's
prominent location on Pendennis headland was controversial, but has proven a
great success. The centre now welcomes some 120,000 visitors a year.

1996:  Beacon Project

THIS three-year project in Penwerris, Falmouth was created to make use of
government funding to help one of the district's most deprived areas.

The partnership took an innovative approach for the time, working in
co-operation with local people, rather than dictating what would happen. The
results were startling, with reductions in burglaries, improvements in people's
health, and a noticeable "feel-good factor" reported in the  area.

As a result of its achievements, the partnership was honoured in 1998 with the
Nye Bevan Award for Excellence - the highest national award available to a
health initiative.  Guest of honour at the opening was the then Prime Minister
Tony Blair.

Lessons learned in Falmouth's Beacon Project are now widely acknowledged to be a
cornerstone of health policy nationally.

1999:  Falmouth First Stop Shop

IN FEBRUARY 1999, Carrick became the first council in Cornwall to open a 'first
stop shop', broadening access to its services.

The new office, serving residents in the south of the district, enabled local
people to talk about housing, benefits and planning services without travelling
to Truro.

The facility was an immediate success, and has now become the blueprint for the
way One Cornwall will deliver local services in all Cornwall's major towns.

1999:  Eclipse preparations

CARRICK helped local people and businesses to make the most of the eclipse by
producing a special guide to the once-in-a-lifetime event.

As well as offering safety tips and a guide to the phenomenon, the guide
answered such practical questions as "How will our roads be affected?" and "How
can I rent out my house?"

2004:  Don't dump it, bump it

THE Council's new recycling collection service, with reusable kerbside sacks and
boxes, was introduced in May 2004.

The move saw Carrick's recycling performance shoot up from 12% to 30% within a
year - well over the Government's 25% target.

The district has continued to lead the county in recycling, with usage growing
every year.

In 2008, some 15,000 tonnes - the weight of 10 jumbo jets - was diverted away
from landfill:  35.9% of total waste.

2004:  Carrick rated 'good' by Audit Commission

IN 2004, an in-depth inspection by the Audit Commission scored Carrick top of
all Cornwall's districts, making it one of just two to achieve the 'good'
rating.

2006:  Bus back registration scheme

CARRICK took an unusual approach to its annual electoral registration canvass in
2006, by advertising on the back of local buses.

The campaign, encouraging local residents to register to vote, resulted in an
additional 5,700 forms being received; around an 8% increase.

2008  Funchal 500 Tall Ships Regatta

CARRICK has been actively involved in each of the three tall ships' visits
during its existence.

The races have attracted hundreds of thousands of visitors to the area, spending
tens of millions of pounds in the local economy.

In 1982, the race was started by the Duke of Edinburgh from the deck of the
council's dredger, Reclaim.

The 1998 visit was timed to coincide with Cornwall's hosting of the debut World
Watersports Festival, and by 2008, Carrick was the accountable body for
organising the event, among a partnership of 11 other organisations.

2008:  Housing on hospital site

DECEMBER 2008 saw the culmination of a four-year project to deliver much-needed
affordable housing on Truro's former city hospital site.

In an innovative 'back-to-back' property deal, the council helped Devon and
Cornwall Housing Association and Midas Homes to build on the brownfield site,
which had lain empty for seven years.

Through its involvement, and having purchased the site, Carrick was able to
place strong conditions on the development, and stipulate a high proportion of
affordable homes - both to buy, and for social rent - easing the area's long
term housing crisis.

2009:  Truro is 'Britain's Cleanest City'

IN ITS final days, Carrick has cause to celebrate, as Truro has secured the
coveted gold award at the 2009 Clean Britain Awards - making it officially
'Britain's Cleanest City'.

Carrick chief executive John Winskill paid tribute to the council's hardworking
staff and partners, and said:  "It is fantastic for us to go out on a high note
with this gold award."

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 61


                         Copyright 2009 The West Briton
                              All Rights Reserved


                             838 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The West Briton

                                 March 26, 2009

Carrick goes out on a high as new era in local government begins;
Carrick District Council was created as a result of the Local Government Act
1972, in place of Truro Rural District Council, Truro City Council, and Falmouth
and Penryn Town Councils.

SECTION: Pg. 32

LENGTH: 1468 words


1974: District council established

Its name is a reference to the Carrick Roads that adjoin all four areas.  Its
logo, the 'Carrick bend' knot, was chosen in a public competition, won by Truro
harbourmaster Captain J Whitehouse.

The first chairman was Harry Hicks, a rural district and county councillor, and
the first chief executive - one of only four Carrick has had - was Peter Dorey,
former clerk and chief executive of Truro Rural District Council.

1976:   Council offices built

THE new council's staff were initially divided between offices of the four
outgoing authorities, as no single office was big enough for the new council.

Work on Carrick's new offices at Pydar Street in Truro began in 1976 and they
were extended in 1983. A land-swap deal ensured the new building was constructed
loan-free, at no cost to the taxpayer.

1976 to '83:  Penryn Housing Action Area

IN THE late 1970s, the council recognised that a large number of properties in
Penryn were badly in need of refurbishment and half of homes lacked an inside
toilet, fixed bath, or even hot water.

To regenerate the area, Carrick and central government co-funded a grant scheme,
helping local homeowners to improve their properties. It proved to be the most
successful of its kind in the UK.

Hundreds of properties were improved, and a new influx of young families were
attracted to the area. The scheme was a forerunner of equally successful schemes
in Falmouth and Penryn 20 years later.

1977:  Queen's Silver Jubilee tour

ON August 6, 1977, Carrick welcomed  the Queen, as she began a tour to mark her
Silver Jubilee. Arriving in Falmouth on the royal yacht Britannia, the Queen and
Prince Philip went on to visit Penryn and Truro, before moving on to other parts
of the county.

Some 25 years later, the royal couple repeated the visit during to mark the
Golden Jubilee.  Among other attractions, they witnessed ongoing construction at
the National Maritime Museum, and were presented with a specially-commissioned
paperweight and a book by Phil Rowe celebrating the Cornish environment.

1983 to '84: Operation Minecap

SINCE 1979, an exhaustive search of the Carrick area revealed some 2,538 disused
mineshafts; and in 1983, the council embarked upon a huge, million-pound
operation to make them safe.

In response to concerns about endangered bat species living in the mineshafts,
Carrick engineer Ken Quimby designed an innovative 'bat castle' device for use
in the most sensitive sites.

The device made the shafts safe while allowing bats to come and go freely and so
impressed the Department of the Environment that it awarded  a £40,000 grant to
encourage their further development and use.

1986:  Viaduct multi-storey car park

HAVING secured funding for a multi-storey car park for the district, the loss of
a planning inquiry in Falmouth, left Carrick with just one year to find an
alternative site, and complete planning and construction - or hand the money
back.

Determined the funds would not be lost, the council pulled out all the stops to
create the new Viaduct car park in time, at a budget price of £885,000. To
celebrate the opening, an exhibition called Motorcarrick '86 brought local
traders and motor enthusiasts together on the site.

1987: Truro Leisure Centre

ALTHOUGH the decision to replace Truro's swimming pool was taken as far back as
1987, it took until 1996 for the new leisure centre to be completed.

The centre has provided a state-of-the-art facility, with six-lane swimming
pool, learner pool, full disabled access, sports hall and air-conditioned
fitness suite.

It has also incorporated impressive 'green' features, including water
harvesting, and was one of the first pools of its kind to use ultra-violet water
purification instead of chlorine.

1988:  Council acquires Wheal Kitty

HAVING been abandoned for almost 60 years, the 17th century mine at Wheal Kitty,
St Agnes, became a place of work once again, thanks to Carrick's  efforts over
an 18-year period.

Over two project phases, the council has worked with various partners and
funders to redevelop the old industrial site into a series of thriving rural
workshops and business units, while protecting the listed structures for future
generations.

1993:  Ships and Castles opens

FALMOUTH'S Ships and Castles leisure centre was a landmark £3.7 million project
at a time when it was rare for local authorities to build  facilities.

With an iconic design reflecting the area's maritime heritage, the centre's
prominent location on Pendennis headland was controversial, but has proven a
great success. The centre now welcomes some 120,000 visitors a year.

1996:  Beacon Project

THIS three-year project in Penwerris, Falmouth was created to make use of
government funding to help one of the district's most deprived areas.

The partnership took an innovative approach for the time, working in
co-operation with local people, rather than dictating what would happen. The
results were startling, with reductions in burglaries, improvements in people's
health, and a noticeable "feel-good factor" reported in the  area.

As a result of its achievements, the partnership was honoured in 1998 with the
Nye Bevan Award for Excellence - the highest national award available to a
health initiative.  Guest of honour at the opening was the then Prime Minister
Tony Blair.

Lessons learned in Falmouth's Beacon Project are now widely acknowledged to be a
cornerstone of health policy nationally.

1999:  Falmouth First Stop Shop

IN FEBRUARY 1999, Carrick became the first council in Cornwall to open a 'first
stop shop', broadening access to its services.

The new office, serving residents in the south of the district, enabled local
people to talk about housing, benefits and planning services without travelling
to Truro.

The facility was an immediate success, and has now become the blueprint for the
way One Cornwall will deliver local services in all Cornwall's major towns.

1999:  Eclipse preparations

CARRICK helped local people and businesses to make the most of the eclipse by
producing a special guide to the once-in-a-lifetime event.

As well as offering safety tips and a guide to the phenomenon, the guide
answered such practical questions as "How will our roads be affected?" and "How
can I rent out my house?"

2004:  Don't dump it, bump it

THE Council's new recycling collection service, with reusable kerbside sacks and
boxes, was introduced in May 2004.

The move saw Carrick's recycling performance shoot up from 12% to 30% within a
year - well over the Government's 25% target.

The district has continued to lead the county in recycling, with usage growing
every year.

In 2008, some 15,000 tonnes - the weight of 10 jumbo jets - was diverted away
from landfill:  35.9% of total waste.

2004:  Carrick rated 'good' by Audit Commission

IN 2004, an in-depth inspection by the Audit Commission scored Carrick top of
all Cornwall's districts, making it one of just two to achieve the 'good'
rating.

2006:  Bus back registration scheme

CARRICK took an unusual approach to its annual electoral registration canvass in
2006, by advertising on the back of local buses.

The campaign, encouraging local residents to register to vote, resulted in an
additional 5,700 forms being received; around an 8% increase.

2008  Funchal 500 Tall Ships Regatta

CARRICK has been actively involved in each of the three tall ships' visits
during its existence.

The races have attracted hundreds of thousands of visitors to the area, spending
tens of millions of pounds in the local economy.

In 1982, the race was started by the Duke of Edinburgh from the deck of the
council's dredger, Reclaim.

The 1998 visit was timed to coincide with Cornwall's hosting of the debut World
Watersports Festival, and by 2008, Carrick was the accountable body for
organising the event, among a partnership of 11 other organisations.

2008:  Housing on hospital site

DECEMBER 2008 saw the culmination of a four-year project to deliver much-needed
affordable housing on Truro's former city hospital site.

In an innovative 'back-to-back' property deal, the council helped Devon and
Cornwall Housing Association and Midas Homes to build on the brownfield site,
which had lain empty for seven years.

Through its involvement, and having purchased the site, Carrick was able to
place strong conditions on the development, and stipulate a high proportion of
affordable homes - both to buy, and for social rent - easing the area's long
term housing crisis.

2009:  Truro is 'Britain's Cleanest City'

IN ITS final days, Carrick has cause to celebrate, as Truro has secured the
coveted gold award at the 2009 Clean Britain Awards - making it officially
'Britain's Cleanest City'.

Carrick chief executive John Winskill paid tribute to the council's hardworking
staff and partners, and said:  "It is fantastic for us to go out on a high note
with this gold award."

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 61


                         Copyright 2009 The West Briton
                              All Rights Reserved


                             839 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                     October 22, 2001 Monday, Home Edition

METRO ONLINE

BYLINE: DUANE RINER

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Metro News; Pg. 2C

LENGTH: 425 words


Candidate for chancellor made marks in other states

Before University of Alabama System Chancellor Thomas C. Meredith became a top
candidate for the chancellorship at the University System of Georgia, he had
made his mark on other states. At Western Kentucky University, where Meredith
served as president from 1988 to 1997, a dormitory was renamed in his honor. In
August 2000, the school changed the name of Sorority Hall to Meredith Hall in
honor of its eighth president. Earlier this year, Meredith was recognized in
Alabama for his leadership in economic development and education by being
inducted into the Alabama Academy of Honor, an association of 100 outstanding
state residents. He has served as vice-chairman of the Alabama Commerce
Commission, is a member of the executive committee of the Southern Regional
Education Board and chairs the Alabama Council of College and University
Presidents.

For more information on Meredith, check out the following Web sites:
www.archives.state.al.us/famous/academy/t_meredith.html OR
www.wku.edu/news/releases/august/meredith.html OR www.uasystem.ua.edu/ --- Kelly
Simmons

Auction will sell unclaimed contents of safety boxes

The contents of unclaimed safety deposit boxes will be sold to the highest
bidders by the state Department of Revenue this week at the Cobb County Civic
Center on Marietta Parkway. The auction is Wednesday, with a preview the day
before. There are 358 lots in the sale, including coins, jewelry and historical
items. www.govauctionservices.com --- Jim Tharpe

Economic help available for small cities, rural areas

Small cities and rural areas trying to bolster their economies now have a
special place in state government to turn for help. Created a year ago, the
OneGeorgia Authority has already passed out about $46 million in grants and
loans for more than 30 projects, mostly in Middle and South Georgia. At the
agency's Web site, there is a list of all the funded projects. Also, there are
explanations of how the agency works, how to apply, and application deadlines.
www.onegeorgia.org/ --- Bill Osinski

Tourette association has information on the Web

This Web site, operated by the Tourette Syndrome Association, includes all sorts
of information about Tourette syndrome, a neurological disorder that causes
involuntary movements and sounds. Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart may have had
Tourette's, according to the site. Reports about new drug studies and resources
for parents are also included. www.tsa-usa.org --- Linda Rathke

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo:
Mozart

TYPE: Column

                    Copyright 2001 The Atlanta Constitution


                             840 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                             April 24, 2009 Friday
                                   L1 Edition

Government's housing-rescue plan boils down to two main programs -BYLN-

SECTION: REAL ESTATE; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 807 words


The government's recently approved plan to help struggling homeowners is full of
technicalities, but it basically entails only two basic programs: one that
provides refinancing help and another that allows banks to restructure an
owner's loan more completely.

Q. I have heard a lot about the federal government's plan to help homeowners who
are struggling to meet their payments. What are the details? How can I find out
if I qualify?

A. There are lots of technicalities in the plan that was recently approved by
Congress and signed into law by President Barack Obama, but it basically boils
down to two types of help: a special refinancing program and a more complete
loan-modification plan.

The government estimates that up to 9 million homeowners qualify for one program
or the other.

To be eligible for the special refinancing program, a homeowner must have at
least a 20 percent equity stake in their property and have not missed a payment
in the past 12 months. For those who qualify, the government will back loans for
banks to refinance the property at today's lower rates. The catch is that the
loan must be owned by the Federal National Mortgage Association (commonly called
"Fannie Mae") or the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. (Freddie Mac).

Fannie and Freddie buy about half the loans that banks issue, so either agency
might own your loan even if you write your monthly check to the bank that
originally gave you the mortgage or a loan-service company that processes your
payments. Call the bank's customer-service department to find out if your loan
is owned by Fannie or Freddie. If it is, you're probably eligible for the
refinancing package.

The new loan-modification program works differently. It provides government
incentives to banks to lower the interest rates they charge to borrowers to as
little as 2 percent and stretch their loan-repayment schedule to 40 years,
either of which could save homeowners hundreds or even thousands of dollars each
month.

The program is not available to those who owe more than $729,750 to their bank,
and most financially troubled borrowers qualify because they owe less.

Again, contact your lender's customer-service department for details about the
new programs. Also go to the government's Web site,
www.MakingHomeAffordable.gov, which includes a tool that can help you determine
if you qualify for either program.

Q. We are both 65 years old, and have started looking for a retirement home in
different rural communities. Many of the properties have two, three or even four
"for sale" signs from different brokerage firms. Where we currently live, homes
are listed by only one company. What gives?

A. It sounds as if the rural communities that you're visiting use "open
listings" rather than the exclusive-right-to-sell agreements that are common in
most urban areas.

City-dwellers who want to sell their home typically sign an exclusive
right-to-sell agreement, which guarantees the real estate agent a commission
even if the seller finds a buyer on their own. But open listings are common in
many rural areas, especially in parts of the nation where there is no Multiple
Listing Service to widely advertise properties that are for sale.

An open listing allows a seller to list with several different agents or
brokerages, and pay only the broker who is able to produce a buyer who can close
the deal. The commission that's owed by the seller under an open listing is
usually about half that owed under an exclusive-right-to-sell agreement, because
the seller is actually paying the broker to represent the buyer only. However,
if the seller finds the buyer on his or her own, no commission is owed at all.

Q. What does the term "NNN" mean?

A. "NNN" is realty shorthand for a triple-net lease, usually involving a
business property. The NNN stands for "net-net-net," which means the tenant not
only pays the monthly rent, but (unlike many other business leases) also must
pay for all of the store or office's share of most other expenses -- from the
project's utilities and insurance, to janitorial services and other costs.

So, in other words, nearly all of the money that the landlord collects is net
profit that goes straight to the building owner's bottom line.

Q. I was interested in the recent column you wrote about living trusts. My
question is, if I create the type of living trust that you suggest, who would I
name as the trustee?

A. The trustee is the person who will manage and control the trust's home and
other property while you are alive. Assuming that you want to control it as long
as you're capable, you should name yourself as the trustee or both you and your
spouse as co-trustees.

* For a copy of "Straight Talk About Living Trusts," send $4 and a
self-addressed, stamped envelope to P.O. Box 2960, Culver City, CA 90231-2960

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                             841 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                             April 24, 2009 Friday
                                   F1 Edition

Government's housing-rescue plan boils down to two programs

SECTION: REAL ESTATE; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 810 words


The government's recently approved plan to help struggling homeowners is full of
technicalities, but it basically entails only two basic programs: one that
provides refinancing help and another that allows banks to restructure an
owner's loan more completely.

Q. I have heard a lot about the federal government's plan to help homeowners who
are struggling to meet their payments. What are the details? How can I find out
if I qualify?

A. There are lots of technicalities in the plan that was recently approved by
Congress and signed into law by President Barack Obama, but it basically boils
down to two types of help: a special refinancing program and a more complete
loan-modification plan.

The government estimates that up to 9 million homeowners qualify for one program
or the other.

To be eligible for the special refinancing program, a homeowner must have at
least a 20 percent equity stake in their property and have not missed a payment
in the past 12 months. For those who qualify, the government will back loans for
banks to refinance the property at today's lower rates. The catch is that the
loan must be owned by the Federal National Mortgage Association (commonly called
"Fannie Mae") or the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. (Freddie Mac).

Fannie and Freddie buy about half the loans that banks issue, so either agency
might own your loan even if you write your monthly check to the bank that
originally gave you the mortgage or a loan-service company that processes your
payments. Call the bank's customer-service department to find out if your loan
is owned by Fannie or Freddie. If it is, you're probably eligible for the
refinancing package.

The new loan-modification program works differently. It provides government
incentives to banks to lower the interest rates they charge to borrowers to as
little as 2 percent and stretch their loan-repayment schedule to 40 years,
either of which could save homeowners hundreds or even thousands of dollars each
month. The program is not available to those who owe more than $729,750 to their
bank, and most financially troubled borrowers qualify because they owe less.

Again, contact your lender's customer-service department for details about the
new programs. Also go to the government's Web site,
www.MakingHomeAffordable.gov, which includes a tool that can help you determine
if you qualify for either program.

Q. We are both 65 years old, and have started looking for a retirement home in
different rural communities. Many of the properties have two, three or even four
"for sale" signs from different brokerage firms. Where we currently live, homes
are listed by only one company. What gives?

A. It sounds as if the rural communities that you're visiting use "open
listings" rather than the exclusive-right-to-sell agreements that are common in
most urban areas.

City-dwellers who want to sell their home typically sign an exclusive
right-to-sell agreement, which guarantees the real estate agent a commission
even if the seller finds a buyer on their own. But open listings are common in
many rural areas, especially in parts of the nation where there is no Multiple
Listing Service to widely advertise properties that are for sale.

An open listing allows a seller to list with several different agents or
brokerages, and pay only the broker who is able to produce a buyer who can close
the deal. The commission that's owed by the seller under an open listing is
usually about half that owed under an exclusive-right-to-sell agreement, because
the seller is actually paying the broker to represent the buyer only. However,
if the seller finds the buyer on his or her own, no commission is owed at all.

Q. What does the term "NNN" mean?

A. "NNN" is realty shorthand for a triple-net lease, usually involving a
business property. The NNN stands for "net-net-net," which means the tenant not
only pays the monthly rent, but (unlike many other business leases) also must
pay for all of the store or office's share of most other expenses -- from the
project's utilities and insurance, to janitorial services and other costs. So,
in other words, nearly all of the money that the landlord collects is net profit
that goes straight to the bottom line.

Q. I was interested in the recent column you wrote about living trusts. My
question is, if I create the type of living trust that you suggest, who would I
name as the trustee?

A. The trustee is the person who will manage and control the trust's home and
other property while you are alive. Assuming that you want to control it as long
as you're capable, you should name yourself as the trustee or both you and your
spouse as co-trustees.

* For a copy of the booklet "Straight Talk About Living Trusts," send $4 and a
self-

addressed, stamped envelope

to David Myers/Trust,

P.O. Box 2960, Culver City, CA 90231-2960

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                             842 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

In Brief: ICBA Strikes Deal With Freddie Mac

                             May 20, 2003, Tuesday

DATELINE: WASHINGTON



The Independent Community Bankers of America and Freddie Mac on Monday said they
had entered into an agreement designed to give the trade group's members a leg
up the secondary mortgage market.

In a joint press release, the parties said Freddie is to give ICBA members
access to its capital markets and portfolio management experts. Freddie will
also make available to these banks products for low- and moderate-income
borrowers; automated underwriting software; customized Web sites for online
origination; training; and a rural housing loan product that requires no down
payment or mortgage insurance.

Copyright 2003 Thomson Media Inc. All Rights Reserved.
http://www.thomsonmedia.com http://www.americanbanker.com

SECTION: MARKETS; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 122 words

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2003 American Banker, Inc.


                             843 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 13, 2015 Friday

Rural Business-Cooperative Service: Supervisory Financial and Loan Business
Specialist (B&I) DC-MP-2015-0006

LENGTH: 3113  words

DATELINE: Washington


The United States Office of Personnel Management has issued the following job
announcement:

Job Title:Supervisory Financial and Loan Business Specialist (B&I)

Department:Department Of Agriculture

Agency:Rural Business-Cooperative Service

Job Announcement Number:DC-MP-2015-0006
SALARY RANGE:
 $107,325.00 to $139,523.00 / Per Year
OPEN PERIOD:
 Friday, March 13, 2015 to Thursday, March 19, 2015
SERIES & GRADE:
 GS-1101-14
POSITION INFORMATION:
 Full-Time - Permanent
PROMOTION POTENTIAL:
14
DUTY LOCATIONS:
 1 vacancy - Washington DC, DC View Map
WHO MAY APPLY:
 Open only to current USDA Rural Development (RD) employees serving on career or
career conditional appointments in the competitive service and USDA CTAP
eligibles.
SECURITY CLEARANCE:
 Public Trust - Background Investigation
SUPERVISORY STATUS:
 Yes
JOB SUMMARY:

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural Development Agency serves rural
communities throughout the country by investing in their communities through
housing and utility infrastructure, by increasing economic opportunity, and by
improving the quality of life for all rural Americans.  Rural Development
provides over 40 loan and grant programs in the Rural Housing and Community
Facilities Services, Rural Business and Cooperative Services, and Rural
Utilities Service. Rural Development supports a positive work environment and
promotes diversity and inclusion for nearly 5,000 employees.

Rural Development is a dynamic organization recruiting for employees who possess
the energy, compassion, and commitment to serve those in rural communities and
will enjoy working in a fast paced and results driven organization.  Our
commitment is to expand economic opportunity and quality of life in all of rural
America by providing financial programs to support essential public facilities
and services such as water and sewer systems, housing, health clinics, emergency
service facilities and electric and telephone service.  Rural Development offers
a friendly and professional working environment and such excellent benefits as:
a generous salary, alternative work schedules, paid vacation and sick leave,
paid holidays, retirement and supplemental savings plan, a wide array of health,
dental, vision, and life insurance plans, flexible spending accounts, and
long-term care insurance.

This position is located in the Business and Industry Processing Branch,
Business and Industry (B&I) Division, under the Deputy Administrator, Business
Programs, Rural Business-Cooperative Service (RBS), Rural Development (RD).

The incumbent of this position serves as Chief for the Business and Industry
(BI) Processing Branch.
TRAVEL REQUIRED

Occasional Travel
    Up to 20% travel may be required

RELOCATION AUTHORIZED

No

KEY REQUIREMENTS

US Citizenship is required.
    Selective Service Registration is required for males born after 12/31/1959.
    A 1-year probationary period is required.
    Confidential Financial Disclosure Required (OGE Form 450)

DUTIES:
Back to top

The primary purpose of this position is to serve as Chief of the Business and
Industry (B&I) Processing Branch with responsibility for directing, overseeing,
and evaluating the activities of the Branch and developing operating plans,
policies and procedures relative to the loan processing function and providing
expert guidance to State Offices on the full spectrum of loan processing
requirements.  The incumbent performs the following duties:

Identifies the need for new or amended Code of Federal Regulations (CFR)
published regulations in the area of loan processing and coordinates or develops
and promulgates regulations.
    Assigns work to Branch personnel and reviews and evaluates work products to
ensure that policy development products and activities are consistent and that
major Branch decisions are consistent with Agency and Division policy.
    Provides advice and counsel to State Offices on the interpretation and
implementation of operating policies and procedures in the area of B&I loan
approval authority for State offices.
    Directs the development, revision and recommendation of operating policies
and procedures relating to the full scope of nationwide loan processing and
review activities.
    Provides advice and counsel to State Offices on the interpretation and
implementation of operating policies and procedures in the area of B&I loan
approval authority for State offices.
    Directs and reviews the preparation of special bulletins and information
releases to State Offices to keep them abreast of policy and procedural changes,
or observes operation problems or errors.
    Reviews, analyzes and recommends appropriate actions on complex projects and
loans submitted to the Branch for review by the State Offices.
    Coordinates or conducts visits to sites, most in complex and/or
controversial B&I projects, to participate in negotiations with lenders,
applicants' attorneys and State officials.

QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED:
Back to top

Applicants must meet all qualifications and eligibility requirements by the
closing date of the announcement including time-in-grade restriction, and
specialized experience as defined below.

Time-in-grade: Applicants must meet one year at the next lower grade to be
considered for the next higher grade. (e.g.: one year at the GS-13 grade level
for consideration for the GS-14 grade level.)

GS-14 level: Applicants must have one (1) year of specialized experience
equivalent to the GS-13 level in the Federal service. Specialized experience is
defined as experience which has equipped the applicant with the particular
knowledge, skills and abilities to successfully perform the duties of the
position and which is in or typically related to the work of the position to be
filled. For this position, specialized experience is experience developing rural
development loan processing operating plans, policies and procedures for Direct
and Guaranteed Loan Programs.

NOTE: To be considered for this position, you must meet all qualification and
eligibility requirements for the GS-1101 series set forth in the Office of
Personnel Management (OPM) Qualification Standards by the closing date of the
announcement.

Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done
through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other
organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual;
community, student, social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies,
knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that
translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all
qualifying experience, including volunteer experience.

o  This position requires up to 20% travel.
o  Have your salary sent to a financial institution of your choice by Direct
Deposit/Electronic Funds Transfer.
o  If you are newly hired, the documentation you present for purposes of
completing the Department Homeland Security (DHS) Form I-9 on your entry-on-duty
date will be verified through the DHS "E-VERIFY" system. Federal law requires
the use of E-VERIFY to confirm the employment eligibility of all new hires.
Under this system, the new hire is required to resolve any identified
discrepancies as a condition of continued employment.
o  To be eligible for appointment to this position, the new hire must be cleared
to come on board once the results of the fingerprint check, review of the
OF-306, Declaration for Federal Employment, and the candidate's Electronic
Questionnaires for Investigations Processing (eQIP) entries have been reviewed
and determined to be satisfactory.  This position requires a favorable credit
check as part of the background investigation.
o  Subject to one-year supervisory/managerial probation period (unless prior
service is creditable).  New USDA supervisors must successfully complete all
components of the required new supervisor training program before the end of
their probationary period.
o  CONFIDENTIAL FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE REPORT: If selected, you will be required
to submit Form OGE-450 within 30 days of your initial appointment date, and
annually thereafter. Selectee is subject to financial Disclosure Requirements in
accordance with 5 CFR, Part 2635, Sub part E regarding business or personal
transactions with applicants, borrowers, or business contacts who have or who
are seeking business with this Agency. Selectee must be able to obtain and
maintain a security clearance. If selected you will be subject to a National
Agency Check and Inquiry (NACI) and a credit report.
o  Entrance on duty is contingent upon completion of a pre-employment security
investigation. The position may require a Confidential, Secret, or Top Secret
security clearance or be subject to a Public Trust background investigation at
the time of appointment, and may be subject to reinvestigation every five years
thereafter. A favorable adjudication of the clearance or background
investigation at the time of appointment and on reinvestigations is a condition
of employment.
HOW YOU WILL BE EVALUATED:

You will be evaluated based on your qualifications for this position as
evidenced by the education, experience, and training you described in your
application package, as well as the responses to the Occupational Questionnaire
to determine the degree to which you possess the knowledge, skills, abilities
and competencies listed below:

Skill in commercial lending and credit and financial statement analysis to
review complex project and loan proposals.
        Knowledge of the social, economic, and rural credit conditions, trends
and problems existing throughout rural America to devise effective strategies
and policies.
        Skill in coordinating and conducting visits to sites and negotiating
with lenders, applicants' attorneys and State officials on complex project
issues.
        Ability to direct the preparation and presentation of training
information in order to communicate agency loan policy and procedure to State
Office personnel.
        Knowledge of supervisory techniques, personnel policies, practices, and
procedures.

We will review your application, including the online Occupational
Questionnaire, to ensure you meet the job requirements and assess your ability
to perform this job. Before any certificate can be issued to the selecting
official, the resume and supporting documents are reviewed by an HR Specialist
to ensure that (a) minimum qualification requirements are met and (b) the resume
supports the answers provided to the job-specific questions. Your answers will
be verified against information provided in your online resume and application.
Be sure that your resume clearly supports your responses to all the questions
addressing experience and education relevant to this position.
    Applicants who meet the basic minimum qualification requirements and are
determined to be among the best qualified candidates will be referred to the
hiring manager for consideration. Non-Competitive candidates need to meet
minimum qualification requirements to be referred.

Note: If, after reviewing your resume and / or supporting documentation, a
determination is made that you have inflated your qualifications and or
experience, your score can / will be lowered to more accurately reflect the
submitted documentation. Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or
omissions may affect your rating. Deliberate attempts to falsify information may
be grounds for not selecting you.

To view the application form, visit:
https://rbcs.usda.ntis.gov/cp/?event=jobs.previewApplication&jobid=e1fb6061-8a28
-4e07-96ea-a43d00dd6c9a

BENEFITS:
Back to top

You can review our benefits at:
http://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/healthcare/enrollment/new-federal-employ
ee-enrollment/
The Federal Government offers a comprehensive benefits package.  Explore the
major benefits offered to most Federal employees at:
http://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/healthcare/enrollment/new-federal-employ
ee-enrollment/

OTHER INFORMATION:
o  BACKGROUND INVESTIGATION AND FINGERPRINT CHECK:  Selection and retention in
this position is contingent on a successfully adjudicated FBI National Criminal
History Check (fingerprint check) and a background investigation.
o  Career Transition Assistance Plan (CTAP): If you are claiming CTAP
eligibility, you must provide a copy of your written notification of CTAP
eligibility with your application which may include a specific
Reduction-in-Force (RIF) separation notice, or a proposed notice of removal for
declining a directed reassignment or transfer of function outside the local
commuting area, a certificate of expected separation or other official
certification issued by the Department indicating the position is surplus). CTAP
eligibles will be considered well-qualified if achieving a rating of 85 or
above. Information about CTAP eligibility is on OPM's Career Transition
Resources website at http://www.opm.gov/ctap/index.asp.
o  Relocation expenses are not authorized.
o  This position is eligible for telework and other flexible work arrangements.
Employee participation is at the discretion of the supervisor.
HOW TO APPLY:
Back to top

Please read the entire announcement and all the instructions before you begin.
The following instructions outline our application process.

You must complete this application process and submit all required documents
electronically by 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time (ET) on the closing date of this
announcement.
    We are available to assist you during business hours (normally 8:00 a.m. -
4:00 p.m., Monday - Friday). Applying online is highly encouraged. If applying
online poses a hardship, please contact our office during business hours well
before the closing date for an alternate method. All hardship application
packages with supporting documents must be submitted no later than noon on the
closing date of the announcement in order to be entered into the system prior to
its closing.
    This agency provides reasonable accommodation to applicants with
disabilities on a case-by-case basis; contact us if you are requesting this.

Step 1: Create a USAJOBS account (if you do not have one) at www.usajobs.gov. It
is recommended that as part of your profile you set up automatic email
notification to be informed when the status of your application changes. If you
choose not to set up this automatic notification, then you will have to log into
your USAJOBS account to check on the status of your application.

Step 2: Create a resume with USAJOBS or upload a resume into your USAJOBS
account. Customize your resume to ensure it documents duties and accomplishments
you have gained that are directly related to this position in order to verify
that qualifications are met. Your resume must support your responses to the
online questionnaire (you may preview the online questionnaire by clicking on
the link at the end of the How You Will Be Evaluated section of the job
announcement).

Step 3: Click "Apply Online" and follow the prompts to complete the Occupational
Questionnaire and attach any additional documents that may be required.

You can update your application or documents anytime while the announcement is
open. Log into your USAJOBS account and click on "Application Status." Click on
the position title, and then select "Update Application" to continue.

NOTE: Verify that uploaded documents from USAJOBs transfer into the Agency's
staffing system. Once in the Agency's staffing system you will have the
opportunity to upload additional documents. Uploaded documents must be less than
3MB and in one of the following document formats: GIF, JPG, JPEG, PNG, RTF, PDF,
or Word (DOC or DOCX).


REQUIRED DOCUMENTS:

The following documents are required for your application to be complete. Our
office cannot be responsible for incompatible software, illegible fax
transmissions, delays in mail service, your system failure or downtime, etc.
Encrypted and digitally signed documents will not be accepted. Failure to submit
required, legible documents may result in loss of consideration.

Resume must include: 1) personal information; 2) education; 3) work experience
including work schedule, hours worked per week, dates of employment; and title,
series and grade if applicable; 4) supervisor's phone number, e-mail address for
each work period listed, and whether or not we may contact them for reference
checks; and 5) other qualifications.

You must submit the documents below if you claim any of the following:

Current Career/Career-Conditional Employees: Most recent non-award Notification
of Personnel Action (SF-50 or equivalent) showing that you are in the
competitive service, highest grade (or promotion potential) held on a permanent
basis, position title, series and grade AND most recently completed performance
appraisal (dated within 18 months) showing the official rating of record, signed
by a supervisor, or statement why the performance appraisal is unavailable. Do
not submit a performance plan.
    CTAP: You must provide a copy of your written notification of CTAP
eligibility with your application (a specific Reduction-in-Force (RIF)
separation notice, or a proposed notice of removal for declining a directed
reassignment or transfer of function outside the local commuting area, a
certificate of expected separation or other official certification issued by the
Department indicating the position is surplus).
    Other Special Hiring Authorities: If claiming eligibility under a Special
Hiring Authority not listed above submit appropriate supporting documentation.

AGENCY CONTACT INFO:
Offeibea Adu-Darko
Phone: 703-995-9690
Fax: 703-995-8590
Email: oadarko@yrci.com
Agency Information:
USDA/Rural Development
1400 Independence Ave., S.W.
Washington, DC,
20250
USA
Fax: 703-995-8590
WHAT TO EXPECT NEXT:
If you set up your USAJOBS account to send automatic email notifications, you
will receive an email acknowledging: 1) the submission of your online
Occupational Questionnaire and resume was successful,  2) if you were referred
to the selecting official for consideration, and  3) if you were selected or not
selected. If you choose not to set up automatic email notifications, you must
check your USAJOBS account for the latest status of your application. Your
application may be reviewed to verify that you meet the qualifications and
eligibility requirements for the position prior to issuing lists to a selecting
official. If further evaluation or interviews are required, you will be
contacted. Normally, a final job offer to the selected candidate is made within
30-60 days after the issuance of the certificate.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             844 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 13, 2015 Friday

Rural Business-Cooperative Service: Supervisory Financial and Loan Business
Specialist (B&I) DC-MP-2015-0006

LENGTH: 3113  words

DATELINE: Washington


The United States Office of Personnel Management has issued the following job
announcement:

Job Title:Supervisory Financial and Loan Business Specialist (B&I)

Department:Department Of Agriculture

Agency:Rural Business-Cooperative Service

Job Announcement Number:DC-MP-2015-0006
SALARY RANGE:
 $107,325.00 to $139,523.00 / Per Year
OPEN PERIOD:
 Friday, March 13, 2015 to Thursday, March 19, 2015
SERIES & GRADE:
 GS-1101-14
POSITION INFORMATION:
 Full-Time - Permanent
PROMOTION POTENTIAL:
14
DUTY LOCATIONS:
 1 vacancy - Washington DC, DC View Map
WHO MAY APPLY:
 Open only to current USDA Rural Development (RD) employees serving on career or
career conditional appointments in the competitive service and USDA CTAP
eligibles.
SECURITY CLEARANCE:
 Public Trust - Background Investigation
SUPERVISORY STATUS:
 Yes
JOB SUMMARY:

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural Development Agency serves rural
communities throughout the country by investing in their communities through
housing and utility infrastructure, by increasing economic opportunity, and by
improving the quality of life for all rural Americans.  Rural Development
provides over 40 loan and grant programs in the Rural Housing and Community
Facilities Services, Rural Business and Cooperative Services, and Rural
Utilities Service. Rural Development supports a positive work environment and
promotes diversity and inclusion for nearly 5,000 employees.

Rural Development is a dynamic organization recruiting for employees who possess
the energy, compassion, and commitment to serve those in rural communities and
will enjoy working in a fast paced and results driven organization.  Our
commitment is to expand economic opportunity and quality of life in all of rural
America by providing financial programs to support essential public facilities
and services such as water and sewer systems, housing, health clinics, emergency
service facilities and electric and telephone service.  Rural Development offers
a friendly and professional working environment and such excellent benefits as:
a generous salary, alternative work schedules, paid vacation and sick leave,
paid holidays, retirement and supplemental savings plan, a wide array of health,
dental, vision, and life insurance plans, flexible spending accounts, and
long-term care insurance.

This position is located in the Business and Industry Processing Branch,
Business and Industry (B&I) Division, under the Deputy Administrator, Business
Programs, Rural Business-Cooperative Service (RBS), Rural Development (RD).

The incumbent of this position serves as Chief for the Business and Industry
(BI) Processing Branch.
TRAVEL REQUIRED

Occasional Travel
    Up to 20% travel may be required

RELOCATION AUTHORIZED

No

KEY REQUIREMENTS

US Citizenship is required.
    Selective Service Registration is required for males born after 12/31/1959.
    A 1-year probationary period is required.
    Confidential Financial Disclosure Required (OGE Form 450)

DUTIES:
Back to top

The primary purpose of this position is to serve as Chief of the Business and
Industry (B&I) Processing Branch with responsibility for directing, overseeing,
and evaluating the activities of the Branch and developing operating plans,
policies and procedures relative to the loan processing function and providing
expert guidance to State Offices on the full spectrum of loan processing
requirements.  The incumbent performs the following duties:

Identifies the need for new or amended Code of Federal Regulations (CFR)
published regulations in the area of loan processing and coordinates or develops
and promulgates regulations.
    Assigns work to Branch personnel and reviews and evaluates work products to
ensure that policy development products and activities are consistent and that
major Branch decisions are consistent with Agency and Division policy.
    Provides advice and counsel to State Offices on the interpretation and
implementation of operating policies and procedures in the area of B&I loan
approval authority for State offices.
    Directs the development, revision and recommendation of operating policies
and procedures relating to the full scope of nationwide loan processing and
review activities.
    Provides advice and counsel to State Offices on the interpretation and
implementation of operating policies and procedures in the area of B&I loan
approval authority for State offices.
    Directs and reviews the preparation of special bulletins and information
releases to State Offices to keep them abreast of policy and procedural changes,
or observes operation problems or errors.
    Reviews, analyzes and recommends appropriate actions on complex projects and
loans submitted to the Branch for review by the State Offices.
    Coordinates or conducts visits to sites, most in complex and/or
controversial B&I projects, to participate in negotiations with lenders,
applicants' attorneys and State officials.

QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED:
Back to top

Applicants must meet all qualifications and eligibility requirements by the
closing date of the announcement including time-in-grade restriction, and
specialized experience as defined below.

Time-in-grade: Applicants must meet one year at the next lower grade to be
considered for the next higher grade. (e.g.: one year at the GS-13 grade level
for consideration for the GS-14 grade level.)

GS-14 level: Applicants must have one (1) year of specialized experience
equivalent to the GS-13 level in the Federal service. Specialized experience is
defined as experience which has equipped the applicant with the particular
knowledge, skills and abilities to successfully perform the duties of the
position and which is in or typically related to the work of the position to be
filled. For this position, specialized experience is experience developing rural
development loan processing operating plans, policies and procedures for Direct
and Guaranteed Loan Programs.

NOTE: To be considered for this position, you must meet all qualification and
eligibility requirements for the GS-1101 series set forth in the Office of
Personnel Management (OPM) Qualification Standards by the closing date of the
announcement.

Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done
through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other
organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual;
community, student, social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies,
knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that
translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all
qualifying experience, including volunteer experience.

o  This position requires up to 20% travel.
o  Have your salary sent to a financial institution of your choice by Direct
Deposit/Electronic Funds Transfer.
o  If you are newly hired, the documentation you present for purposes of
completing the Department Homeland Security (DHS) Form I-9 on your entry-on-duty
date will be verified through the DHS "E-VERIFY" system. Federal law requires
the use of E-VERIFY to confirm the employment eligibility of all new hires.
Under this system, the new hire is required to resolve any identified
discrepancies as a condition of continued employment.
o  To be eligible for appointment to this position, the new hire must be cleared
to come on board once the results of the fingerprint check, review of the
OF-306, Declaration for Federal Employment, and the candidate's Electronic
Questionnaires for Investigations Processing (eQIP) entries have been reviewed
and determined to be satisfactory.  This position requires a favorable credit
check as part of the background investigation.
o  Subject to one-year supervisory/managerial probation period (unless prior
service is creditable).  New USDA supervisors must successfully complete all
components of the required new supervisor training program before the end of
their probationary period.
o  CONFIDENTIAL FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE REPORT: If selected, you will be required
to submit Form OGE-450 within 30 days of your initial appointment date, and
annually thereafter. Selectee is subject to financial Disclosure Requirements in
accordance with 5 CFR, Part 2635, Sub part E regarding business or personal
transactions with applicants, borrowers, or business contacts who have or who
are seeking business with this Agency. Selectee must be able to obtain and
maintain a security clearance. If selected you will be subject to a National
Agency Check and Inquiry (NACI) and a credit report.
o  Entrance on duty is contingent upon completion of a pre-employment security
investigation. The position may require a Confidential, Secret, or Top Secret
security clearance or be subject to a Public Trust background investigation at
the time of appointment, and may be subject to reinvestigation every five years
thereafter. A favorable adjudication of the clearance or background
investigation at the time of appointment and on reinvestigations is a condition
of employment.
HOW YOU WILL BE EVALUATED:

You will be evaluated based on your qualifications for this position as
evidenced by the education, experience, and training you described in your
application package, as well as the responses to the Occupational Questionnaire
to determine the degree to which you possess the knowledge, skills, abilities
and competencies listed below:

Skill in commercial lending and credit and financial statement analysis to
review complex project and loan proposals.
        Knowledge of the social, economic, and rural credit conditions, trends
and problems existing throughout rural America to devise effective strategies
and policies.
        Skill in coordinating and conducting visits to sites and negotiating
with lenders, applicants' attorneys and State officials on complex project
issues.
        Ability to direct the preparation and presentation of training
information in order to communicate agency loan policy and procedure to State
Office personnel.
        Knowledge of supervisory techniques, personnel policies, practices, and
procedures.

We will review your application, including the online Occupational
Questionnaire, to ensure you meet the job requirements and assess your ability
to perform this job. Before any certificate can be issued to the selecting
official, the resume and supporting documents are reviewed by an HR Specialist
to ensure that (a) minimum qualification requirements are met and (b) the resume
supports the answers provided to the job-specific questions. Your answers will
be verified against information provided in your online resume and application.
Be sure that your resume clearly supports your responses to all the questions
addressing experience and education relevant to this position.
    Applicants who meet the basic minimum qualification requirements and are
determined to be among the best qualified candidates will be referred to the
hiring manager for consideration. Non-Competitive candidates need to meet
minimum qualification requirements to be referred.

Note: If, after reviewing your resume and / or supporting documentation, a
determination is made that you have inflated your qualifications and or
experience, your score can / will be lowered to more accurately reflect the
submitted documentation. Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or
omissions may affect your rating. Deliberate attempts to falsify information may
be grounds for not selecting you.

To view the application form, visit:
https://rbcs.usda.ntis.gov/cp/?event=jobs.previewApplication&jobid=e1fb6061-8a28
-4e07-96ea-a43d00dd6c9a

BENEFITS:
Back to top

You can review our benefits at:
http://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/healthcare/enrollment/new-federal-employ
ee-enrollment/
The Federal Government offers a comprehensive benefits package.  Explore the
major benefits offered to most Federal employees at:
http://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/healthcare/enrollment/new-federal-employ
ee-enrollment/

OTHER INFORMATION:
o  BACKGROUND INVESTIGATION AND FINGERPRINT CHECK:  Selection and retention in
this position is contingent on a successfully adjudicated FBI National Criminal
History Check (fingerprint check) and a background investigation.
o  Career Transition Assistance Plan (CTAP): If you are claiming CTAP
eligibility, you must provide a copy of your written notification of CTAP
eligibility with your application which may include a specific
Reduction-in-Force (RIF) separation notice, or a proposed notice of removal for
declining a directed reassignment or transfer of function outside the local
commuting area, a certificate of expected separation or other official
certification issued by the Department indicating the position is surplus). CTAP
eligibles will be considered well-qualified if achieving a rating of 85 or
above. Information about CTAP eligibility is on OPM's Career Transition
Resources website at http://www.opm.gov/ctap/index.asp.
o  Relocation expenses are not authorized.
o  This position is eligible for telework and other flexible work arrangements.
Employee participation is at the discretion of the supervisor.
HOW TO APPLY:
Back to top

Please read the entire announcement and all the instructions before you begin.
The following instructions outline our application process.

You must complete this application process and submit all required documents
electronically by 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time (ET) on the closing date of this
announcement.
    We are available to assist you during business hours (normally 8:00 a.m. -
4:00 p.m., Monday - Friday). Applying online is highly encouraged. If applying
online poses a hardship, please contact our office during business hours well
before the closing date for an alternate method. All hardship application
packages with supporting documents must be submitted no later than noon on the
closing date of the announcement in order to be entered into the system prior to
its closing.
    This agency provides reasonable accommodation to applicants with
disabilities on a case-by-case basis; contact us if you are requesting this.

Step 1: Create a USAJOBS account (if you do not have one) at www.usajobs.gov. It
is recommended that as part of your profile you set up automatic email
notification to be informed when the status of your application changes. If you
choose not to set up this automatic notification, then you will have to log into
your USAJOBS account to check on the status of your application.

Step 2: Create a resume with USAJOBS or upload a resume into your USAJOBS
account. Customize your resume to ensure it documents duties and accomplishments
you have gained that are directly related to this position in order to verify
that qualifications are met. Your resume must support your responses to the
online questionnaire (you may preview the online questionnaire by clicking on
the link at the end of the How You Will Be Evaluated section of the job
announcement).

Step 3: Click "Apply Online" and follow the prompts to complete the Occupational
Questionnaire and attach any additional documents that may be required.

You can update your application or documents anytime while the announcement is
open. Log into your USAJOBS account and click on "Application Status." Click on
the position title, and then select "Update Application" to continue.

NOTE: Verify that uploaded documents from USAJOBs transfer into the Agency's
staffing system. Once in the Agency's staffing system you will have the
opportunity to upload additional documents. Uploaded documents must be less than
3MB and in one of the following document formats: GIF, JPG, JPEG, PNG, RTF, PDF,
or Word (DOC or DOCX).


REQUIRED DOCUMENTS:

The following documents are required for your application to be complete. Our
office cannot be responsible for incompatible software, illegible fax
transmissions, delays in mail service, your system failure or downtime, etc.
Encrypted and digitally signed documents will not be accepted. Failure to submit
required, legible documents may result in loss of consideration.

Resume must include: 1) personal information; 2) education; 3) work experience
including work schedule, hours worked per week, dates of employment; and title,
series and grade if applicable; 4) supervisor's phone number, e-mail address for
each work period listed, and whether or not we may contact them for reference
checks; and 5) other qualifications.

You must submit the documents below if you claim any of the following:

Current Career/Career-Conditional Employees: Most recent non-award Notification
of Personnel Action (SF-50 or equivalent) showing that you are in the
competitive service, highest grade (or promotion potential) held on a permanent
basis, position title, series and grade AND most recently completed performance
appraisal (dated within 18 months) showing the official rating of record, signed
by a supervisor, or statement why the performance appraisal is unavailable. Do
not submit a performance plan.
    CTAP: You must provide a copy of your written notification of CTAP
eligibility with your application (a specific Reduction-in-Force (RIF)
separation notice, or a proposed notice of removal for declining a directed
reassignment or transfer of function outside the local commuting area, a
certificate of expected separation or other official certification issued by the
Department indicating the position is surplus).
    Other Special Hiring Authorities: If claiming eligibility under a Special
Hiring Authority not listed above submit appropriate supporting documentation.

AGENCY CONTACT INFO:
Offeibea Adu-Darko
Phone: 703-995-9690
Fax: 703-995-8590
Email: oadarko@yrci.com
Agency Information:
USDA/Rural Development
1400 Independence Ave., S.W.
Washington, DC,
20250
USA
Fax: 703-995-8590
WHAT TO EXPECT NEXT:
If you set up your USAJOBS account to send automatic email notifications, you
will receive an email acknowledging: 1) the submission of your online
Occupational Questionnaire and resume was successful,  2) if you were referred
to the selecting official for consideration, and  3) if you were selected or not
selected. If you choose not to set up automatic email notifications, you must
check your USAJOBS account for the latest status of your application. Your
application may be reviewed to verify that you meet the qualifications and
eligibility requirements for the position prior to issuing lists to a selecting
official. If further evaluation or interviews are required, you will be
contacted. Normally, a final job offer to the selected candidate is made within
30-60 days after the issuance of the certificate.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             845 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                      IPR

                      April 21, 2016 Thursday 2:23 PM  EST

RBI RELEASES 'QUARTERLY BSR-1: OUTSTANDING CREDIT OF SCHEDULED COMMERCIAL BANKS
FOR SEPTEMBER 2015'

LENGTH: 427  words


MUMBAI, India, April 21 -- Reserve Bank of India issued the following press
release:

The Reserve Bank of India today released the web publication 'Quarterly BSR-1:
Outstanding Credit of Scheduled Commercial Banks (SCBs), September 2015'. Under
BSR-1, information on occupation/activity and organisational sector of the
borrower, type of account, interest rate, credit limit and amount outstanding
are collected for each loan account. Such information is aggregated at the bank
group, population group and state level using locational parameters of the
reporting bank offices.

This web publication contains comprehensive quarterly data on gross bank credit
of SCBs (other than RRBs) since December 31, 2014. The data can be accessed at
http://dbie.rbi.org.in/DBIE/dbie.rbi?site=publications#!12 through the website:
Database on Indian Economy (DBIE) (http://dbie.rbi.org.in).

HIGHLIGHTS:

* Marginal recovery in the overall credit situation was observed during
September 2015 as compared to June 2015. With an increase of 4 million credit
accounts, gross bank credit of scheduled commercial banks (excluding regional
rural banks) registered a quarterly growth of 1.7 per cent in September 2015.

* Outstanding Credit in metropolitan area registered a quarterly growth of 1.3
per cent during September 2015 as compared to a decline (q-o-q) of 1.8 per cent
during June 2015. Along similar lines, urban and semi-urban areas also
registered a q-o-q growth of 3.1 per cent each during September 2015. However,
marginal slowdown in rural credit was observed during this quarter.

* The number of small borrowal accounts (with credit limit up to 0.2 million)
increased by 3 per cent and the amount outstanding witnessed a growth of 2.4 per
cent in September 2015.

* 'Agriculture' and 'Industry' sectors, having a combined share of more than 50
per cent in overall credit, registered positive q-o-q growth during September
2015; these sectors were in negative territory in June 2015. 'Personal Loans'
registered an increase of 4.3 per cent in September 2015, mostly due to
consistent q-o-q growth of around 3.1 per cent in housing loans and 4.6 per cent
in education loans in this quarter.

* The weighted average lending rate (WALR) of all rupee loans and advances was
estimated as 11.59 per cent in September 2015 as compared to 11.69 per cent in
June 2015. The reduction in WALR was observed in all sectors except 'Trade'.

Ajit Prasad

Assistant Adviser For any query with respect to this article or any other
content requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             846 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 18, 2014 Thursday

Agriculture, Rural Housing Service: Loan Specialist (General) DEU-NY-2014-5172

LENGTH: 3509  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of Personnel Management has issued the following job announcement:

Job Title:Loan Specialist (General)

Department:Department Of Agriculture

Agency:Agriculture, Rural Housing Service

Job Announcement Number:DEU-NY-2014-5172
SALARY RANGE:
 $54,035.00 to $101,866.00 / Per Year
OPEN PERIOD:
 Thursday, September 18, 2014 to Monday, September 29, 2014
SERIES & GRADE:
 GS-1165-09/12
POSITION INFORMATION:
 Full-Time - Permanent
PROMOTION POTENTIAL:
12
DUTY LOCATIONS:
 1 vacancy - Schoharie, NY View Map
WHO MAY APPLY:
 US Citizens and Nationals; no prior Federal experience is required.
SECURITY CLEARANCE:
 Q - Nonsensitive
SUPERVISORY STATUS:
 No
JOB SUMMARY:

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural Development Agency serves rural
communities throughout the country by investing in their communities through
housing and utility infrastructure, by increasing economic opportunity, and by
improving the quality of life for all rural Americans.  Rural Development
provides over 40 loan and grant programs in the Rural Housing and Community
Facilities Services, Rural Business and Cooperative Services, and Rural
Utilities Service. Rural Development supports a positive work environment and
promotes diversity and inclusion for nearly 5,000 employees.

Rural Development is a dynamic organization recruiting for employees who possess
the energy, compassion, and commitment to serve those in rural communities and
will enjoy working in a fast paced and results driven organization.  Our
commitment is to expand economic opportunity and quality of life in all of rural
America by providing financial programs to support essential public facilities
and services such as water and sewer systems, housing, health clinics, emergency
service facilities and electric and telephone service.  Rural Development offers
a friendly and professional working environment and such excellent benefits as:
a generous salary, alternative work schedules, paid vacation and sick leave,
paid holidays, retirement and supplemental savings plan, a wide array of health,
dental, vision, and life insurance plans, flexible spending accounts, and
long-term care insurance.

This announcement may be used to fill additional or subsequent vacancies
identified by the organization.

TRAVEL REQUIRED

Occasional Travel
    1-5 days

RELOCATION AUTHORIZED

No

KEY REQUIREMENTS

US Citizenship is required.
    Selective Service Registration is required for males born after 12/31/1959.
    A 1-year probationary period is required.
    Background investigation and/or fingerprint check is required.

DUTIES:
Back to top

Serves as a technical expert for the region on processing and servicing a
variety of program loans and guarantees.
    Provides advice and assistance on a variety of loan making and servicing
methods, analysis of borrowers records and operations, rural development, and
handling of legal and problem cases.
    Conducts applicant interviews (which may involve first-time buyers unaware
of the problems related to home ownership) to review applications for
eligibility and financial soundness.
    Develops and maintains appropriate and cooperative relationships and
outreach with: customers, potential borrowers, representatives of other Federal,
State, and local agencies, banks, other commercial and educational institutions,
and rural community groups.

QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED:
Back to top

Applicants must meet all qualifications and eligibility requirements by the
closing date of the announcement including the following specialized experience
and/or education, as identified by grade level.

For the GS-09 level: Applicants must have 1 year of specialized experience
equivalent to at least the GS-07; or its non-Federal equivalent that
demonstrates: knowledge and understanding of mortgage loan making/servicing and
credit principles and practices in order to assess the fundamental soundness of
single family housing loans and to independently examine applications,
supporting documents, and credit reports, and maintain servicing activities on
small mortgage loans. Experience may have been gained in work equivalent to
furnishing information to borrowers and applicants on loan programs, eligibility
requirements, financial and credit requirements; analyzing information provided
by loan applicants, recommending eligibility and/or approving mortgage loans.
And conducting credit counseling to all applicants, borrowers and debt
adjustment services. OR master's or equivalent graduate degree OR 2 full years
of progressively higher level graduate education leading to such a degree or
LL.B. or J.D., if related. Equivalent combinations of education and experience
are qualifying for this grade level.

For the GS-11 level: Applicants must have 1 year of specialized experience
equivalent to at least the GS-09; or its non-Federal equivalent that
demonstrates: knowledge and understanding of loan making/servicing and credit
principles and practices in order to assess the fundamental soundness of loans
and independently examine applications, supporting documents, and credit
reports, and maintain servicing activities on small less complex loans.
Experience may have been gained in work equivalent to furnishing information to
borrowers and applicants on loan programs, eligibility requirements financial
and credit requirements; analyzing information provided by loan applicants,
determining eligibility for loans and making loan recommendations to a senior
employee; assisting senior level employees in initiating action to graduate
borrowers who are eligible for other credit sources; and participating in
providing credit counseling to all borrowers and debt adjustments services. OR
Ph.D. or equivalent doctoral degree or 3 full years of progressively higher
level graduate education leading to such a degree or LL.M., if related.
Equivalent combinations of education and experience are qualifying for this
grade level.

For the GS-12 level: Applicants must have 1 year of specialized experience
equivalent to at least the GS-11; or its non-Federal equivalent that
demonstrates: a thorough knowledge and understanding of loan making/servicing
and credit principles and practices in order to assess the fundamental soundness
of loans and to independently examine applications, supporting documents, and
credit reports, and maintain servicing activities on a variety of loans.
Experience may have been gained in work equivalent to reviewing and passing upon
loan association; performing financial analysis of commercial concerns for
investment purposes; reviewing financial audits and reports on municipal
entities; or similar work. There is no substitution of education for experience
at the GS-12 level.

NOTE: To be considered for this position, you must meet all qualification and
eligibility requirements for the GS-1165 series set forth in the Office of
Personnel Management (OPM) Qualification Standards by the closing date of the
announcement. A copy is available at:
http://www.opm.gov/qualifications/index.asp.

Undergraduate and Graduate Education: Major study - finance, business
administration, economics, accounting, insurance, engineering, mathematics,
banking and credit, law, real estate operations, statistics, or other field
related to the position, such as agriculture, agricultural economics, farm,
livestock or ranch management, or rural sociology.

o  May be subject to satisfactory completion of one year probationary or trial
period.
o  CONFIDENTIAL FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE REPORT: If selected, you will be required
to submit Form OGE-450 within 30 days of your initial appointment date, and
annually thereafter. Selectee is subject to financial Disclosure Requirements in
accordance with 5 CFR, Part 2635, Sub part E regarding business or personal
transactions with applicants, borrowers, or business contacts who have or who
are seeking business with this Agency. Selectee must be able to obtain and
maintain a security clearance. If selected you will be subject to a National
Agency Check and Inquiry (NACI) and a credit report.
o  Have your salary sent to a financial institution of your choice by Direct
Deposit/Electronic Funds Transfer.
o  If you are newly hired, the documentation you present for purposes of
completing the Department Homeland Security (DHS) Form I-9 on your entry-on-duty
date will be verified through the DHS "E-VERIFY" system. Federal law requires
the use of E-VERIFY to confirm the employment eligibility of all new hires.
Under this system, the new hire is required to resolve any identified
discrepancies as a condition of continued employment.
o  To be eligible for appointment to this position, the new hire must be cleared
to come on board once the results of the fingerprint check, review of the
OF-306, Declaration for Federal Employment, and the candidate's Electronic
Questionnaires for Investigations Processing (eQIP) entries have been reviewed
and determined to be satisfactory.  This position requires a favorable credit
check as part of the background investigation.
o  Travel will be required.
HOW YOU WILL BE EVALUATED:

The category rating procedure is used to rank and select eligible candidates.
Under category rating, applicants who meet basic minimum qualification
requirements established for the position and whose job related competencies
have been assessed are ranked by being placed in one of the following
categories: Best Qualified, Well Qualified, and Qualified. Preference eligibles
are listed ahead of non-preference eligibles within each category.
    You will be evaluated based on your qualifications for this position as
evidenced by the education, experience, and training you described in your
application package, as well as the responses to the Occupational Questionnaire
to determine the degree to which you possess the knowledge, skills, abilities
and competencies listed below:

Knowledge of Housing, Commercial and Community Programs loan and/or grant making
requirements.
        Knowledge of Housing, Commercial and Community Programs servicing
requirements.
        Knowledge of Building Standards, Costs, Specifications and Contracts.
        Program Administration/Project Management.
        Oral Communication.
        Written Communication.

We will review your application, including the online Occupational
Questionnaire, to ensure you meet the job requirements and assess your ability
to perform this job. Before any certificate can be issued to the selecting
official, the resume and supporting documents are reviewed by an HR Specialist
to ensure that (a) minimum qualification requirements are met and (b) the resume
supports the answers provided to the job-specific questions. Your answers will
be verified against information provided in your online resume and application.
Be sure that your resume clearly supports your responses to all the questions
addressing experience and education relevant to this position.
    Veterans' Preference: Preference eligibles will be listed at the top of
their assigned category, before non-preference eligibles in that category.
Preference eligibles who have a compensable service-connected disability of 10
percent or more (CPS, CP) are placed at the top of the Best Qualified category
on the referral list. XP and TP preference eligibles are placed above
non-preference eligibles within their assigned category. For additional
information on entitlement see:
http://www.fedshirevets.gov/job/vetpref/index.aspx.

Note: If, after reviewing your resume and / or supporting documentation, a
determination is made that you have inflated your qualifications and or
experience, your score can / will be lowered to more accurately reflect the
submitted documentation. Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or
omissions may affect your rating. Deliberate attempts to falsify information may
be grounds for not selecting you.

To view the application form, visit:
https://rhs.usda.ntis.gov/cp/?event=jobs.previewApplication&jobid=8c0cd00b-a1b8-
42ca-b5d3-a39600df070e

BENEFITS:
Back to top
The Federal Government offers a comprehensive benefits package.  Explore the
major benefits offered to most Federal employees at:
http://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/healthcare/enrollment/new-federal-employ
ee-enrollment/

OTHER INFORMATION:
o  If you are a male applicant born after December 31, 1959, certify that you
have registered with the Selective Service System or are exempt from having to
do so.
o  BACKGROUND INVESTIGATION AND FINGERPRINT CHECK:  Selection and retention in
this position is contingent on a successfully adjudicated FBI National Criminal
History Check (fingerprint check) and a background investigation.
o  Career Transition Assistance Plan(CTAP) or Interagency Career Transition
Assistance Plan (ICTAP):   If you are claiming CTAP/ICTAP eligibility, provide
proof of eligibility to include your most recent performance appraisal, SF-50,
and proof of eligibility such as a RIF separation notice or letter from OPM/your
agency.  CTAP/ICTAP eligibles must score at least well-qualified or above.
Information about CTAP/ICTAP eligibility is on OPM's Career Transition Resources
website at http://www.opm.gov/ctap/index.asp.
o  If you are selected for a position with further promotion potential, you will
be placed under a career development plan, and may be non-competitively promoted
if you successfully complete the requirements and if recommended by management.
However, promotion is neither implied nor guaranteed.
o  Relocation expenses are not authorized.
o  This position is eligible for telework and other flexible work arrangements.
Employee participation is at the discretion of the supervisor.
o  Persons with disabilities who require alternative means for communication of
program information (Braille, large print, audiotape, etc) should contact:
USDA's TARGET Center at 202-720-2600 (voice and TDD).
HOW TO APPLY:
Back to top

Please read the entire announcement and all the instructions before you begin.
The following instructions outline our application process.

You must complete this application process and submit all required documents
electronically by 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time (ET) on the closing date of this
announcement.
    We are available to assist you during business hours (normally 8:00 a.m. -
4:00 p.m., Monday - Friday). If you cannot apply on-line, call the number listed
under Agency Contact Information prior to the closing date to request a hard
copy of the complete application package. Application packages will be sent to
applicant. The completed package along with any required supporting documents
must be received in the HR Office by the closing date of the announcement. No
extension will be granted.
    This agency provides reasonable accommodation to applicants with
disabilities on a case-by-case basis; contact us if you are requesting this.

Step 1: Create a USAJOBS account (if you do not have one) at www.usajobs.gov. It
is recommended that as part of your profile you set up automatic email
notification to be informed when the status of your application changes. If you
choose not to set up this automatic notification, then you will have to log into
your USAJOBS account to check on the status of your application.

Step 2: Create a resume with USAJOBS or upload a resume into your USAJOBS
account. Customize your resume to ensure it documents duties and accomplishments
you have gained that are directly related to this position in order to verify
that qualifications are met. Your resume must support your responses to the
online questionnaire (you may preview the online questionnaire by clicking on
the link at the end of the How You Will Be Evaluated section of the job
announcement).

Step 3: Click "Apply Online" and follow the prompts to complete the Occupational
Questionnaire and attach any additional documents that may be required.
You can update your application or documents anytime while the announcement is
open. Log into your USAJOBS account and click on "Application Status." Click on
the position title, and then select "Update Application" to continue.
NOTE: Verify that uploaded documents from USAJOBs transfer into the Agency's
staffing system. Once in the Agency's staffing system you will have the
opportunity to upload additional documents. Uploaded documents must be less than
3MB and in one of the following document formats: GIF, JPG, JPEG, PNG, RTF, PDF,
or Word (DOC or DOCX).


REQUIRED DOCUMENTS:

You must submit a complete Application Package, prior to 11:59, ET, on the
closing date of this announcement.  The following documents must be submitted
for your application package to be considered complete. It is your
responsibility to ensure all required documents are received within the required
timeframes. Our office cannot be responsible for incompatible software,
illegible fax transmissions, delays in the mail service, system failure or
downtime, etc. Failure to submit required, legible documents may result in loss
of consideration.

Resume that includes the following information: 1) job information for which you
are applying; 2) personal information; 3) education; 4) work experience
including the work schedule and hours worked per week as well as dates of
employment; and title, series and grade if applicable; 5) supervisors phone
number and e-mail address for each work period listed and whether or not we may
contact them for reference checks; and, 6) other qualifications.
    College Transcripts if education is required for meeting basic
qualifications and/or you are substituting education for specialized experience
and/or if you are using education to meet the criteria for the quality category.
An unofficial copy is sufficient with the application; however, if selected, an
official college transcript will be required prior to entering on duty. All
foreign education must be evaluated by an accrediting body recognized by the US
Department of Education.
    DD-214 (Member 4 Copy) if claiming Veterans' Preference. Veterans claiming
10 point preference must also submit a VA Letter and an SF-15 Application for
10-point Veteran Preference. Current Active Duty members must submit a
certification that they are of expected to be discharge or released from active
duty under honorable conditions dated no later than 120 days after the date the
certification is submitted.
    Other required documents may include:
        CTAP/ICTAP Required Documentation Reduction-In-Force: Certification of
Expected Separation, Reduction-In-Force Separation Notice, or Notice of Proposed
Removal; AND most recent performance evaluation; AND SF-50 demonstrating your
separation or the position you will be separated from.
        Worker's Compensation Separation: Agency certification of inability to
place employee AND Notification of Separation OR Separation SF-50.
        Disability Annuity Termination: Notification from OPM of disability
annuity termination AND Separation SF-50 of the last position held. Military
Reserve or National Guard Technician Special Disability Retirement Annuity under
5 U.S.C. 8337(h) or 8456: Certification of special disability retirement annuity
from a military department or National Guard Bureau AND Separation SF-50 of the
last position held.

NOTE: If a document is resubmitted, it replaces the previous submission, which
means the previous document is no longer available to the Human Resources
Office. If you are adding to, rather than replacing a previous submission, you
must upload both the old document and the new document. Please verify that
documents you are uploading from USAJOBs transfer into the Agency's staffing
system as there is a limitation to the number of documents that can be
transferred. However, once in the Agency's staffing system, you will have the
opportunity to upload additional documents. Uploaded resumes must be less than
3MB and in one of the following document formats: GIF, JPG, JPEG, PNG, RTF, PDF,
or Word (DOC or DOCX).
AGENCY CONTACT INFO:
Marcella Parson
Phone: (314) 457-5560
Fax: (314) 457-4461
Email: marcella.parson@stl.usda.gov
Agency Information:
USDA, Rural Development
4300 Goodfellow Blvd.
St. Louis, MO,
63120
USA
Fax: (314) 457-4461
WHAT TO EXPECT NEXT:
If you set up your USAJOBS account to send automatic email notifications, you
will receive an email acknowledging: 1) the submission of your online
Occupational Questionnaire and resume was successful,  2) if you were referred
to the selecting official for consideration, and  3) if you were selected or not
selected. If you choose not to set up automatic email notifications, you must
check your USAJOBS account for the latest status of your application. Your
application may be reviewed to verify that you meet the qualifications and
eligibility requirements for the position prior to issuing lists to a selecting
official. If further evaluation or interviews are required, you will be
contacted. Normally, a final job offer to the selected candidate is made within
30-60 days after the issuance of the certificate.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             847 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Namibian (Windhoek)

                                January 07, 2015

Workers Threaten to Demolish NHE Houses

LENGTH: 638 words


ABOUT 400 unpaid workers at a Rundu construction site have threatened to
demolish the 120 National Housing Enterprise (NHE) houses they built and to kill
the subcontractor.

The workers are employed by a company called EPK that was subcontracted by
Greencycle Investment, which is in a private public partnership with NHE for the
construction of 308 houses at Rundu. So far 120 houses earmarked for the first
phase have already been completed.

Greencycle Investments director Henny Seibeb confirmed on Monday that the
workers were not paid for December and that they have threatened to demolish the
houses.

Seibeb said: "[The] workers are threatening us, saying they will break down the
houses."

One of the construction workers at the Rundu site, Felix Haingura, also told The
Namibian on Monday that there were threats to demolish the houses and kill or
harm the employers.

Just like many other workers that were not paid, Haingura said he and his family
had 'nothing' to eat for Christmas and New Year.

"We have not received a single cent until now. It affected me very badly. Going
into Christmas and New Year without money is very, very bad. It is such a big
disappointment," Haingura said.

The situation, Haingura said, has resulted in the working relationship between
employees and employers turning sour.

"It created misunderstandings and threats," he said.

On Monday, Brian Kahengombe of EPK said: "Yes, we have not been paid. To be
honest, we followed up with Greencycle and they said that they had not been paid
by NHE."

EPK Rundu site manager Tiaan Marais also said the workers could not travel to be
with their families.

"They also couldn't pay for rent and meet other commitments," he said.

Seibeb said his company submitted their invoice to NHE for N$80 million in early
December, and were only paid N$10 million, which they used to pay bulk service
providers, leaving nothing for subcontractors.

Seibeb said NHE chief executive officer Vinson Hailulu claims government is
refusing to release funds.

According to Seibeb, the companies refuse to start with the second phase if they
are not compensated for the first phase's work.

"We will not continue with the second phase if Government is sabotaging its own
project. We need an urgent intervention. We are angry. We cannot keep quiet any
longer. NHE is not giving us clear answers."

A source in the construction industry said apart from the non-payment of
workers, bank charges were also killing contractors who have been forced to
default on payments.

"The default is killing us," the source said on Monday. "The guys who have built
the houses from the foundations to the roofs have not been paid. I don't think
the President [Hifikepunye Pohamba] will like it."

The Namibian understands that most companies working with NHE on housing
projects had to acquire loans from commercial banks which charge them 10%
interest per day.

With NHE not paying them, a source whose company has been defaulting on the loan
since 1 January this year has been incurring more than N$300 000 interest per
day.

Hailulu yesterday pleaded ignorance about the crisis. According to him, he is on
leave and has not been briefed about the developments. "I am on leave. I don't
know about that."

When asked whether he had been on leave since December when the invoice was
submitted, he slammed down the phone.

A call to the NHE head office yesterday revealed that Hailulu was still in the
office last month when the invoice was received by NHE.

Both his secretary and his personal assistant are also on leave while no one was
appointed to act on his behalf during his absence.

The Namibian understands that NHE received about N$100 million from the Ministry
of Regional and Local Government and Housing and Rural Development to pay
contractors and that most of those who were paid are working on mass housing
projects.

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             848 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 23, 2016 Monday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Request for Proposals: Farm Labor Housing Technical Assistance
Grants

LENGTH: 3780  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



  DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Housing Service Request for Proposals: Farm
Labor Housing Technical Assistance Grants AGENCY: Rural Housing Service, USDA.
ACTION: Notice.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
This Request for Proposal (RFP) announces an availability of funds and the
timeframe to submit proposals for Farm Labor Housing Technical Assistance
(FLH-TA) grants.

Section 516(i) of the Housing Act of 1949, as amended (Act), authorizes the
Rural Housing Service (RHS) to provide financial assistance (grants) to eligible
private and public non-profit agencies to encourage the development of domestic
and migrant farm labor housing projects. This RFP requests proposals from
qualified private and public non-profit agencies to provide technical assistance
to groups who qualify for FLH loans and grants. Work performed under these
grants is expected to result in an increased submission of quality applications
for FLH loans and grants under the Section 514 and Section 516 programs and as a
result an increase in the availability of decent, safe, and sanitary housing for
farm laborers. DATES: The deadline for receipt of all applications in response
to this RFP is 5:00 p.m., Eastern Daylight Time, on July 22, 2016. The
application closing deadline is firm as to date and hour. RHS will not consider
any application that is received after the closing deadline. Applicants
intending to mail applications must provide sufficient time to permit delivery
on or before the closing deadline. Acceptance by a post office or private mailer
does not constitute delivery. Facsimile (FAX), Cash on Delivery (COD), and
postage due applications will not be accepted. ADDRESSES: Applications should be
submitted to the USDA--Rural Housing Service; Attention: Mirna Reyes-Bible,
Finance and Loan Analyst, Multi- Family Housing Preservation and Direct Loan
Division, STOP 0781 (Room 1243-S), USDA Rural Development, 1400 Independence
Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-0781. RHS will date and time stamp incoming
applications to evidence timely receipt and, upon request, will provide the
applicant with a written acknowledgement of receipt. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION
CONTACT: Mirna Reyes-Bible, Finance and Loan Analyst, Multi-Family Housing
Preservation and Direct Loan Division, STOP 0781 (Room 1243-S), USDA Rural
Development, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-0781, telephone:
(202) 720-1753 (this is not a toll free number), or via email:
mirna.reyesbible@wdc.usda.gov SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Overview Information
Federal Agency Name: Rural Housing Service. Funding Opportunity Title: Request
for Proposals (RFP): Farm Labor Housing Technical Assistance Grants.
Announcement Type: Initial Announcement. Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance:
10.405. Dates: The deadline for receipt of all applications in response to this
RFP is 5:00 p.m., Eastern Daylight Time, on July 22, 2016. The application
closing deadline is firm as to date and hour. RHS will not consider any
application that is received after the closing deadline. Applicants intending to
mail applications must provide sufficient time to permit delivery on or before
the closing deadline. Acceptance by a post office or private mailer does not
constitute delivery. Facsimile (FAX), COD, and postage due applications will not
be accepted. I. Program Description The technical assistance grants authorized
under Section 516 of the Act are for the purpose of encouraging the development
of domestic and migrant FLH projects under Sections 514 and 516 of the Act. RHS
regulations for Section 514 and Section 516 FLH program are published at 7 CFR
part 3560. Further requirements for technical assistance grants can be found at
7 CFR part 3560, subpart L. Proposals must demonstrate the capacity to provide
the intended technical assistance. [[Page 32287]] II. Award Information RHS will
publish on its Web site, http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/farm-labor-
housing-direct-loans-grants, the amount of funding available in FY 2016. RHS
intends to award one grant for each of three geographic regions listed below.
When establishing the three regions, and amount of funding available for each
region, consideration was given to such factors as farmworker migration patterns
and the similarity of agricultural products and labor needs within certain areas
of the United States. A single applicant may submit grant proposals for more
than one region; however, separate proposals must be submitted for each region.
Eastern Region: AL, CT, DE, FL, GA, IN, KY, MA, MD, ME, NH, NJ, NY, NC, OH, PA,
PR, RI, SC, TN, VI, VT, VA, and WV. Central Region: AR, IL, IA, KS, LA, MI, MN,
MS, MO, NE., ND, OK, SD, TX, NM, and WI. Western Region: AK, AZ, CA, CO, HI, ID,
MT, NV, OR, UT, WA, WY, Pacific Territories, and Regions The RHS has the
authority under the Act to utilize up to 10 percent of its Section 516
appropriations for FLH-TA grants. The disbursement of grant funds during the
grant period will be contingent upon the applicant making progress in meeting
the minimum performance requirements as described in the Scope of Work section
of this Notice, and the Grant Agreement including, but not limited to, the
submission of loan application packages. III. Eligibility Information Eligible
Applicants: Eligibility for grants under this Notice is limited to private and
public non-profit agencies. Applicants must have the knowledge, ability,
technical expertise, or practical experience necessary to develop and package
loan and grant applications for FLH under the Section 514 and Section 516
programs (see Section IV. Application and Submission Information). In addition,
applicants must possess the ability to exercise leadership, organize work, and
prioritize assignments to meet work demands in a timely and cost efficient
manner. The applicant may arrange for other non-profit agencies to provide
services on its behalf; however, the RHS will expect the applicant to provide
the overall management necessary to ensure the objectives of the grant are met.
Non-profit agencies acting on behalf of the applicant must also meet the
eligibility requirements stated above. Cost Sharing or Matching: Cost sharing is
not applicable to this program. Minimum Performance Requirements (1) Applicants
shall conduct outreach to broad-based non-profit organizations, non-profit
organizations of farmworkers, federally recognized Indian tribes, agencies or
political subdivisions of State or local Government, public agencies (such as
housing authorities) and other eligible FLH organizations to further the Section
514 and Section 516 FLH programs. Outreach will consist of a minimum of 12
informational presentations to the general public annually to inform them about
the Section 514 Section and 516 FLH programs. (2) Applicants shall conduct at
least 12 one-on-one meetings annually with groups who are interested in applying
for FLH loans or grants and assist such groups with the loan and grant
application process. (3) Applicants shall assist loan and grant applicants
secure funding from other sources for the purpose of leveraging those funds with
RHS funds. (4) Applicants shall provide technical assistance during the
development and construction phase of FLH proposals selected for funding. (5)
When submitting a grant proposal, applicants need not identify the geographic
location of the places they intend to target for their outreach activities,
however, applicants must commit to targeting at least five areas within the
grant proposal's region. All targeted areas must be distinct market areas and
not be overlapping. At least four of the targeted areas must be in different
States. If the proposal is selected for funding, the applicant will be required
to consult with each Rural Development State Director in the proposal's region
for the purpose of developing their list of targeted areas. When determining
which areas to target, consideration will be given to (a) the total number of
farmworkers in the area, (b) the number of farmworkers in that area who lack
adequate housing, (c) the percentage of the total number of farmworkers that are
without adequate housing, and (d) areas which have not recently had a Section
514 or Section 516 loan or grant funded for new construction. In addition, if
selected for funding, the applicant will be required to revise their Statement
of Work to identify the geographic location of the targeted areas and will
submit their revised Statement of Work to the National Office approval. When
submitted for approval, the applicant must also submit a summary of their
consultation with the Rural Development State Directors. At grant closing, the
revised Statement of Work will be attached to, and become a part of, the grant
agreement. (6) During the grant period, each applicant must submit a minimum
number of loan application packages to the Agency for funding consideration. The
minimum number shall be the greater of (a) at least nine loan application
packages for the Eastern and Western Regions and at least seven for the Central
Region or, (b) a total number of loan application packages that is equal to 70
percent of the number of areas the applicant's proposal committed to targeting.
Fractional percentages shall be rounded up to the next whole number. For
example, if the applicant's proposal committed to targeting 13 areas, then the
applicant must submit at least 10 loan application packages during the grant
period (13 areas x 70 percent = 9.1 rounded up to 10). The disbursement of grant
funds during the grant period will be contingent upon the applicant making
progress in meeting this minimum performance requirement. More than one
application package for the same market area will not be considered unless the
applicant submits documentation of the need for more than one FLH facility. (7)
Provide training to applicants of FLH loans and grants to assist them in their
ability to manage FLH. IV. Application and Submission Information
Intergovernmental Review. The Technical Assistant program is not subject to the
provisions of Executive Order 12372, which require intergovernmental
consultation with State and local officials. Expenses incurred in applying for
this Notice will be borne by and be at the applicant's risk. The application
process will be in two phases; the initial application (or proposal) and the
submission of a formal application. Only those proposals that are selected for
funding will be invited to submit formal applications. All proposals must
include the following: (1) A summary page listing the following items. This
information should be double-spaced between items and not be in narrative form.
a. Applicant's name, b. Applicant's Taxpayer Identification Number, c.
Applicant's address, d. Applicant's telephone number, e. Name of applicant's
contact person, telephone number, and address, [[Page 32288]] f. Amount of grant
requested, g. The FLH-TA grant region for which the proposal is submitted (i.e.,
Eastern, Central, or Western Region), and h. Address unique entity identifier
and System for Award Management (SAM). As part of the application, all
applicants, except for individuals or agencies excepted under 2 CFR 25.110(d),
must be: (1) Registered in the System for Award Management (SAM); (2) provide a
valid unique entity identifier in its applications; and (3) maintain an active
SAM registration with current information at all times during which it has an
active Federal award or application. An award may not be made to the applicant
until the applicant has complied with the unique entity identifier and SAM
requirements. (2) A narrative describing the applicant's ability to meet the
eligibility requirements stated in this Notice. If the applicant intends to have
other agencies working on their behalf, the narrative must identify those
agencies and address their ability to meet the stated eligibility requirements.
(3) A detailed Statement of Work covering a 3-year period that contains
measurable monthly and annual accomplishments. The applicant's Statement of Work
is a critical component of the selection process. The Statement of Work must
include an outreach component describing the applicant's activities to inform
potentially eligible groups about the Section 514 and Section 516 FLH program.
The outreach component must include a schedule of their planned outreach
activities and must be included in a manner so that performance can be measured.
In addition, the outreach activities must be coordinated with the appropriate
RHS State Office and meet the minimum performance requirements as stated in the
Scope of Work section of this Notice. The Statement of Work must state how many
areas the applicant will target for their outreach activities (Note: If selected
for funding, the applicant will be required to revise their Statement of Work,
after consultation with Rural Development State Directors, to identify the areas
that will be targeted). The Statement of Work must also include a component for
training organizations on the application process and the long-term management
of FLH. The Statement of Work will also describe the applicant's plans to access
other funding for the development and construction of FLH and their experience
in obtaining such funding. The Statement of Work must describe any duties or
activities that will be performed by other agencies on behalf of the applicant.
(4) An organizational plan that includes a staffing chart complete with name,
job title, salary, hours, timelines, and descriptions of employee duties to
achieve the objectives of the grant program. (5) Organizational documents and
financial statements to evidence the applicant's status as a properly organized
private or public non- profit agency and the financial ability to carry out the
objectives of the grant program. If other agencies will be working on behalf of
the applicant, working agreements between the applicant and those agencies must
be submitted as part of the proposal and any associated cost must be included in
the applicant's budget. Organizational and financial statements must also be
submitted as part of the application for any agencies that will be working on
behalf of the applicant to document the eligibility of those organizations. (6)
A detailed budget plan projecting the monthly and annual expenses the applicant
will incur. Costs will be limited to those that are allowed under 2 CFR part
200. (7) To insure that funds are equitably distributed and that there is no
duplication of efforts on related projects, all applicants are to submit a list
of projects they are currently involved with, whether publicly or privately
supported, that are or may be, related to the objectives of this grant. In
addition, the same disclosure must be provided for any agencies that will be
working on behalf of the applicant. (8) The applicant must include a narrative
describing its knowledge, demonstrated ability, or practical experience in
providing training and technical assistance to applicants of loans or grants for
the development of multi-family or farmworker housing. The applicant must
identify the type of assistance that was applied for (loan or grant, tax
credits, leveraged funding, etc.), the number of times they have provided such
assistance, and the success ratio of their applications. In addition,
information must be provided concerning the number of housing units, their size,
their design, and the amount of grant and loan funds that were secured. (9) A
narrative describing the applicant's knowledge and demonstrated ability in
estimating development and construction costs of multi-family or farm labor
housing and for obtaining the necessary permits and clearances. (10) A narrative
describing the applicant's ability and experience in overcoming community
opposition to FLH and describing the methods and techniques that they will use
to overcome any such opposition, should it occur. (11) A separate one-page
information sheet listing each of the ``Application Scoring Criteria'' contained
in this Notice, followed by the page numbers of all relevant material and
documentation that is contained in the proposal that supports these criteria. V.
Application Review Information The initial application (or proposal) evaluation
process designed for this RFP will consist of two phases. The first phase will
evaluate the applicant's Statement of Work and the degree to which it sets forth
measurable objectives that are consistent with the objectives of FLH-TA grant
program. The second phase will evaluate the applicant's knowledge and ability to
provide the management necessary for carrying out a FLH- TA grant program.
Proposals will only compete against other proposals within the same region.
Selection points will be awarded as follows: Phase I--Statement of Work The
Statement of Work will be evaluated to determine the degree to which it outlines
efficient and measurable monthly and annual outcomes as follows: a. The minimum
performance requirements of this Notice require that the applicant commit to
targeting at least five areas (at least four of which are in different States).
The more areas the applicant commits to targeting, the more scoring points they
will be awarded. As stated earlier in this Notice, the more areas the applicant
commits to the more loan application packages must be submitted. The amount will
be established in the Statement of Work. The number of areas within the region
that the applicant has committed to targeting for outreach activities: (1) 5-7
targeted areas: 0 points (2) 8 targeted areas: 5 points (3) 9-10 targeted areas:
10 points (4) 11-12 targeted areas: 15 points (5) 13 or more areas: 20 points a.
RHS wants the applicant to cover as much of the grant region as possible. RHS
does not want the applicant's efforts to be concentrated in a limited number of
States. For this reason, additional points will be awarded to grant proposals
that target areas in more than four States (the minimum requirement is four).
Applications only compete within their grant region. The grant proposal commits
to targeting areas in the following number of States: [[Page 32289]] (1) 4
States: 0 points (2) 5 States: 5 points (3) 6 States: 10 points (4) 7 States: 15
points (5) More than 7 States: 20 points Phase II--Project Management a. The
number of successful multi-family or FLH loan or grant applications the
applicant entity has assisted in developing and packaging: (1) 0-5 applications:
0 points (2) 6-10 applications: 10 points (3) 11-15 applications: 20 points (4)
16 or more applications: 30 points b. The number of groups seeking loans or
grants for the development of multi-family or FLH projects that the applicant
entity has provided training and technical assistance. (1) 0-5 groups: 0 points
(2) 6-10 groups: 5 points (3) 11-15 groups: 10 points (4) 16 or more groups: 15
points c. The number of multi-family or FLH projects for which the applicant
entity has assisted in estimating development and construction costs and
obtaining the necessary permits and clearances: (1) 0-5 projects: 0 points (2)
6-10 projects: 5 points (3) 11-15 projects: 10 points (4) 16 or more projects:
15 points d. The number of times the applicant entity has encountered community
opposition and was able to overcome that opposition so that farm labor housing
was successfully developed. (1) 0-2 times: 0 points (2) 2-5 times: 5 points (3)
6-10 times: 10 points (4) 11 or more times: 15 points e. The number of times the
applicant entity has been able to leverage funding from two or more sources for
the development of a multi-family or FLH project. (1) 0-5 times: 0 points (2)
6-10 times: 5 points (3) 11-15 times: 10 points (4) 16 or more times: 15 points
f. The number of FLH projects that the applicant entity has assisted with
on-going management (i.e., rent-up, maintenance, etc.): (1) 0-5 FLH projects: 0
points (2) 6-10 FLH projects: 5 points (3) 11-15 FLH projects: 10 points (4) 16
or more FLH projects: 15 points The National Office will rank all
pre-applications by region and distribute funds to the regions in rank order and
within funding limits. Tie Breakers--In the event two or more proposals within a
region are scored with an equal amount of points, selections will be made in the
following order: (1) If an applicant has already had a proposal selected, their
proposal will not be selected. (2) If all or none of the applicants with
equivalent scores have already had a proposal selected, the lowest cost proposal
will be selected. (3) If two or more proposals have equivalent scores, all or
none of the applicants have already had a proposal selected, and the cost is the
same, a proposal will be selected by a random lottery drawing. RHS will notify
all applicants whether their pre-applications have been accepted or rejected and
provide appeal rights under 7 CFR part 11, as appropriate. Reporting. Post-award
reporting requirements can be found in the Grant Agreement. Paperwork Reduction
Act The reporting requirements contained in this Notice have been approved by
the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) under Control Number 0575-0181.
Non-Discrimination Requirements The U.S. Department of Agriculture prohibits
discrimination in all of its programs and activities on the basis of race,
color, national origin, age, disability, and where applicable, sex, marital
status, familial status, parental status, religion, sexual orientation,
political beliefs, genetic information, reprisal, or because all or part of an
individual's income is derived from any public assistance program. (Not all
prohibited bases apply to all programs.) Persons with disabilities who require
alternative means for communication of program information (Braille, large
print, audiotape, etc.) should contact USDA's TARGET Center at (202) 720-2600
(voice and TDD). To file a complaint of discrimination, write to USDA, Assistant
Secretary for Civil Rights, Office of the Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights,
1400 Independence Avenue SW., STOP 9410, Washington, DC 20250- 9410, or call
toll free at (866) 632-9992 (English) or (800) 877-8339 (TDD) or (866) 377-8642
(English Federal--Relay) or (800) 845-6136 (Spanish Federal--Relay). ``USDA is
an equal opportunity provider, employer, and lender.'' Dated: May 13, 2016. Tony
Hernandez, Administrator, Rural Housing Service. [FR Doc. 2016-12068 Filed
5-20-16; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE 3410-XV-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             849 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2017 World Market Intelligence Private Limited,
                              All Rights Reserved


                            WMI - Business Analysis

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            World Market Intelligence company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data. The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

                                January 12, 2017

                              State Bank of Mysore

                                    K.G.Road
                                Bangalore 560094
                                     India

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

COMPANY OVERVIEW


   State Bank of Mysore (SBM) is commercial bank based in India. It is one of
the associate banks of State Bank of India. The bank provides a range of banking
and other financial products and services. Its portfolio of products includes
personal loans, mortgage loans, housing loans, educational loans, scholar loans,
car loan schemes, gold loan schemes, scheme for trades, corporate loans,
marketing loans, current accounts and savings accounts. Furthermore, the bank
offers term deposits, recurring deposits, agriculture, banking schemes, loans
for micro and small enterprises (MSE), mutual funds, life insurance and general
insurance. It also offers foreign exchange services, NRI services and internet
and mobile banking services. Through these products and services, the bank
serves its clientele comprising individuals, corporate, NRIs, and micro and
small enterprises. It distributes its products and services through a network of
branches, ATMs and extension counters. The bank is headquartered in Bangalore,
India.

   During FY2014-15, the bank opened 71 new branches and 227 ATMs. The bank
upgraded its Ahmadabad branch to corporate network grade in FY2015.


BUSINESS DESCRIPTION:



SBM is a provider of banking and other financial products and services based in
India. The bank is a subsidiary of State Bank of India, a multinational banking
and financial services bank based in India. It offered its products and services
through a network of 1,015 branches and 1,327 ATMs across India as of March
2015.

The bank offers its products and services under three divisions: Deposits,
Advance and NRI/FOREX services.

The bank, through its Deposit division, provides deposit products and services
such as high earning fixed deposits, My-bank Suraksha Savings plus Account,
Mybank Suraksha Time Deposit Account, Centenary Liquid Term Deposit, term
deposits, recurring deposits, and Saral Savings Bank Account services.

The Advance division is further classified into four sub-divisions: Personal
Banking, Commercial and Institutional Banking Scheme, Agricultural Scheme and
Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs). The Personal banking sub-division offers
personal loans, mortgage loans, housing loans, education loans, scholar loans,
loan for purchase of residential site and plot, personal loan scheme to
teachers, loan to police personnel, loan to celebrate festivals, and car loan
scheme for purchase of new and used cars. It also offers product for high cost
treatment, loan scheme for journalists and loan for pilot and air hostess
training and advance for employed persons to undertake higher studies.

Through Commercial and Institutional Banking sub-division, it provides scheme
for trades, handy loan scheme, corporate loans, current account plus, rent plus,
and fair practices code for lenders. The bank, under its Agricultural
sub-division, provides kisan gold card scheme, kisan credit card scheme, gramin
bhandaran yojana, scheme for combined harvesters, kisan chakra scheme, solar
photo voltaic pumpsets for irrigations, scheme for purchase of land for
agricultural purposes, scheme for development of vanilla, produce marketing
loan, swarna mitra scheme, scheme for cultivation of gherkins, scheme for
financing LPG connection in rural areas, scheme for financing to tenant farmers
and oral lessees, rain water harvesting scheme for SC/ST farmers and scheme for
financing to cultivation of patchouli and general credit card. Through MSE's
sub-division, the bank provides loans for micro and small enterprises.

The bank's NRI/FOREX services division provides NRI and FOREX services.

The bank classifies its business operations into three reportable divisions:
Treasury, Corporate and Wholesale Banking, and Retail Banking. The bank's
Treasury division is involved in sale of investments, foreign exchange
transactions, equities, derivatives and money market operations. In FY2015, the
Treasury division reported revenues of INR16.8 billion, accounting for 21.8% of
the bank's total revenues.

The bank's Corporate and Wholesale Banking division offers lending and deposit
products and services to corporate customers. In FY2015, the Corporate and
Wholesale Banking division reported revenues of INR32.4 billion, accounting for
42.1% of the bank's total revenues.

The bank, under its Retail Banking division, provides lending and deposit
products and services to retail customers. In FY2015, the Retail Banking
division reported revenues of INR27.8 billion, accounting for 36.1% of the
bank's total revenues.



* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *











LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2017


                             850 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       BBC Monitoring Trans Caucasus Unit
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                            February 19, 2017 Sunday

Programme summary of Iranian Fars Province TV news 1315 gmt 19 Feb 17

LENGTH: 184 words


A. Headlines

B. Provincial news:

1. 1316 Energy Minister Chitchian has visited flood-stricken areas in the
province and familiarised himself with rescue and relief services provided to
residents in rural areas.

2. 1319 Because of historical water canals constructed around Persepolis in
Marvdasht County, no harm has been caused to the historical sites in this
county.

3. 1320 Market inspectors have started visiting shops and restaurant to control
the quality of services and food provided in these places ahead of the Iranian
New Year holidays.

4. 1323 Bank officials have held a meeting and discussed increasing loans
granted to people for purchasing Mehr Housing flats in the province.

5. 1324 Local officials have held a meeting and discussed plans for preventing
corruption in the province.

C. News in brief from counties, including:

1. 1325 A ceremony has been held in Estahban County to commemorate Iran-Iraq war
"martyrs".

D. 1327 Sport.

E. 1328 Weather, calendar, and prayer times.

1329 End of bulletin.

Source: Vision of the Islamic Republic of Iran Fars Provincial TV, Shiraz, in
Persian 1315gmt 19 Feb 17

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2017 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             851 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        San Bernardino Sun (California)

                            January 24, 2010 Sunday

Rialto may apply for funds to build sports complex

BYLINE: Josh Dulaney, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 259 words


RIALTO - The city might apply for a multimillion-dollar federal loan to pay for
a new sports facility at a shuttered middle school.

A $4.3 million Section 108 Loan under the Department of Housing and Urban
Development would fund the project at the old Rialto Middle School at 324 N.
Palm Ave.

Councilman Joe Baca Jr. has pushed for the project for the past three years.

"This would be a landmark park if we could make it happen," Baca said.

The 7-acre project would include basketball courts, bleachers, ball fields, a
track, a snack stand and new lighting.

The city is leasing the property from the Rialto Unified School District for 50
years. The site has hosted several sports programs and recreational events.

Section 108 is a loan guarantee provision of the Community Development Block
Grant program that provides funding for redevelopment projects in neighborhoods
needing renewal.

"It's in the heart of the city, one of the poorest parts of the city (and would)
provide good opportunities for our youth," Baca said.

The loan would be repaid from the city's annual allocation of CDBG funds.

The city's current allocation is more than $1.3 million a year, according to a
staff report. The city sets aside $252,191 each year to pay off a loan that
funded the Senior Center. Officials said that loan will be paid off in 2022.

The estimated annual payment for the new loan is $295,000.

Officials will discuss the issue at a City Council meeting on Feb. 9. The
council meets in open session at 6 p.m. at the Civic Center, 150 S. Palm Ave.

Information: 909-820-2525.

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             852 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                            March 26, 1991, Tuesday

DEMAND FOR LUXURY HOMES GROWING AMONG JAPANESE BUILDERS SWITCH FOCUS TO QUALITY

BYLINE: A.E. CULLISON; Journal of Commerce Staff

SECTION: FOREIGN TRADE, Pg. 5A

LENGTH: 524 words

DATELINE: TOKYO


Japan's largest housing construction companies are counting on rising demand for
prefabricated luxury models to expand their future share of the country's still
burgeoning housing market.

''At our company we are switching our attention from the infamous 'rabbit
hutches' to the much more expensive 'owner's castles' now demanded by a greater
number of buyers in this country," said the top executive of a leading builder.
That's where the big profits are to be had these days."

The Japanese housing market appears to be entering an era of quality and leaving
one of quantity, according to a survey conducted by the Management and
Coordination Agency. The survey showed that exhibition sites for strictly deluxe
homes are becoming more numerous.

One factor behind this is the combination of high interest rates and the
government's tight rein on property-related loans, designed to keep a lid on
runaway land prices.

Sample home sites exclusively devoted to the luxury market usually exhibit from
15 to 20 prefabricated homes, with prices ranging between $ 730,000 and $ 1.5
million for each home. Floor space in these models range from 300 to 450 square
meters per unit.

"There are many buyers in this affluent society who haven't been satisfied with
existing models," said Hideji Miyata, an executive of the Housing Department of
ABC Development Co. in Osaka. "So we asked each construction company we deal
with to design and build radically different experimental houses."

Misawa Home Co., a leading Japanese maker of prefabricated houses, has begun
selling "The Beverly Hills," which has a minimum price of around $ 720,000. The
home is based on U.S. designs considered most suitable to Japan and Japanese
tastes.

Kunichika Kawamoto, executive director of Misawa Home, said the continuing
decline in the number of good carpenters available in Japan has caused his
company to switch to construction of more prefabricated models, especially the
high-quality type.

Executives of Asahi Chemical Industry Co., maker of the luxurious and popular
"Hebel Haus," said other builders are following their example. Shozo Murata, an
official of the company's House Business Management Department, reported they
now have a backlog of orders for this model.

Builders agree that abnormally high land prices, particularly in the suburbs,
are behind the trend toward expensive models. Only those who currently own land
can afford to buy these models.

Landowners can use their property as collateral for bank loans "to pay for the
costly prefabs despite recent government discouragements. Non- landowners must
simply be satisfied with relatively cheap 'hutches' or abandon their plans to
construct their own homes," said one building company executive.

The executive director of Sekisui House Co. said his figures show that 70
percent of all new housing in Tokyo and 40 percent in rural areas right now
involves owners who want to replace their old homes. "Put plainly," he said,
"that is why the major builders are moving into the luxury market in a big way.
I can't say I see any reason for this to change for a long time."

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1991 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                             853 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    August 1, 1979, Wednesday, Final Edition


Dream Homes Go Sour for Rural Poor;
Falws Undo Homes Built for Va. Poor;
Utilities Higher Than Mortgages

BYLINE: By Karlyn Barker, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Metro; C1

LENGTH: 1368 words

DATELINE: ONANCOCK, Va.


Welfare mother Adelaide Bailey was napping on the Living room couch in her
government subsidized, $20,000 home when her children jarred her awake with
screams that the bedroom was on fire.

The blaze, which gutted Bailey's one-time "dream house" on Virginia's starkly
impoversished Eastern Shore, was later blamed on the shoddy workmanship and
dangerous wiring that have plagued the U.S. effort here to help the rural poor
buy their own homes.

But these construction defects have recently been overshadowed by a potentially
bigger, built-in flaw in the federally funded program in Accormack and
Northampton counties: the box-like homes are all-electric.

Many residents, struggling with soaring utility bills apparently unforeseen by
government planners, are more in debt than ever.  Electric bills run between $80
and $300 a month, even though several residents complanined they use little
electricity and haven't had a warm home in the winter since moving in.

Some families, among the vast majority of the Eastern Shore's 44,000 residents
who are on welfare or earning poverty-level wages as field hands and tenant
farmers, have lost their homes after falling hoplelessly behind in metting
mortgage payments as low as $55 a month.

The haste with which some contractors erected more than 1,000 of the homes is
blamed for serious construction flaws, including those that have helped drive
utility bills upward.  Low income owners interviewed here also said they were
told only after moving in that they would have to pay for repairs themselves.

Problems with the massive, $10 billion nationwide program, operated by the
Agriculture Department's Farmers Home Administration (FmHA), prompted Congress
in 1978 to appropriate and additional $1 million a year to compensate
beleaguered homeowners for construction defects.

But the tiny fund can only be tapped after the agency has made every effort to
get the contractor to make the repairs.

Virginia officials of the Farmers Home Administration downplay any problems with
their housing program and say they have gone to extraordinary lengths to help
poor residents get their homes and keep them.  They deny evicting any families
and blame most of the housing conditions on the home buyers themselves.

"I don't care if you have a $100,000 house, you've still got to maintain it,"
said Greg Ellis, who has been a federal housing inspector for the past two
years.  He echoes the views of Bill Adams, a program supervisor, who argued that
some of the homes with problems have been "abused" by their owners.

But Donald Matthews, Accomack County's fire marshal, said it is the contractors
who are abusing the program sometimes with heart-breaking consequences.

"Most of these people are very nice and well intentioned, and they want to pay
for their homes," Matthews said.  "But the contractors tend to throw up 10 or 15
of these houses and ease out of the picture without making the repairs they
should.  They sort of pass off the low-income residents until the one-year
warranty on the house runs out."

Rural housing experts, who priase the FmHA for its loan services to the poor,
said problems with the housing program have cropped up elsewhere but none have
been as severe as those in Virginia.  Four years ago, in another housing
controversy, an FmHA official in Suffolk was convicted and jailed for signing
phony loan papers amid numerous complaints about the poor quality of the
program's homes there.

"Some contractors don't do as good a work as others," acknowledged A. Jennings
Orr, FmHA's assistant national administrator for single family housing .  "But
it's a small problem considering the number of houses - 110,000 a year - we do
across the nation."

Orr said the FmHA has authority to bar firms who do poor work from receiving any
further government contracts.

Adelaide Bailey, 46, was glad to get the four-bedroom home she bought for
herself, four children and two grandchildren with the help of a low-interest
federal loan.

It was better than any place she had ever lived, Bailey recalled last week.  It
wasn't until she moved in that she discovered her new $20,000 home wasn't such a
bargain after all.

"Some of the [electric] sockets just wouldn't work, and they would never send
anyone to fix it," said Bailey.  "I could lay in my bed and smell something
burning, but I was told by inspectors that nothing was wrong."

The heat in the house hadn't been working since the day she moved in, according
to Bailey.  On the day of the fire, the only appliance she had on was a small
furnace in the living room.  She was alone in the house until her children came
home and discovered the blaze.

Bailey's family escaped from the house safely and eventually relocated in an
aging shack beside a dirt road.  The house has no electricity, so they no longer
worry about the wiring or high utility bills.  But their hopes of home ownership
are gone.

"The program itself is good, but they just threw the houses up," complains
another low-income buyer, Celia Santiago.  "It's a ripoff of the poor."

Santiago, a mother of two who moved to Accomack County to escape crime in
Philadelphia, has lived in her three-bedroom, $17,500 home for about five years.
Before the Farmers Home Administration program, she said, there was no
low-income housing available here.  The poor found what shelter they could in
old tenant farmer shacks that had outhouses.

"After something like that, you think it's great to get a place like this," said
Santiago, who is paying ,55 a month for her home.  But even at that rate,
maintaining the home has put an impossible strain on her $217-a-month welfare
check.

"That first winter, the heating bills were unbelievable," she complained.  "The
house was never warm, and whenever I put the heat on, the living-room wall began
to bulge and buckle."

The homes are prefabricated modular units trucked from the factory to the
housign site and assembled by local contractors under government supervision.
They are put together by joining two trailer-shaped sections back to back.

Santiago said she suspected the worst when she found a boy awkwardly wielding a
handsaw in her kitchen just before she moved in.

"He said he was training to be a carpenter, and he was working for a local
contractor who had been hired by FmHA to put up my house," she said.  "But I
think I have enough folks training on me already."

Bailey and Santiago are not alone in their complaints.  Several residents and a
local black electrical contractor, Howard Ames, listed these structural defects:

Lights in some homes that explde every time they're turned on.

Heating untis so inadequate that some low-income owners have sought additional
loans to put in supplemental chimneys and furnaces to warm at least the living
room.

Three and as many as four rooms with only one circuit, a dangerous violation of
the National Electric Code, according to Ames.

Window panes that fall out and break whenever an adjacent window or door is
shut.

Bathroom toilets that won't flush and that new owners said they had to pay to
repair themselves even though the homes are supposed to have a one-year
warranty.

Leaks and drainage problems that, in at least one instance, caused a kitchen
ceiling to collapse.

Despite these reports from homeowners, Jean Engler, who supervises the agency's
Accomack office said, FmHA "hasn't had very many complaints, and there have been
no foreclosures."

She challenged the fire marshal's comments about the fire hazards in the homes,
saying her office has "a very good relationship with the contractors." She said
they are required to repair any defects before they are paid in full.

The local office did concede that they are understaffed but claimed to have
inspected each of the houses at the time the buyers moved in, finding that
everything met government construction standards.

By law, contractors can receive 60 percent of their payments before the work is
completed and the rest of their money once it is finished.  But the Farmers Home
Administration state office in Richmond said it doesn't always wait for the
families to move in and check out the homes before paying off the contractors.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1979 The Washington Post


                             854 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 4, 2016 Thursday

Washington: THIS WEEK IN CONGRESS - January 29, 2016

LENGTH: 1812 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the MP Gregorio Kilili Camacho Sablan has issued the
following news release:



 The Army & Air Force Exchange Service has announced that local contractor, RNV
Construction, has been awarded a $2.8 million contract for expansion of the
troop store at the Army Reserve Center on Saipan. The 1,120 square-foot store
will be expanded to 5,000 square-feet. Construction is expected to be complete
by December 2016. I have been working on improving the store since my first term
in Congress.

A study I included in the 2011 National Defense Authorization Act determined the
project to be viable, but the expansion was delayed for over two years, while a
team from the U.S. Navy made sure there was no unexploded ordnance on the site.
The existing store, which serves nearly 4,000 active and reserve service
members, retirees, and their families is small, deteriorating, and in need of a
major overhaul. Our service members, veterans, and their families deserve better
and can finally look forward to a new and improved AAFES Troop Store on Saipan
opening soon.The Northern Mariana Islands and other U.S. insular areas will be
able to achieve savings in their drug expenditures for Medicaid patients as a
result of a final rule published by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid
Services last week. The rule revises the definition of "state" to include Puerto
Rico, the Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa and the Northern Marianas. It
also addresses changes made to Medicaid Drug Rebate Program by the Affordable
Care Act, or Obamacare. Changes to rebate percentages in the Affordable Care Act
will increase Medicaid rebates being paid to federal, state, and non-state
governments by manufacturers of covered outpatient drugs, including higher cost
brand name drugs. See CMS for more information.EPA releases new guide for
healthier school renovations.



 With Typhoon Soudelor repairs underway, the U.S. Environmental Protection
Agency's new manual on best practices for protecting children's health and
minimizing environmental health risks is most timely. The manual includes an
overview of potential environmental hazards that may emerge during school
renovations, such as exposure to lead, asbestos, mold, mercury, and radon, and
offers guidance for avoiding exposure, as well as a review of regulations and
resources available to schools. The Sensible Guide to Healthier School
Renovations can be found online at
http://www.epa.gov/schools/sensible-guide-healthier-school-renovations.High
school students: Become a Junior Statesman.



 Now is the time for high school students to apply to attend the Junior
Statesman summer program at Stanford University, Princeton University, or
Georgetown University. Students are schooled in civic engagement, leadership,
and political studies, while getting a feel for the life and work in college.
Those who apply by February 28, 2016 will be automatically considered for one of
the four scholarships set aside for the Northern Marianas. The scholarship
covers tuition, room and board, and transportation costs. For more information,
and to apply, visit http://summer.jsa.org. Complete applications include an
online account, two essays, a letter of recommendation from a teacher, and a
current transcript. Transcripts can be emailed directly to JSA Territory Program
Director Ed Banayat at ebayanat@jsa.org All other parts of the application may
be completed online.

 Opportunities - Federal grants, jobs for and in the Marianas:



 Grants:



     Single Family Housing Repair Loans & Grants - This program provides loans
to very-low-income homeowners to repair, improve and or modernize their homes or
grants to elderly very-low-income homeowners to remove health and safety
hazards. Because of land alienation issues in the NMI, qualified applicants are
limited to unsecured loans of up to $7,499. Qualified applicants age 62 and
older may also apply for grant funding of up to $7,500. Applications will be
processed in the order they are received. No deadline applies. For more
information, go to http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/single-family-
housing-repair-loans-grants/hi and click here.

     SMART FY 16 Support for Adam Walsh Act Implementation Grant Program - The
Program assists jurisdictions with developing and/or enhancing programs designed
to implement requirements of the Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act
(SORNA). The SMART Office is interested in proposals that facilitate, enhance
and maintain jurisdictional implementation of SORNA. Closing date is April 7,
2016. For more information, go to
http://www.grants.gov/web/grants/view-opportunity.html?oppId=281058.

     National Coastal Wetlands Conservation Grant Program - The NCWCG program
provides states with financial assistance to protect and restore coastal
environments. Projects can include: 1. acquisition of a real property interest
(e.g., conservation easement or fee title) in coastal lands or waters (coastal
wetlands ecosystems) from willing sellers or partners for long-term
conservation; 2. restoration, enhancement, or management of coastal wetlands
ecosystems; or 3. a combination of acquisition, restoration, and management.
Closing date is June 29, 2016. For more information, go to
http://www.grants.gov/web/grants/view-opportunity.html?oppId=281103.

     Presidential Awards for Excellence in Science, Mathematics and Engineering
(STEM) Mentoring - The STEM program recognizes individuals for their mentoring
of persons from historically underrepresented racial and ethnic groups, women,
persons with disabilities, and persons from disadvantaged socioeconomic
backgrounds. Any U.S. citizen or permanent resident who has done exemplary,
measurable mentoring in science, technology, engineering and mathematics (STEM)
fields over a sustained 5 year period is eligible for nomination. Closing date
is June 17, 2016. For more information, go to
http://www.grants.gov/web/grants/view-opportunity.html?oppId=281097.

     OVW FY 2016 Training and Services to End Violence Against Women with
Disabilities Grant Program - Disability Grant Program funds programs that
establish and strengthen multidisciplinary collaborative relationships; increase
organizational capacity to provide accessible, safe, and effective services to
individuals with disabilities and deaf individuals who are victims of violence
and abuse; and identify needs within the grantee's organization and/or service
area, and develop a plan to address those identified needs that builds a strong
foundation for future work. Closing date is March 10, 2016. For more
information, go to
http://www.grants.gov/web/grants/view-opportunity.html?oppId=281165.

     Federal Planning Assistance for Broadband and Sustainable Community
Development - Cool & Connected - USDA Rural Utilities Service encourages
communities interested in using broadband service to help revitalize small-town
main streets and promote economic development to apply for Cool & Connected, a
pilot program sponsored by USDA Rural Utilities Service and the U.S.
Environmental Protection Agency Office of Sustainable Communities. Closing date
for letters of interest is February 24, 2016. For more information, click here.

     Farm Labor Housing Direct Loans & Grants - USDA Rural Development is
soliciting applications for Farm Labor Housing Loans and Grants. The programs
provide affordable financing for the development of housing for domestic farm
laborers. Housing may be constructed in rural and urban areas with a
demonstrated need. Approved applicants receive a 1 percent fixed rate with up to
a 33-year payback period. Funding is available on a first-come, first-served
basis. Pre-applications packages may be obtained at
http://www.rd.usda.gov/files/FLH_Preapplication_FY2016.pdf. Pre-applications are
due by 5 p.m. April 12 to the Hawaii State Office. Pre-applications may be
submitted to USDA Rural Development, Room 311, Federal Building, 154 Waianuenue
Ave., Hilo, HI 96720. For more information, call (808) 933-8300 or go to
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/farm-labor-housing-direct-loans
-grants/hi.



 Jobs:



     Transportation Security Officer - The Transportation Security
Administration, Department of Homeland Security is accepting applications for a
Transportation Security Officer in Saipan. Incumbent will operate various
screening equipment and technology, perform searches and screening, control
terminal entry and exit points, interact with public, maintain focus and
awareness in a stressful environment, engage in development of critical thinking
skills, and retain and implement knowledge of all applicable Standard Operating
Procedures. Position is open until February 2, 2016. For more information, go to
https://www.usajobs.gov/GetJob/ViewDetails/427535500.

     Loan Adjuster - The Department of Agriculture is accepting applications for
TWO Loss Adjusters; one for Saipan and the other for Rota. A Loss Adjuster is an
independent contractor who will visit farms for the purpose of inspecting,
measuring and appraising agricultural crops. Positions are open until February
8, 2016. For inquiries, please call 671-300-8550. Applications can be accessed
at https://www.fsa.usda.gov/Internet/FSA_File/fm_ct_001_02212014.pdf.



 Highlights in the Legislative Program:



 THIS WEEK:



     Votes were postponed this week due to inclement weather.



 NEXT WEEK:



 On the floor



     Complete Consideration of H.R.3662 - Iran Terror Finance Transparency



     Consideration of the Veto Message on H.R.3762 - Restoring Americans'
Healthcare Freedom Act



     H.R.2187 - Fair Investment Opportunities for Professional Experts Act



     H.R.3784 - SEC Small Business Advocate Act of 2016



     H.R.4168 - Small Business Capital Formation Enhancement Act



     Concur in the Senate Amendment to H.R.515 - International Megan's Law to
Prevent Child Exploitation and Other Sexual Crimes Through Advanced Notification
of Traveling Sex Offenders



     H.R.400 - Trafficking Prevention in Foreign Affairs Contracting Act



     Concur in the Senate Amendment to H.R.4188 - Coast Guard Authorization Act
of 2015



     H.R.3700 - Housing Opportunity Through Modernization Act of 2015



     H.R.1675 - Encouraging Employee Ownership Act of 2015



 Committee Hearings



 February 2



     Subcommittee on Water, Power and Oceans Legislative Hearing



     Subcommittee on Indian, Insular and Alaska Native Affairs Oversight Hearing
on "The Need for the Establishment of a Puerto Rico Financial Stability and
Economic Growth Authority"



     Committee on Education and Workforce Full Committee Markup



 February 3



     Committee on Education and the Workforce Hearing on "Expanding Educational
Opportunity Through School Choice"



     Committee on Natural Resources Full Committee Markup



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             855 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Westmorland Gazette

                            November 22, 2013 Friday

Parliamentary praise for local building society's scheme to tackle affordable
housing issue

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 432 words


RORY Stewart MP has showcased in Parliament an important project in Eden which
aims to tackle the affordable housing issue.

The Eden model was explained in parliament to a cross-party group of MPs, peers,
and Building Society chief executives.

Penrith Building Society run by Amyn Fazal, has worked alongside Eden District
Council to create the 'Eden Mortgage Boost Scheme'.

It reduces many of the initial costs would-be home owners face when borrowing
more than 75 per cent of the purchase price - making it more affordable to buy a
house in Eden.

The scheme, which will shortly see its first applicants move into their new
homes, was presented by the Penrith MP and Mr Fazal as a 'community-focused'
model to be replicated nationwide.

Eden has already shown itself to be leading the way when it comes to affordable
housing, with the Stoneworks Garth site in Crosby Ravensworth standing as a
'model example' of a community building and owning their own affordable homes.

Alongside its promotion in Westminster, the scheme also featured prominently in
the latest Building Societies Association report, where mutuals like PBS were
praised for their strong focus on the local community.

Chief Executive Amyn Fazal said: "Being a small mutual means that our commitment
to the principles of mutuality, puts us in an excellent position to put them
into practice. The Eden Boost scheme should be seen in conjunction with our
wider community involvement."

Mr Stewart said: "Amyn and Penrith Building Society are doing some really
fantastic work here in Cumbria. We already have some amazing affordable housing
projects in this constituency, but there is still much more we can do to help
young people in particular get on the local property ladder, and ensure our
rural communities remain affordable to local people who want to raise their
families here. Initiatives like the Eden Boost Scheme are huge step in the right
direction and it would be great to see it adopted by many more communities
across Britain."

Adrian Coles, director General of the national Building Societies Association,
said: "The Penrith Building Society stands for everything that modern banking
seems to have, mistakenly in my view, thrown away: local knowledge and
understanding, community involvement, a personal service determined by each
borrower's and saver's individual requirements, and an overall determination to
do what is right for the customer.

"The people of Penrith should be proud to have such a well-regarded financial
services institution, with such a long and distinguished history, right in the
centre of their town."

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             856 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     March 30, 1999, Tuesday, Final Edition

HUD Seeks to Expand Housing Aid to Indians; Tribal Groups Skeptical of Grants
Initiative

William Claiborne, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A15; THE FEDERAL PAGE

LENGTH: 986 words


Housing and Urban Development Secretary Andrew M. Cuomo will launch an
administration initiative today aimed at increasing homeownership on Indian
reservations by giving Native Americans easier access to HUD assistance
programs.

Cuomo said the new plan goes beyond most Indian poverty programs by permitting
tribal governments to create nonprofit groups that will qualify for a share of
more than $ 1 billion in HUD grants and other annual assistance. Because funding
eligibility is limited to local governments and nonprofit groups, tribes cannot
gain access to some assistance programs aimed at increasing homeownership.

"Homeownership is one of the most fundamental vehicles for Americans to
accumulate wealth," Cuomo said in an interview yesterday. "But the cruel irony
is that the land we left the first Americans was put in public trust, and public
trust makes it virtually impossible for them to get home mortgages. What is land
worth if you can't mortgage it?"

Groups representing Indian tribes expressed doubt that the new initiative would
have much impact on reservation poverty and said there were more pressing
concerns that Cuomo did not appear to have addressed.

Banks often turn down home loan applications from Indians or drag out processing
so long that Indians do not even bother asking for a loan. Lenders cite numerous
problems, including unclear title to reservation property that normally has to
be put up for collateral for home mortgages and uncertainty among lenders about
whether they can foreclose on such tribal trust lands in the event of default.

Between 1992 and 1996, the 1.2 million Indians living on federal trust lands
obtained only 91 conventional home mortgages with a total value of $ 5
million--a minuscule portion of the $ 785 billion that was loaned for home
buying in the United States in 1996, according to federal statistics.

Under the HUD initiative, to be announced at a conference on Indian housing in
Chicago today, newly formed tribal nonprofit groups will, for the first time, be
able to apply for a share of several pots of federal money, including:

* Rural Economic Development grants that leverage private money with federal
funds for creating jobs and building affordable housing. Cuomo said tribal
nonprofit groups will receive special preference that will increase their
chances for part of the $ 27 million in program funding this year.

* Assistance to create and subsidize housing for low-income senior citizens and
disabled seniors, in a program worth $ 600 million.

* Programs that provide $ 1.2 billion to help homeless people with housing, job
training, substance abuse and other services.

* Assistance under the $ 75 million-a-year Youthbuild program, which provides
training in home-building skills and educational opportunities for high school
dropouts.

* Housing grants for low-income people with HIV and AIDS under the Housing
Opportunities for Persons With AIDS program.

* Grants to nonprofit groups under the Self-Help Homeownership Opportunity
program for buying home sites and improving infrastructure needs to qualify for
some sweat-equity homeownership programs for low-income families.

In addition, Cuomo said HUD will make reduced-cost mortgages available to
Indians through Ginnie Mae's Targeted Lending Initiative. Ginnie Mae is a
government-owned corporation within HUD that guarantees securities issued by
private lenders and backed by mortgages insured or guaranteed by the federal
government.

Cuomo said reservation Indians have been receiving HUD Native American housing
assistance worth $ 600 million a year, "but have not been included in mainstream
programs, where the real money is."

He said the HUD initiative will "bring new opportunities to families on
reservations by empowering them to build stronger economies, new homes and
better lives."

Cuomo also will announce that another Indian housing conference, the first to be
held on a reservation, will be sponsored by HUD in July on the Oglala Sioux
reservation in Pine Ridge, S.D.

Native American housing advocates voiced initial skepticism after hearing
reports of the HUD initiative in Chicago.

Christopher D. Boesen, executive director of the Washington-based National
American Indian Housing Council, said the Ginnie Mae proposal sounded
"interesting," but that much of the remainder of the plan looked like "another
Andrew Cuomo public relations initiative."

"Tribes already are moving toward utilizing other assistance programs," Boesen
said. "Apparently, if they are successful, HUD will claim credit for it. Tribes
want to know about their bottom line, not how good does Andy Cuomo look today."

Boesen said tribal leaders met yesterday afternoon in Chicago to discuss Cuomo's
plans and "frankly were not all that interested." However, they were angered
over what Boesen said was HUD's inaction in addressing Indian concerns over
environmental assessments required for reservation housing construction.

Boesen said the environmental assessments, previously performed by HUD, have
been shifted to the tribes, which he said has resulted in costly building delays
because of minor technical mistakes by untrained tribal government employees.
Indian Housing Council President Chester Carl said some tribes have been forced
to halt construction on projects that were 90 percent complete because of a
missing form or a minor error on a form. He said some tribes have even had to
refund millions of dollars in HUD funds because of small errors in the
environmental assessments.

"I think that's what Cuomo is going to hear from the tribal leaders tomorrow,"
Boesen said. "They're interested in getting the secretary's attention on their
immediate concerns, not an initiative that may not be going anywhere anyway."
HUD Secretary Andrew Cuomo said the plan permits tribes to form nonprofits to
qualify for grants.


LOAD-DATE: March 30, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo, ap

                       Copyright 1999 The Washington Post


                             857 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            April 16, 2016 Saturday

Marine vet runs obstacle course in building homes across state

BYLINE: By Richard Mize Real Estate Editor richardmize@oklahoman.com

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 24

LENGTH: 688 words


Lance A. Windel, of Ardmore, relied on his experience as a commander of combat
engineers in the U.S. Marines to attack the task of building homes in far-flung
Oklahoma.It helped. The three major obstacles&nbsp;- financing, logistics and
post-construction issues&nbsp;- weren't insurmountable, he said, just
challenging.Deployed to Guymon to build 24 houses, with base camp 360 miles away
at Ardmore, the Marines would find a way.So he did.Windel, who leads LW
Development, presented "Tackling Rural Area Development" Thursday at the
Oklahoma Housing Summit presented by the Oklahoma Housing Finance Agency at the
Moore Norman Technology Center South Penn Campus.He said he didn't exactly plan
to build houses in Guymon, but a couple of residents he kept bumping into at
housing events, starting at the housing summit three years ago, prevailed upon
him to take it on.They were getting nowhere with the usual affordable housing
programs, he said, because good-paying jobs at Seaboard Foods' big pork
processing plant, plus the then-booming oil patch, had would-be homebuyers
making wages above the usual income ceiling.Financing obstaclesThat was one part
of the financial obstacle to building houses in Guymon: Adequate government
subsidized lending was unavailable, he told a workshop at the summit, organized
by the Oklahoma Housing Finance Agency.Others blocks? Local banks were skittish
about financing a whole neighborhood, and Guymon was not in the market area for
larger banks based elsewhere.But private funding was possible from energy
investors flush with money, and local economic development incentives could help
fill construction funding gaps.Windel, who builds houses to&nbsp;designs by his
architect wife Elizabeth A. Windel's Southern Design Group, said he worked
through similar scenarios when building in Guymon, Enid and Ponca City.In Ponca
City, he built 10 houses on loans from a local bank and local rebates filled the
gaps&nbsp;- and wound up being his only profit.He built 30 houses in Enid with
financing from an out-of-town bank with strings attached: for every three houses
he sold he got financing for twomore.In Guymon, he built 24 houses with a
low-interest loan from the state finance agency and local rebates per house
filled the gaps, then he was able to build six more with open-market
financing.Logistics obstacles"I've been called a circus," Windel said, for
landing in a town with a caravan of the workers he needed, and just about all
the materials, to build houses.Local labor forces couldn't meet his temporary
demand for workers: "If they need the houses, there generally is a labor
shortage, he said.Local suppliers couldn't affordably supply his demand for
materials for their own lack of buying power, he said.In Ponca City, he rented
units in an apartment building near the construction site and rotated
subcontracting crews&nbsp;- framers, drywall hangers, brick masons&nbsp;- in and
out as work progressed.In Guymon, he bought 10 oil-field housing trailers and
kept them occupied for the duration of the project.He said he also had to change
his approach to handling and moving materials.Rather than, say, 10-wheel flatbed
trucks each loaded with a full "house pack"&nbsp;- all the lumber needed for one
house&nbsp;- he turned to semi-tractor trailer trucks hauling, for example, all
the 2-by-6-inch framing lumber for severalhouses.He also has hired people just
to handle material, used big outdoor containers and leased warehouse space for
storage.Post-constructionWindel said he's been able to avoid trying be a
property manager in Ardmore for houses in the other cities, but that distance
did require taking steps he wouldn't have had to otherwise.In Enid, he hired a
local Realtor as an employee, and Ponca City, an hour drive away, wasn't too far
for her to travel to market houses there.In Guymon, he contracted exclusive
rights to sell all 30 houses to a local real estate firm for reduced
commission.Windel said he did think of each job as a Marine might.In Guymon, for
example, "I related it to a Marine Corps deployment," he said.

"Six months in, and leave 30 houses behind.

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             858 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 EKantipur.com

                       July 20, 2015 Monday 1:26 PM  EST

DISASTER ASSISTANCE TO WYOMING RESIDENTS TOPS $650,000

LENGTH: 441 words


CHEYENNE, Wyo., July 20 -- The U.S. Department of Homeland Security's Federal
Emergency Management Agency issued the following press release:

In less than two weeks, federal and state disaster assistance in the form of
grants and low-interest loans for Wyoming families and individuals impacted by
the May 24-June 6 severe storms and floods is $653,092.05. Thus far, 213 Johnson
and Niobrara county residents have registered with the Federal Emergency
Management Agency (FEMA) for assistance, and continued assistance funds go out
daily.

Residents who were impacted by the disaster are encouraged to register for
assistance beforehand by calling 1-800-621-FEMA (3362) or TTY 1-800-462-7585.
Registration by phone is available daily 5 a.m. to 9 p.m. (MDT). Registration is
available 24 hours online at www.DisasterAssistance.gov. Individuals may also
register by smartphone at m.fema.gov. Disaster survivor assistance teams area
also canvassing areas impacted by the flooding.

To date, eligible applicants affected by the disaster have been approved for
$497,021.87 in grants for temporary housing and essential home repairs. The
Other Needs Assistance (ONA) program has approved $81,570.18 for serious
disaster-related expenses such as medical, dental, funeral or burial expenses
not covered by insurance or other sources. ONA dollars are also being disbursed
to qualified individuals for replacement of personal property.

The U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA) has approved $74,500 in loans to
help homeowners and renters to pay for residential and personal property losses.
Information about SBA loans is available through SBA's Disaster Assistance
Customer Service Center by calling (800) 659-2955, emailing
disastercustomerservice@sba.gov, or visiting SBA's Web site at www.sba.gov.
Hearing-impaired individuals may call TTY (800) 877-8339. Applicants may also
apply for SBA loans online at SBA's secure Web site at
https://disasterloan.sba.gov/ela.

For persons who want to meet face-to-face with recovery officials to get answers
to questions, two disaster recovery centers (DRCs) have been established. In
addition to FEMA and SBA personnel, staff from the Rural Development
Administration will be available at the centers on Wednesdays. Individuals will
also receive referrals to other state and federal programs, as well as voluntary
agencies. The DRCs are located at:

* Rest of the document can be viewed at:
http://www.fema.gov/news-release/2015/07/20/disaster-assistance-wyoming-resident
s-tops-650000 For any query with respect to this article or any other content
requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 Kantipur Publications Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             859 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Journal (Newcastle, UK)

                            March 3, 2010 Wednesday

Council To Help With Mortgages

BYLINE: Adrian Pearson

SECTION: A; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 439 words


NORTHUMBERLAND families will be offered the use of a £3m council mortgage fund.

First-time buyers and those struggling to find a lender willing to help them
will be able to turn to Northumberland County Council for help.

Councillors on the county's executive board will be asked to agree to the £3m
deal next week. The money will come from council borrowing.

They say they have little choice but to intervene in the market after seeing a
growing reluctance from high street lenders to provide affordable mortgages. In
some instances, council officers say, people trying to buy "low cost" homes in
Northumberland face requests of 30% deposits. Councillors admit there is the
potential for the scheme to backfire if, for example, they find themselves
having to repossess  family homes.

But the overall merits of kick-starting a stalled housing market outweigh those
risks, officers say.

Government rules mean the council is prevented from offering interest rates more
competitive than average high street deals.

A council spokeswoman said: "As a result of the credit crunch commercial
mortgage lenders are typically offering loans of 70-80% of the cost of
properties.  This is unachievable for some households.  The lenders are also
much more reluctant to lend on certain types of properties, shared ownership, or
where housing has been built on rural exception sites are examples of this.

"Northumberland County Council is therefore  exploring ways in which they can
support  people in the county to access mortgages.

"The mortgagees would still be subject to robust financial assessment   this
will include good credit history, not in rent arrears or in breach of tenancy
agreements if they are currently tenants."

Final approval for mortgages will be subject to a financial assessment of the
applicant being carried out by the council's director of resources.

Councillors have been told that a  maximum loan of 90% will be offered with the
applicant providing at least 10% for a deposit. Would-be home owners must also
prove they could not get the mortgage elsewhere.

Mortgages will only be offered if they meet one of three council objectives.
These include new build schemes in regeneration areas, homes built to meet the
council's affordable housing plans or  in sustainable housing developments.

Last year  it was revealed Newcastle City Council is considering guaranteeing
mortgage loans made by a high street lender in a bid to stimulate lending in
recession-hit communities on Tyneside.

And Sunderland Council set aside £3m in funding last October to start giving
mortgages to people struggling to secure a loan from commercial lenders.

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2010 Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             860 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            April 16, 2016 Saturday

Marine veteran runs obstacle course in building homes in far-flung Oklahoma
cities

BYLINE: By Richard Mize Real Estate Editor richardmize@oklahoman.com

SECTION:

LENGTH: 689 words


Lance A. Windel, of Ardmore, relied on his experience as a commander of combat
engineers in the U.S. Marines to attack the task of building homes in far-flung
Oklahoma.It helped. The three major obstacles&nbsp;- financing, logistics and
post-construction issues&nbsp;- weren't insurmountable, he said, just
challenging.Deployed to Guymon to build 24 houses, with base camp 360 miles away
at Ardmore, the Marines would find a way.So he did.Windel, who leads LW
Development, presented "Tackling Rural Area Development" Thursday at the
Oklahoma Housing Summit presented by the Oklahoma Housing Finance Agency at the
Moore Norman Technology Center South Penn Campus.He said he didn't exactly plan
to build houses in Guymon, but a couple of residents he kept bumping into at
housing events, starting at the housing summit three years ago, prevailed upon
him to take it on.They were getting nowhere with the usual affordable housing
programs, he said, because good-paying jobs at Seaboard Foods' big pork
processing plant, plus the then-booming oil patch, had would-be homebuyers
making wages above the usual income ceiling.Financing obstaclesThat was one part
of the financial obstacle to building houses in Guymon: Adequate government
subsidized lending was unavailable, he told a workshop at the summit, organized
by the Oklahoma Housing Finance Agency.Others blocks? Local banks were skittish
about financing a whole neighborhood, and Guymon was not in the market area for
larger banks based elsewhere.But private funding was possible from energy
investors flush with money, and local economic development incentives could help
fill construction funding gaps.Windel, who builds houses to&nbsp;designs by his
architect wife Elizabeth A. Windel's Southern Design Group, said he worked
through similar scenarios when building in Guymon, Enid and Ponca City.In Ponca
City, he built 10 houses on loans from a local bank and local rebates filled the
gaps&nbsp;- and wound up being his only profit.He built 30 houses in Enid with
financing from an out-of-town bank with strings attached: for every three houses
he sold he got financing for two more.In Guymon, he built 24 houses with a
low-interest loan from the state finance agency and local rebates per house
filled the gaps, then he was able to build six more with open-market
financing.Logistics obstacles"I've been called a circus," Windel said, for
landing in a town with a caravan of the workers he needed, and just about all
the materials, to build houses.Local labor forces couldn't meet his temporary
demand for workers: "If they need the houses, there generally is a labor
shortage, he said.Local suppliers couldn't affordably supply his demand for
materials for their own lack of buying power, he said.In Ponca City, he rented
units in an apartment building near the construction site and rotated
subcontracting crews&nbsp;- framers, drywall hangers, brick masons&nbsp;- in and
out as work progressed.In Guymon, he bought 10 oil-field housing trailers and
kept them occupied for the duration of the project.He said he also had to change
his approach to handling and moving materials.Rather than, say, 10-wheel flatbed
trucks each loaded with a full "house pack"&nbsp;- all the lumber needed for one
house&nbsp;- he turned to semi-tractor trailer trucks hauling, for example, all
the 2-by-6-inch framing lumber for several houses.He also has hired people just
to handle material, used big outdoor containers and leased warehouse space for
storage.Post-constructionWindel said he's been able to avoid trying be a
property manager in Ardmore for houses in the other cities, but that distance
did require taking steps he wouldn't have had to otherwise.In Enid, he hired a
local Realtor as an employee, and Ponca City, an hour drive away, wasn't too far
for her to travel to market houses there.In Guymon, he contracted exclusive
rights to sell all 30 houses to a local real estate firm for reduced
commission.Windel said he did think of each job as a Marine might.In Guymon, for
example, "I related it to a Marine Corps deployment," he said.

"Six months in, and leave 30 houses behind.

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             861 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                  The Observer

                               September 2, 2001

Cash: Property: City pioneers dare to share: Urban decay will be swept away by
safe, green communities if co-housing enthusiasts have their way.

BYLINE: Barbara Oaff

SECTION: Observer Cash Pages, Pg. 8

LENGTH: 892 words


COMMUNAL living used to mean joining hippies in a rural idyll to grow your own
vegetables, educate your own children and make your own furniture. Not any more.

Co-housing, as it is now called, is now often urban. In cities across the UK
groups of professionals want to create modern metropolitan neighbourhoods that
are greener, friendlier and safer.

Their idea is to create clusters of self-contained houses around a central
building that provides communal facilities - from a kitchen and laundry, to a
creche and rumpus room, to a workshop and studio.

The key word is sustainability. Those who use it are sure they know what they
are talking about. But convincing the rest of the world - especially banks and
developers - that they aren't just a bunch of middle class people gone mad is
proving difficult.

And that is not the only challenge. 'It is extremely difficult to get a project
up and running,' says Sarah Campbell, a 32-year-old mother of two who has been a
member of an Edinburgh co-housing group since it began four years ago.

'Just mention the word co-housing and people jump to all sorts of conclusions.'

Sarah is a hat maker and a jazz singer, as well as being a full-time mother. Her
fellow members include an architect, a psychologist, a university lecturer and a
carpenter. They come as individuals, couples and families of all ages - from six
weeks old to sixtysomethings. Yet despite this mix, Sarah says the group can
still be seen as 'weird'.

But tackling perceptions is nothing compared to finding a site on which to build
homes for between 30 and 50 people, or an existing building to convert.

Brighid Simpkin, who helped to set-up a Cambridge co-housing group last May,
says: 'Land here is rare and horrendously expensive. Anything that does come on
the market is snapped up straight away by ambitious developers. We hardly get a
look-in and when we do, it's way beyond our price range.'

Even when a co-housing group finds its ideal plot, there is the obstacle of
finding finance. Co-housing is usually more expensive than conventional
property, at least at first.

Members must not only buy their own homes - specially designed or modified to be
ecologically friendly -but also pay towards the communal facilities. This
additional investment can range from a few thousand pounds to pounds 10,000.

To compound the problem, most UK lenders are not interested in financing these
projects. They are seen as too difficult, too much of a niche and too risky.

There are a few exceptions, notably the Triodos Bank and the Ecology Building
Society, though there can still be snags.

'No co-housing project is the same as another, so we have to go to the time and
effort of setting-up an individual scheme for every single concept we see,' says
George Penaluna, spokesman for the Ecology. 'It is very complicated.'

Even when all the elements come together, as they did for an Exeter co-housing
group last summer, things can still go wrong. It disbanded after one
disappointment too many.

'We were all so sad it didn't work out', says Hilary Wilkinson, a founding
member of the group.

It had been trying for four years to secure a suitable site for new homes. Three
times the deal was almost done; each time something went awry.

The final, fatal blow landed 12 months ago. The group was poised to take over a
derelict city centre car park. It had the commitment, the money and the building
plans. Everything was ready. Everyone, even the council, was behind them. It
was, says Hilary, 'just perfect'.

At the last moment, however, the seller pulled out. The group was devastated.

Hilary, a wildlife adviser for the RSPB, remains optimistic. 'I've got four
years until I retire, and I'm hoping we can regain our momentum and achieve
something before then.'

Max Comfort, 57, is also a co-housing evangelist. In 1997, with his wife Jo Row
botham, he founded Loco, a London group of 20 households keen to create an urban
village, either from scratch, or through conversion.

Max and Jo are about to leave the capital to join a rural co-housing project due
to begin building homes this winter at Stroud in Gloucestershire.

But Max, a tutor, personal coach and author of books about flexible working, is
confident Loco will succeed in their absence.

'Everyone really believes in this. They are too determined to give up,' he says.

Encouragement for such projects can be found in Denmark, where co-housing
originated in the early Seventies.

Today around 5 per cent of Danes live in co-housing, and it is virtually
mainstream.

Authors Walter and Dorothy Schwartz have traced its history for their book,
Living Lightly: Travels in a Post-Consumerist Society , published at pounds 15
by Jon Carpenter, for which they visited inner city projects in the United
States, Canada and continental Europe.

Walter says they found that people were 'getting sick and tired of being
atomised from other human beings. They no longer want to be so insulated from
the people around them. They are looking for a sense of community again, where
people care and support one another.'

It remains to be seen whether this can become a reality in a Britain hooked on
making money from individual homeownership.

Web sights

www.cohousing.co.uk

www.cohousing.org.uk


LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2001 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                             862 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                           October 11, 2007 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

ARM rescue program ramps up FHASecure loans, touted by President Bush, move
those with adjustable-rate loans into more traditional mortgages.

BYLINE: Aldo Svaldi The Denver Post

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C-01

LENGTH: 613 words


A new federal loan program designed to help borrowers cope with rising payments
on adjustable-rate mortgages is kicking into gear.

An estimated 80,000 borrowers nationally are expected to take advantage of the
FHASecure loan program, said Ben Johnson, director of the Denver Homeownership
Center with the Federal Housing Administration.

Another 160,000 or so are expected to use other FHA loans to escape their
unaffordable mortgages.

The first Colorado borrowers in the program should start receiving their new
loans in early November.

Critics say the program doesn't go far enough to help homeowners.

FHASecure loans, unveiled by President Bush in August, are designed to shift
borrowers who can't afford higher payments on their ARMs into more traditional
FHA-backed loans.

But they aren't a shoo-in. Borrowers facing a reset must have stayed current on
their payments for at least six months, although those who have fallen behind
because of a reset to a higher interest rate are eligible.

Loans are underwritten to FHA standards, which limits how much can be financed.
In Denver-Aurora, the FHA cap is $308,370.

The FHA will insure a mortgage for up to 97 percent of a home's appraised value.
If the borrower can't come up with the down payment or the loan is worth more
than the home, the current mortgage provider must be willing to accept a second
mortgage for the difference, including any prepayment penalties or other fees.

Borrowers must also demonstrate an employment history and that they can afford
the payments on the new loan, based on an interest rate that will come in
somewhere between the initial rate offered on the ARM and the higher adjusted
rate.

Critics charge that FHASecure and other administration efforts represent a
Band-Aid on an open wound. There were 223,538 foreclosure filings in the U.S. in
September, according to RealtyTrac.

"Unfortunately, the bottom is falling out of our housing market much more
quickly than the administration is willing to stem the tide of foreclosures,"
Sen. Charles Schumer, D-N.Y., said Wednesday.

Schumer was responding to an announcement Wednesday by Treasury Secretary Henry
Paulson Jr. of a new alliance with mortgage servicers, housing counselors and
government agencies to help an estimated 2 million borrowers who face higher
payments on their ARMs - not all of whom would qualify for FHASecure loans.

"A combination of stagnant or falling house prices, low- down-payment mortgages
and resetting adjustable-rate mortgage rates are creating real challenges for
many American homeowners," Paulson said in a statement.

The Hope Now program will work to establish best practices in housing counseling
and launch a mass-mail marketing campaign next month to reach struggling
borrowers before they fall off a cliff.

As it reaches out to help borrowers, the FHA also has cracked down on
seller-financed assistance programs.

The programs, which claimed to be charities, inflated home sales prices,
allowing the minimal 2 percent to 3 percent down payments to be wrapped back
into the FHA loans and increasing the risk to buyers and the government.

Aldo Svaldi: 303-954-1410

or asvaldi@denverpost.com ------------------------------------------------------
Foreclosure help

Homeowners concerned about falling behind on mortgage payments and those in
foreclosure can meet with local housing counselors and lenders Wednesday:

Meeting: Federal Housing Administration, U.S. Department of Housing and Urban
Development and other housing groups will host a Foreclosure Town Hall Meeting

Time: 6:30 p.m.

Site: Margaret W. Carpenter Recreation Center, 11151 Colorado Blvd., Thornton

Where to call: Colorado Foreclosure Hotline, 877-601-4673

Aldo Svaldi

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2007 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             863 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                           October 11, 2007 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

ARM rescue program ramps up FHASecure loans, touted by President Bush, move
those with adjustable-rate loans into more traditional mortgages.

BYLINE: Aldo Svaldi The Denver Post

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C-01

LENGTH: 613 words


A new federal loan program designed to help borrowers cope with rising payments
on adjustable-rate mortgages is kicking into gear.

An estimated 80,000 borrowers nationally are expected to take advantage of the
FHASecure loan program, said Ben Johnson, director of the Denver Homeownership
Center with the Federal Housing Administration.

Another 160,000 or so are expected to use other FHA loans to escape their
unaffordable mortgages.

The first Colorado borrowers in the program should start receiving their new
loans in early November.

Critics say the program doesn't go far enough to help homeowners.

FHASecure loans, unveiled by President Bush in August, are designed to shift
borrowers who can't afford higher payments on their ARMs into more traditional
FHA-backed loans.

But they aren't a shoo-in. Borrowers facing a reset must have stayed current on
their payments for at least six months, although those who have fallen behind
because of a reset to a higher interest rate are eligible.

Loans are underwritten to FHA standards, which limits how much can be financed.
In Denver-Aurora, the FHA cap is $308,370.

The FHA will insure a mortgage for up to 97 percent of a home's appraised value.
If the borrower can't come up with the down payment or the loan is worth more
than the home, the current mortgage provider must be willing to accept a second
mortgage for the difference, including any prepayment penalties or other fees.

Borrowers must also demonstrate an employment history and that they can afford
the payments on the new loan, based on an interest rate that will come in
somewhere between the initial rate offered on the ARM and the higher adjusted
rate.

Critics charge that FHASecure and other administration efforts represent a
Band-Aid on an open wound. There were 223,538 foreclosure filings in the U.S. in
September, according to RealtyTrac.

"Unfortunately, the bottom is falling out of our housing market much more
quickly than the administration is willing to stem the tide of foreclosures,"
Sen. Charles Schumer, D-N.Y., said Wednesday.

Schumer was responding to an announcement Wednesday by Treasury Secretary Henry
Paulson Jr. of a new alliance with mortgage servicers, housing counselors and
government agencies to help an estimated 2 million borrowers who face higher
payments on their ARMs - not all of whom would qualify for FHASecure loans.

"A combination of stagnant or falling house prices, low- down-payment mortgages
and resetting adjustable-rate mortgage rates are creating real challenges for
many American homeowners," Paulson said in a statement.

The Hope Now program will work to establish best practices in housing counseling
and launch a mass-mail marketing campaign next month to reach struggling
borrowers before they fall off a cliff.

As it reaches out to help borrowers, the FHA also has cracked down on
seller-financed assistance programs.

The programs, which claimed to be charities, inflated home sales prices,
allowing the minimal 2 percent to 3 percent down payments to be wrapped back
into the FHA loans and increasing the risk to buyers and the government.

Aldo Svaldi: 303-954-1410

or asvaldi@denverpost.com ------------------------------------------------------
Foreclosure help

Homeowners concerned about falling behind on mortgage payments and those in
foreclosure can meet with local housing counselors and lenders Wednesday:

Meeting: Federal Housing Administration, U.S. Department of Housing and Urban
Development and other housing groups will host a Foreclosure Town Hall Meeting

Time: 6:30 p.m.

Site: Margaret W. Carpenter Recreation Center, 11151 Colorado Blvd., Thornton

Where to call: Colorado Foreclosure Hotline, 877-601-4673

Aldo Svaldi

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2007 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             864 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      South China Morning Post (Hong Kong)

                                 April 15, 1997

Plaza project to proceed despite relics discovery; Artefacts to be shown for
shoppers

BYLINE: MARK O'NEILL in Beijing

SECTION: BUSINESS POST; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 774 words


Work on Oriental Plaza, in Beijing, is proceeding as planned and has not been
affected by archaeological finds at the site, a senior city government official
says.

Wan Siquan, an assistant to Mayor Jia Qinglin, yesterday said Mr Jia had met Li
Ka-shing, the main investor in Oriental Plaza, in Beijing recently and the two
had agreed the finds were not the foundation of an ancient building or an
ancient cultural relic that needed special protection.

The finds would be exhibited in the Oriental Plaza, as was done with such
remains found at building sites in Europe, he said.

The archaeological work was not affecting the construction process and the
government maintained a positive attitude to the project, as did Mr Li himself,
he said.

He denied rumours from Hong Kong that Mr Li had pulled out of the project.

"It is not like finding of the terracotta army in Xian, where you cannot build
anything on the site," he said.

The Oriental Plaza project, in a prime location on Chang An Avenue and
Wangfujing, is one of the largest development sites in the city. Construction
was delayed after the original plan was considered to be for too high a
building.

The site is close to the Forbidden City and Zhongnanhai, where the Communist
Party leaders live and work.

Zhang Yansheng, deputy director of the Beijing City Urban and Rural Construction
Committee, said the city's property market had been more stable than markets in
southern China because of the city government's stricter controls on granting
licences to developers. Only companies with a definite project and at least
one-third of the required capital could apply for a licence, he said.

Another factor making the market less speculative was that bank loans accounted
for no more than 30 per cent of the financing for property projects in Beijing,
a lower proportion than other cities, making the market less affected by changes
in macro-economic policy, he said.

In December, the city had 1.4 million square metres of empty flats, nearly all
of them in the suburbs beyond the Fourth Ring Road, often where transport,
schools and other facilities were poor, while demand for property in central
locations remained strong, Mr Zhang said.

Last year, 14,000 homes in Beijing were demolished for redevelopment, down from
20,000 to 25,000 a year in recent years, he said.

SITE CLEAR

Archaeological find will not disrupt construction of Oriental Plaza

City official denies that leading investor Li Ka-shing has withdrawn from the
project

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: Newspaper

                  Copyright 1997 South China Morning Post Ltd.


                             865 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                American Banker

                             January 8, 2010 Friday

REVIEW 2009/PREVIEW 2010: Taming the Wild West of FHA Lending

BYLINE: Kate Berry

SECTION: MORTGAGES; Pg. 1 Vol. 175 No. F301

LENGTH: 968  words


Some lenders fault the Department of Housing and Urban Development's plan to
strengthen the Federal Housing Administration for - of all things - reducing
regulation.

HUD Secretary Shawn Donovan's road map, laid out in congressional testimony last
month, was widely viewed as an attempt to raise the bar for companies to do
business with FHA. Lenders' net-worth requirements would rise, for example.

But critics of the proposal say HUD's attempt to shift responsibility for
supervising mortgage brokers from the department to FHA-approved lenders would
eventually have the effect of lowering market standards. These lenders are
urging HUD to keep its current requirement that brokers of FHA loans maintain a
minimum net worth and provide the government with audited financial statements,
just as lenders do.

Forcing lenders to monitor brokers without maintaining certain standards would
result in a "race to the bottom," said John Johnson, the president and chief
executive of MortgageAmerica Inc., a Birmingham, Ala., lender.

Some lenders would ultimately give up standards to increase production, forcing
others to do the same to compete, and repeating the cycle that helped to inflate
the last housing bubble, he said.

"There should still be some standards to participate in FHA," Johnson said.
"Unless FHA revises the rule to include audited financials, then that will be
the end of them because I can't require them if the competition doesn't."

Similarly, Kevin Marconi, the chief operating officer at United Fidelity
Funding, a wholesale and retail lender in Kansas City, Mo., said that rather
than scrapping the net-worth minimum for brokers - as HUD has proposed doing -
it should raise that requirement from the current $63,000 to somewhere between
$100,000 and $150,000.

That would "weed out a lot of fly-by-night broker shops," Marconi said.

Weeding out the chaff - among lenders and brokers - is certainly one of HUD's
goals.

Since the subprime market imploded in 2007, the FHA, once a mortgage industry
backwater, has seen its volume explode.

FHA loans are pretty much the only product lenders can offer most borrowers who
have little money for a down payment (unless they qualify for the government's
loan programs for veterans or rural residents).

FHA lending now accounts for 30% of all residential mortgages written, up from
3% in 2006, said Brian Chappelle, a partner at Potomac Partners, a Washington
consulting firm.

Higher volume and share has come with higher defaults and losses. According to
the Mortgage Bankers Association, 8.67% of FHA loans were 90 days overdue or in
foreclosure at the end of the third quarter, up from 5.66% three years earlier.
In November, a long-awaited audit showed that in the fiscal year that ended
Sept. 30, the FHA's capital reserve ratio had fallen to 0.53%, well below the
congressionally mandated minimum of 2%.

The FHA now says it attracted companies with questionable practices during the
growth spurt.

"The mortgage industry is coming out of an unprecedented period where
unscrupulous players and institutions without capital, virtually anybody could
put out a shingle and call themselves a mortgage lender," Dave Stevens, the
FHA's commissioner, said in an interview in December.

The agency has stepped up enforcement actions against FHA lenders, including two
that collapsed last year, Taylor, Bean & Whitaker Mortgage Corp. and Ideal
Mortgage Bankers Ltd., better known as Lend America.

Opponents and supporters of HUD's proposed rule agree on one thing: It would
make the government mortgage market look more like the conventional one, as
large bank-owned lenders gained share.

"HUD wants the bigger, more sophisticated, better-capitalized players out
there," said Paul T. Bossidy, the president and CEO of Clayton Holdings LLC, a
Shelton, Conn., company that provides underwriting, due diligence and other
services to lenders. The agency is looking for companies with the resources to
invest in training and technology, he said.

Many small lenders said the proposed hike to their minimum net worth would put
them out of business. HUD wants to raise the requirement from $250,000 to $2.5
million over three years. That would disqualify 70% of the FHA's current roster
of lenders (assuming none of them raised their net worth in the meantime).

"Big banks have a lot of expenses and no need to be competitive," said Jeff
Lewis, the chairman of Generation Mortgage Co., an Atlanta lender. "But there's
a mind-set right now in Washington that the best way to protect consumers is to
restrict competition."

Yet even some of the largest lenders want HUD to let brokers continue closing
loans in their own name and maintain case numbers, to help the Goliaths manage
their own risk.

For example, many lenders said they rely on the FHA's Neighborhood Watch Web
site to monitor and compare the default ratios of brokers.

"If HUD stopped providing compare ratios for correspondents, it is quite
possible that loan quality would suffer," Rick Aneshansel, the chief financial
officer at U.S. Bank Home Mortgage, a unit of U.S. Bancorp, wrote in a comment
letter - one of about 250 HUD has received since it issued the proposed rule in
November.

David Moskowitz, deputy general counsel at Wells Fargo & Co., recommended in a
comment letter that HUD maintain a recertification program for brokerages that
includes background checks of key officers and directors and an assurance that
brokers are not on any previous list of debarment.

Other changes to the FHA are coming quickly this year as well. Donovan has
indicated that HUD may try to raise the current cap on annual mortgage insurance
premiums, which would require congressional approval.

Policymakers also are considering increasing the minimum down payment for FHA
borrowers and adopting a minimum FICO score for the first time.

URL: http://www.americanbanker.com/

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AB


                        Copyright 2010 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             866 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Western Mail

                           August 25, 2007, Saturday
                                 WMail Edition

Young people simply can't afford to buy houses in their communities

BYLINE: Tim Lewis Western Mail

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 960 words


RURAL housing is less affordable than the urban alternative, with average
property prices more than six times that of the typical wage, a report today
indicated. Rapid house price inflation has pushed the average property value in
the countryside up to pounds 180,283, more than pounds 25,000 higher than that
of a town or city house.

With earnings generally lower outside of city areas, young first-time buyers are
increasingly being frozen out of the rural property market as holiday home
purchases rise, it is claimed.

The Welsh Rural Housing Review, published today by Halifax, shows:

The average property price in rural areas is 6.4 times average annual earnings
compared with a ratio of 5.5 in urban areas;

The average price of a house in rural areas is pounds 180,283, 17% higher than
in urban areas where it is pounds 154,250;

House prices in the countryside have increased on average by 103% in the last
five years;

First-time buyers account for only 25% of sales in rural areas compared to 35%
in urban areas;

Only 14% of housing in rural areas is classed as social housing; and

The proportion of second homes in Wales is one and a half times that for rural
areas across Britain as a whole.

Nick Davies, of the National Association of Estate Agents, said, "It is no
surprise to see more people buying holiday homes, it is people who live in areas
where wages are good and want to buy somewhere away from urban areas."

The Pontyclun-based estate agent said the figures were another argument for
raising the stamp duty threshold to help first-time buyers.

He added, "As we see in the rest of the property market there is no help for
first-time buyers who want to get on the property ladder.

"The Government needs to address the issue of stamp duty, currently at pounds
120,000, because it is still far to low. The threshold should be raised to
pounds 150,000 or even pounds 175,000. This is why the rental market is as
strong as ever, but tenants do not get any long-term gains from renting."

The data was compiled using property figures for Wales' eight most rural local
authorities areas - Gwynedd, Pembrokeshire, Isle of Anglesey, Ceredigion, Powys,
Denbighshire, Monmouthshire and Carmarthenshire.

Housing in Powys is the least affordable off all the local authorities, with
average house prices 7.5 times the local annual earnings. This means people
wanting to buy property in the area would find it virtually impossible to get a
mortgage, in a property market that has traditionally relied on calculation of
2.5 or 3.5 times earnings for mortgages.

Alun Ffred Jones, Plaid Cymru AM for Caernarfon and a former leader of Gwynedd
Council, said, "We simply cannot allow this situation to continue. Average house
prices in rural areas are now 6.4 times average earnings. Young people simply
cannot afford to buy houses in their communities and are therefore leaving to go
to big cities.

"Plaid believes that all people in all parts of Wales should have a right to
suitable and affordable housing.

"The One Wales government are planning to provide grants for first-time buyers
and increased funding for social housing. It will also give local authorities
more powers to increase affordable housing on development sites and to try and
control the conversion of full-time dwellings into second homes.

"But, if we are really going to improve the situation, we also need support from
Labour in Westminster who have done very little over the past 10 years to solve
rural housing problems."

The figures also lay bare the number of second homes in Wales' rural areas.

The proportion of second homes in rural Wales is 3%, while across Britain as a
whole it is 1.8%.

Gwynedd is the rural area with the highest proportion of second homes in Wales
(8%). Argyll & Bute in Scotland and South Hams in Devon are the only rural areas
in Britain with a higher proportion of second homes.

Francesca Tanguy, head of country homes at Cooke & Arkwright chartered
surveyors, said, "Rural homes are totally out of the reach of the first-time
buyer market.

"There was a huge growth in the rural market in 2004 and since then the growth
has slowed a little.

"The really special houses in the most desirable parts of Wales can command big
prices. "It is usually people with a Welsh connection through family or friends
who want to buy a second home in Wales and this drives the house prices up for
the locals.": Housing affordability in rural local authorities:Local Authority
House price 2007 Annual avg earnings (pounds ) 2007 Price to earnings ratio
Powys 118,873 24,788 7.5 Carmarthen 165,454 24,308 6.8 Pembrokeshire 169,766
25,387 6.7 Isle of Anglesey 181,194 27,727 6.5 Monmouthshire 221,844 35,859 6.2
Ceredigion 167,624 27,962 6.0 Denbighshire 151,624 27,126 5.6 Gwynedd 152,270
27,978 5.4.: House price growth in rural local authorities in the last five
years:House price in 2002 (pounds ) House prices in 2007 (pounds )5 year %
change Carmarthenshire 63,917 165,454 159% Isle of Anglesey 77,163 181,194 135%
Gwynedd 69,109 152,270 120% Denbighshire 74,164 151,484 104% Powys 92,956
184,873 99% Ceredigion 87,492 167,624 92% Pembrokeshire 89,259 169,766 90%
Monmouthshire 127,786 221,844 74%.: First time buyers in rural local
authorities:% of housing market accounted for by first-time buyers House prices
in 2007 Monmouthshire 15% 221,844 Isle of Anglesey 18% 181,194 Carmarthenshire
22% 165,454 Denbighshire 24% 151,484 Pembrokeshire 28% 169,766 Powys 31% 184,873
Gwynedd 31% 152,270 Ceredigion 47% 167,624.: Second homes in rural local
authorities:Second homes as % of housing stock House price in 2007 Gwynedd 8%
152,270 Pembrokeshire 6% 169,766 Isle of Anglesey 4% 181,194 Ceredigion 3%
167,624 Powys 2% 184,873 Denbighshire 1% 151,484 Monmouthshire 1% 221,844
Carmarthenshire 1% 165,454.

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Western Mail and Echo Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             867 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Bond Buyer

Trends in the Region: Billions in Debt Sales May Follow Military Privatization
Plan

                              May 4, 1998, Monday

By Daniel Meisler



More than 7,000 units of military housing in the Northeast, including 2,862 at
Fort Meade in Maryland and 2,273 at Fort Drum in upstate New York, are on track
to privatization under a new Department of Defense initiative.

Changeover could pump a lot of taxable bonds from conduits into the municipal
market. A recent report from Moody's Investors Service predicted taxable
issuance of $1 billion to $2 billion nationally to rebuild military housing. And
that estimate could prove very conservative, according to Standard & Poor's
director Christopher Moriarty.

A 1996 law authorized the Department of Defense to enter partnerships with
private developers to renovate and expand 200,000 units of military housing
nationwide deemed inadequate.

The plan calls for federal loan assurances, leasing of existing properties to
developers, DOD investments, and direct loans to the chosen developer. The
program is in a five-year test period, after which Congress will consider
permanent legislation.

Eleven of the 57 sites already declared eligible by DOD are in the Northeast.
But lawsuits filed by developers who lost in the first contract bidding in Fort
Carson, Colo., have held up the program. Military officials say they expect a
flood of deals to go through once the litigation is resolved.

Site visits by the newly-created Housing Revitalization Support Office have been
completed at five of the eligible bases in the Northeast: the Army's Fort Meade;
Navy bases in Brunswick, Maine, and Newport, R.I.; and Marine bases in upstate
New York and Chicopee, Mass. Release of a request for proposals, to which
interested developers will respond with bids, is the next step.

DOD promises repayment of loan defaults in cases of base closings, deployments,
or other downsizings, provided the developer can show the default was caused by
these factors. Another unique feature of the deals is a ground lease in which
DOD leases the land beneath the housing to the developer for a 50-year term.

Use of tax-exempt bonds will not be possible because they, coupled with DOD's
repayment assurances, would be regarded as double subsidy, according to HRSO
director Robert Meyer.

Another difficulty the projects would have in qualifying as a public use, Meyer
added, is the lower rents military personnel would pay. Rents would have to be
uniform to have the housing designated as a public purpose, he said. Meyer added
that finding room under states' increasingly coveted private-activity bond caps
also would be hard.

John H. Crabb, the Army senior representative to HRSO, said lawsuits are being
filed against the program because military rules on awarding contracts to
developers were not designed with the housing privatization program in mind.

Points of contention include whether DOD gave developers an adequate chance to
submit proposals, he said, and whether DOD can change its mind regarding which
developer to choose. Crabb said these issues are being worked out in two pending
lawsuits, in which losing bidders accused DOD of not following its own rules of
solicitation. Once the cases are resolved and a process is determined, he said,
there will be a lot of deals going through.

"It's like a dam is going to break," he said.

The interest level among developers has so far been high, with almost 20 bidders
on the Fort Carson deal, Crabb added. "All were viable," he said. "It's very
encouraging."

The Moody's report said the virtual guarantees of occupancy the military
provides gives these units a significant advantage over other affordable
housing. Two-year waiting lists for housing are common on some bases. Typically
the housing projects would be renovated to accommodate 80% to 90% of base
personnel to ensure demand.

To rate military housing transactions, Moody's said it will analyze both the
factors that could trigger the military guarantees and the underlying financial
strength of real estate.

Historical occupancy rates as well as base closure guarantees would be primary
concerns when Standard & Poor's rates the deals, Moriarty said.

He added that some housing finance agencies may get involved in issuance once
the program is more established. Because most of the people in military housing
are paid less than 80% of the area median family income, he explained, the
projects fall within the housing agencies' mission.

Standard & Poor's has only looked at one deal in the program so far, in Fort
Carson. But since the project is being litigated, he could not discuss details
of the review.

Meyer said DOD plans to ask for legislation to make the program permanent within
a year, once some "bugs have been worked out."

Copyright c 1998 American Banker, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
http://www.bondbuyer.com

SECTION: NORTHEAST; Pg. 28

LENGTH: 792 words

LOAD-DATE: May 1, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Includes chart: Northeast Invisible Supply

                      Copyright 1998 The Bond Buyer, Inc.


                             868 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              Silver City Sun-News

                             March 15, 2004 Monday

Grant will help women and minority business group

BYLINE: ,Silver City Sun-News

SECTION: Pg. 5A

LENGTH: 590 words


Sun-News report

U.S. Rep. Tom Udall, D-NM, announced this week that the Women's Economic
Self-Sufficiency Team (WESST Corp.) is being awarded $368,211 to help facilitate
the start-up and growth of women and minority-owned businesses. The funding is
from the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Rural Development office.

Udall said WESST Corp. will use the funding for the Grant County Cooperative
Ownership Development Corporation in Silver City to offer quality
microenterprise training to women and minority entrepreneurs and to expand the
capacity of the Ancient Storytellers Learning Center, serving the eight Northern
Pueblos, Dine be'iina, Inc., serving the Navajo Nation.

WESST Corp. provides business skills training, product marketing and development
opportunities, as well as financial assistance to viable start-up or growing
businesses throughout the state.

"WESST Corp. is growing New Mexico one small business at a time," Udall said.
"This program helps to encourage and support locally based entrepreneurship,
with the result of creating jobs, strengthening local economies and contributing
to long-term self-sufficiency. More than 20 communities in the state will
benefit from this important federal grant."

Specifically, WESST Corp. will expand its MARKETLINK program to the centers,
Udall noted. MARKETLINK is an intensive training program aimed at substantially
increasing profits and revenues for entrepreneurs. The project, aimed at helping
low and moderate income entrepreneurs market their products more effectively, is
targeted to women and minorities. Udall said the goal is to help entrepreneurs
increase their annual sales income by 50 percent through business training and
individual consultation.

"WESST Corp. has proven to be a very good conduit for helping women and men
become business owners, giving them the technical assistance and advice to make
a realistic goal of owning and operating a successful small business," said U.S.
Sen. Pete Domenici, R-NM. "I'm very glad to see WESSTCorp get this funding to
expand further into rural areas."

"WESST Corp. clients have benefited tremendously from our MARKETLINK program,"
said Agnes Noonan, executive director of WESST Corp. "The grant from USDA will
facilitate train-the-trainer activities in rural areas so that local communities
build their own capacity to serve rural entrepreneurs long into the future."

WESST Corp. is headquartered in Albuquerque and primarily serves low-income
clients, including outreach to rural clients through its regional offices in
Farmington, Las Cruces, Roswell, Santa Fe, and Taos, and a satellite office on
the Navajo Nation. It is a participating organization in the Aspen Institute's
MICROTEST program and has had U.S. Small Business Administration funding since
1989.

WESST Corp. serves approximately 350 clients annually and an additional 1,500
individuals attend some type of training. In 1990, the center established a
revolving loan fund and has made about 250 loans totaling over $1 million, with
an average loan size of $3,043. WESST Corp.'s core programs are business
consulting, training and financial assistance.

USDA Rural Development serves as the lead federal entity for rural development
needs, and administers program assistance through three agencies, including the
Rural Housing Service, Rural Business-Cooperative Service and Rural Utilities
Service. Further information on USDA Rural Development programs can be obtained
by visiting USDA's web site at www.rurdev.usda.gov.

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2004 Silver City Sun-News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             869 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 27, 2014 Monday

Ecumen, MnSCU form Partnership to Address Rural Senior Care Shortage

LENGTH: 1204  words

DATELINE: Mankato


Minnesota State University has issued the following news release:

Rural Minnesota is acutely impacted by the collision of a rapidly aging
population and a shortage of nurses in senior care. Ecumen, a non-profit senior
housing and services organization, which operates in many rural Minnesota
communities, and Minnesota State Colleges and Universities will collaborate to
help address that problem through a new workforce development initiative called
Ecumen Scholars. The effort is being coordinated by HealthForce Minnesota,
MnSCU's Center of Excellence in healthcare, and is supported by a $1.9 million
grant awarded to Ecumen by the Margaret A. Cargill Foundation.

Over two years, Ecumen Scholars will provide a variety of educational,
vocational and financial opportunities for nursing students at MnSCU colleges
and universities to pursue careers in rural senior health. The U.S. Census
Bureau estimates that 15 percent of rural Minnesota residents are age 65 or
older, and some counties have a population comprised of 20 to 25 percent
seniors. At a time when demand for senior care is increasing, rural Minnesota's
nursing workforce is shrinking as more nurses retire and fewer nurses replace
them.

"The Margaret A. Cargill Foundation's support allows us to take a creative
approach for connecting students and recent graduates in our state with an
extremely rewarding career opportunity and further learn how we can best fill
the rural employment gap in senior services," said Ecumen President and CEO
Kathryn Roberts. "At Ecumen, we find many of our best people were influenced
early on by working with older adults and having a great mentoring experience.
This initiative combines those two important elements to attract our state's
students to this critically important work."

"Our collaboration with Ecumen is a powerful example of how a creative
partnership can help meet an urgent need in Minnesota's workforce," said Steven
Rosenstone, chancellor of Minnesota State Colleges and Universities. "Ecumen
Scholars will have an in-depth clinical experience and the opportunity to live
and work in rural Minnesota. We are very pleased to be partnering with Ecumen to
educate and train more Minnesotans in a field that is critical to the health and
well-being of our seniors."

Ecumen Scholars will work with seniors at a variety of care levels and settings
including transitional care or rehabilitation, assisted living, dementia care
and home care. Key components of the Ecumen Scholar program include:

o Gerontological Clinical Rotations: Beginning with the 2014-2015 school year
clinical rotations will be established at Ecumen sites near MnSCU campuses.
Clinical locations will include Worthington, Mankato, Litchfield, Hutchinson,
Alexandria, Detroit Lakes, Moorhead and Two Harbors.

o Summer Nursing Leadership Fellowships: Beginning in 2015, students in nursing
programs at MnSCU universities will be able to apply for up to eight summer
Ecumen Nursing Leadership Fellowships. Each Fellow will receive a $3,000 summer
living stipend and will work closely with a Director of Nursing at an Ecumen
location for 120 hours, gaining valuable insights into clinical management and
leadership, and education on Ecumen Awakenings, which is Ecumen's integrated
care program to improve Alzheimer's care and life quality by reducing
psychotropic medications.

o School-Work Opportunities: Nursing students at MnSCU colleges and universities
will be notified of open positions at the Ecumen Scholar sites, which will help
them launch careers while attending school and transition to full-time
employment upon graduation.

o Financial Bonus Payments: Ecumen Scholars who graduate from nursing programs
at MnSCU colleges and universities and are hired within one year at rural Ecumen
locations will be eligible for financial bonus payments at the one-year,
three-year, five-year and ten-year anniversaries of their start date. These
bonus payments can be used to repay student loans, and the bonus amounts will
increase with each subsequent anniversary.

o Summer Scrubs Camp: In 2015, Ecumen employees and residents at Ecumen Scholar
sites will have the opportunity to send their high-school age children
free-of-charge to summer Scrubs Camp, which is co-Sponsored by MnSCU and
HealthForce Minnesota. Scrubs Camp is a five-day camp held at Winona State
University, Augsburg College and Saint Paul College dedicated to introducing
high-school students to the health care field. Up to 35 children will have their
$450 tuition covered by an Ecumen Scholars scholarship. This component of Ecumen
Scholars grew out of the fact that children with parents in the health care
field or exposed to the care relatives receive are more likely to enter the
field themselves.

Jody Bloemke, a resident of Mankato and a Minnesota State University, Mankato
alumna, has been hired to manage Ecumen Scholars. She has extensive experience
in communications, marketing, recruitment, rural issues and public outreach. In
her role as Special Program Manager at Ecumen, she will work closely with
HealthForce Minnesota. Bloemke previously served as Healthcare Workforce
Placement Coordinator at South Central College in North Mankato, Minn. She also
served as an administrator for the AgStar Fund for Rural America and managed
AgStar's community involvement program of 600 employee volunteers.

Her vast volunteer experience includes serving on the boards of the Minnesota
Agriculture in the Classroom Foundation, Minnesota Agriculture & Rural
Leadership and the Minnesota Agri-Women Board. Bloemke graduated Magna Cum Laude
from Minnesota State Mankato with a Bachelor of Science in Urban Studies and a
minor in marketing.

Ecumen is one of the nation's top 20 largest non-profit providers of senior
housing and services. Based in Shoreview, Minn., Ecumen operates in 38 cities in
Minnesota, Michigan, North Dakota, Wisconsin, Nebraska, Idaho and Tennessee.
Dedicated to empowering individuals to lead richer, fuller lives, Ecumen prides
itself on innovation and radically changing the way aging is viewed and
understood. Ecumen, founded more than 150 years ago, is a nine-time recipient of
the Minneapolis/St. Paul Business Journal's "Best Places to Work" award. More
information about the Ecumen Scholars program can be found at
ecumenscholars.org.

HealthForce Minnesota is a MnSCU Center of Excellence that works with partners
in education, industry, and communities across the state to increase the number
and expand the diversity of healthcare workers; integrate health science
education practice and research; and build capacity for education and industry
to collaborate to enhance patient care. It is the state's only legislatively
approved Center of Excellence for healthcare. Other MnSCU Centers of Excellence
exist in Energy, Engineering, Manufacturing, and Information Technology.

The Minnesota State Colleges and Universities include 24 two-year community,
technical, and comprehensive colleges and seven state universities serving more
than 430,000 students. It is the fifth-largest higher education system of its
kind in the United States.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             870 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                           November 20, 2004 Saturday
                                 First Edition

China's property conundrum;
Report

BYLINE: Colleen Ryan SHANGHAI

SECTION: PERSPECTIVE; International News; Pg. 29

LENGTH: 789 words


A debate is raging over whether China's mammoth property boom could turn out to
be a bubble.

China's property bubble has been kicked around like an economic soccer ball
between bureaucrats and analysts in the Middle Kingdom. There is not only
virulent disagreement about whether the bubble is about to burst, but a dispute
about whether it even exists.

And the temperature has only risen since interest rates were increased last
month for the first time in nine years.

The row upon row of high-rise apartment blocks under construction wrapping
around the outskirts of China's larger cities like a cloak and dotting the
skylines of the city centres tend to support the bubble proponents.

From Beijing to Shanghai, from Nanjing to Qingdao, the sheer scale of the
residential construction would leave even the most ambitious Gold Coast
developer speechless. Whole boulevardes are lined on either side with brand new
complexes.

Has the most populous nation in the world launched a property bubble that could
threaten the foundations of its whole economy, as economists such as Andy Xie of
Morgan Stanley have been warning? Or is it merely catering to genuine demand, as
Beijing's Ministry of Construction claims?

Andy Xie states unequivocally that "the bulk of China's property demand today is
not sustainable". A well-known bear on this issue and widely quoted in China's
official media, Xie claims "the development of China's property market is the
determining factor for a hard landing or a soft landing rather than the
government's policies".

A number of vocal analysts in China support Xie's conclusions. Yi Xian Rong of
the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences claims: "The real-estate industry
threatens China's mainland economy and also threatens many regional economies;
it is the banks who will take the responsibility for the bubble popping."

Property values have risen an average of 13.4 per cent over the past year.
Investment in real estate is growing even faster. According to the People's Bank
of China, the country's central bank, loans to the property sector hit 2.1
trillion yuan ($325 billion) at the end of June, up 36 per cent year-on-year.

China's real-estate market can't be compared with that of any other nation.
Until 1998, housing was provided free by the government and/or employers. When
this policy was discarded, residents were mostly offered the opportunity to buy
land-use rights to their residences for a minimal sum. Land-use rights typically
last for 70 years. But any new demand for housing has to be met on the open
market.

In a country where a massive rural urban drift is under way and it is common in
the cities for three generations to share tiny one- or two-bedroom apartments,
the pent-up demand for housing is huge. The Construction Ministry relied on this
argument in a recent controversial report in which it maintains: "It is a
fallacy to say the property market is bubbling. There is no sign suggesting a
possible real-estate financial crisis."

The figures are compelling. Urban residents in China now amount to 490 million.
But this figure is expected to rise to 850 million by 2020, largely due to the
drift from rural areas.

There is also the pent-up demand arising from a desire to increase the living
space available. The average living space for an urban resident is now 23.8
square metres and the ministry expects this to rise to 35 sq m per capita by
2020.

Then there is the passive demand the city dwellers whose houses are being
demolished to make way for office buildings, Olympics sites and the World Expo
site in Shanghai.

The demand may be there but can the average Chinese wage earner afford to buy
many of these new apartments? Ying Yongli, a specialist in real-estate finance
research, says affordability is reaching its limits. In Shanghai, the ratio of
average house prices to average income is 15, compared with an accepted norm of
five.

Ying has also researched the speculative element in Shanghai real-estate
development and concluded, from a study of utility charges, that 16.6 per cent
of recently completed developments are vacant, while a healthier ratio would be
10 per cent.

The Construction Ministry counters the arguments on vacancy rates, saying they
are down 3 per cent year-on-year in absolute terms. And it points to the
mortgage default rates with the major banks, which at 2 per 10,000 are very low.

The central bank does not appear to share the sanguine view, noting in its
latest monthly report: "We must pay a high degree of attention to property
prices."

Misallocation of capital is one of the greatest risks for the economy. With
construction taking up half of fixed-asset investment in Beijing this year,
planners will be praying the return on investment is healthy.

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Going up . . . workers erect a building for a car market in
Guangzhou.Photo Reuters

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2004 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             871 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Hull Daily Mail

                              May 11, 2009 Monday

'I have never seen a road like it before'

SECTION: Pg. 16

LENGTH: 312 words


When a man from the ministry called at the sea of muck  which was Chesswick
Avenue, Keadby, in January 1953, he took one look at what was dubbed "The Worst
Road in Lincolnshire", went back and returned later with two more senior
colleagues.

The avenue was inches deep in oily, black mud, and dotted all over with deep
puddles.

Although just passable on foot, anyone who used it ended up covered in mud.

The Scunthorpe Telegraph columnist Wayfarer broke the story in his district
diary and commented: "I myself have never seen anything like it in the form of a
road before, and the people who have to live there and daily traverse this
glorified quagmire have all my sympathy.

"The paradox is that the Isle of Axholme Rural District Council want to make up
this road, yet it cannot - for the moment, at any rate. For it has not the
statutory powers to carry out this work on what is a private road.

"The inspectors who have just examined it are making their report to the
Ministry of Housing and Local Government, which will consider the legal position
to find out if it can authorise the Isle council to go ahead.

"If this proves to be the case, the RDC will borrow the money through the Public
Works Loan Board, make up the road and hand it over for maintenance to Lindsey
County Council's highways department."

The terrible state of Chesswick Avenue resulted from the development of the area
by the council and the Keadby Housing Association.

Lorries and other vehicles, heavily laden with material on their way to and from
building sites, were churning up the road.

Local people were very unhappy, prompting Coun GF Stones to tell his colleagues:
"I get insults right and left - and I have no answer to them."

Coun George Cheeseman added: "The people's complaints are absolutely justified,
and if the ministry says we can go ahead, we shall make a new road and it will
be a good job."

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 88


                         Copyright 2009 Hull Daily Mail
                              All Rights Reserved


                             872 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Hull Daily Mail

                              May 11, 2009 Monday

'I have never seen a road like it before'

SECTION: Pg. 16

LENGTH: 312 words


When a man from the ministry called at the sea of muck  which was Chesswick
Avenue, Keadby, in January 1953, he took one look at what was dubbed "The Worst
Road in Lincolnshire", went back and returned later with two more senior
colleagues.

The avenue was inches deep in oily, black mud, and dotted all over with deep
puddles.

Although just passable on foot, anyone who used it ended up covered in mud.

The Scunthorpe Telegraph columnist Wayfarer broke the story in his district
diary and commented: "I myself have never seen anything like it in the form of a
road before, and the people who have to live there and daily traverse this
glorified quagmire have all my sympathy.

"The paradox is that the Isle of Axholme Rural District Council want to make up
this road, yet it cannot - for the moment, at any rate. For it has not the
statutory powers to carry out this work on what is a private road.

"The inspectors who have just examined it are making their report to the
Ministry of Housing and Local Government, which will consider the legal position
to find out if it can authorise the Isle council to go ahead.

"If this proves to be the case, the RDC will borrow the money through the Public
Works Loan Board, make up the road and hand it over for maintenance to Lindsey
County Council's highways department."

The terrible state of Chesswick Avenue resulted from the development of the area
by the council and the Keadby Housing Association.

Lorries and other vehicles, heavily laden with material on their way to and from
building sites, were churning up the road.

Local people were very unhappy, prompting Coun GF Stones to tell his colleagues:
"I get insults right and left - and I have no answer to them."

Coun George Cheeseman added: "The people's complaints are absolutely justified,
and if the ministry says we can go ahead, we shall make a new road and it will
be a good job."

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 88


                         Copyright 2009 Hull Daily Mail
                              All Rights Reserved


                             873 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Hull Daily Mail

                              May 11, 2009 Monday

'I have never seen a road like it before'

SECTION: Pg. 16

LENGTH: 312 words


When a man from the ministry called at the sea of muck  which was Chesswick
Avenue, Keadby, in January 1953, he took one look at what was dubbed "The Worst
Road in Lincolnshire", went back and returned later with two more senior
colleagues.

The avenue was inches deep in oily, black mud, and dotted all over with deep
puddles.

Although just passable on foot, anyone who used it ended up covered in mud.

The Scunthorpe Telegraph columnist Wayfarer broke the story in his district
diary and commented: "I myself have never seen anything like it in the form of a
road before, and the people who have to live there and daily traverse this
glorified quagmire have all my sympathy.

"The paradox is that the Isle of Axholme Rural District Council want to make up
this road, yet it cannot - for the moment, at any rate. For it has not the
statutory powers to carry out this work on what is a private road.

"The inspectors who have just examined it are making their report to the
Ministry of Housing and Local Government, which will consider the legal position
to find out if it can authorise the Isle council to go ahead.

"If this proves to be the case, the RDC will borrow the money through the Public
Works Loan Board, make up the road and hand it over for maintenance to Lindsey
County Council's highways department."

The terrible state of Chesswick Avenue resulted from the development of the area
by the council and the Keadby Housing Association.

Lorries and other vehicles, heavily laden with material on their way to and from
building sites, were churning up the road.

Local people were very unhappy, prompting Coun GF Stones to tell his colleagues:
"I get insults right and left - and I have no answer to them."

Coun George Cheeseman added: "The people's complaints are absolutely justified,
and if the ministry says we can go ahead, we shall make a new road and it will
be a good job."

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 88


                         Copyright 2009 Hull Daily Mail
                              All Rights Reserved


                             874 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Scunthorpe Evening Telegraph

                              May 11, 2009 Monday

'I have never seen a road like it before'

SECTION: Pg. 16

LENGTH: 312 words


When a man from the ministry called at the sea of muck  which was Chesswick
Avenue, Keadby, in January 1953, he took one look at what was dubbed "The Worst
Road in Lincolnshire", went back and returned later with two more senior
colleagues.

The avenue was inches deep in oily, black mud, and dotted all over with deep
puddles.

Although just passable on foot, anyone who used it ended up covered in mud.

The Scunthorpe Telegraph columnist Wayfarer broke the story in his district
diary and commented: "I myself have never seen anything like it in the form of a
road before, and the people who have to live there and daily traverse this
glorified quagmire have all my sympathy.

"The paradox is that the Isle of Axholme Rural District Council want to make up
this road, yet it cannot - for the moment, at any rate. For it has not the
statutory powers to carry out this work on what is a private road.

"The inspectors who have just examined it are making their report to the
Ministry of Housing and Local Government, which will consider the legal position
to find out if it can authorise the Isle council to go ahead.

"If this proves to be the case, the RDC will borrow the money through the Public
Works Loan Board, make up the road and hand it over for maintenance to Lindsey
County Council's highways department."

The terrible state of Chesswick Avenue resulted from the development of the area
by the council and the Keadby Housing Association.

Lorries and other vehicles, heavily laden with material on their way to and from
building sites, were churning up the road.

Local people were very unhappy, prompting Coun GF Stones to tell his colleagues:
"I get insults right and left - and I have no answer to them."

Coun George Cheeseman added: "The people's complaints are absolutely justified,
and if the ministry says we can go ahead, we shall make a new road and it will
be a good job."

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 99


                  Copyright 2009 Scunthorpe Evening Telegraph
                              All Rights Reserved


                             875 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Scunthorpe Evening Telegraph

                              May 11, 2009 Monday

'I have never seen a road like it before'

SECTION: Pg. 16

LENGTH: 312 words


When a man from the ministry called at the sea of muck  which was Chesswick
Avenue, Keadby, in January 1953, he took one look at what was dubbed "The Worst
Road in Lincolnshire", went back and returned later with two more senior
colleagues.

The avenue was inches deep in oily, black mud, and dotted all over with deep
puddles.

Although just passable on foot, anyone who used it ended up covered in mud.

The Scunthorpe Telegraph columnist Wayfarer broke the story in his district
diary and commented: "I myself have never seen anything like it in the form of a
road before, and the people who have to live there and daily traverse this
glorified quagmire have all my sympathy.

"The paradox is that the Isle of Axholme Rural District Council want to make up
this road, yet it cannot - for the moment, at any rate. For it has not the
statutory powers to carry out this work on what is a private road.

"The inspectors who have just examined it are making their report to the
Ministry of Housing and Local Government, which will consider the legal position
to find out if it can authorise the Isle council to go ahead.

"If this proves to be the case, the RDC will borrow the money through the Public
Works Loan Board, make up the road and hand it over for maintenance to Lindsey
County Council's highways department."

The terrible state of Chesswick Avenue resulted from the development of the area
by the council and the Keadby Housing Association.

Lorries and other vehicles, heavily laden with material on their way to and from
building sites, were churning up the road.

Local people were very unhappy, prompting Coun GF Stones to tell his colleagues:
"I get insults right and left - and I have no answer to them."

Coun George Cheeseman added: "The people's complaints are absolutely justified,
and if the ministry says we can go ahead, we shall make a new road and it will
be a good job."

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 99


                  Copyright 2009 Scunthorpe Evening Telegraph
                              All Rights Reserved


                             876 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Scunthorpe Evening Telegraph

                              May 11, 2009 Monday

'I have never seen a road like it before'

SECTION: Pg. 16

LENGTH: 312 words


When a man from the ministry called at the sea of muck  which was Chesswick
Avenue, Keadby, in January 1953, he took one look at what was dubbed "The Worst
Road in Lincolnshire", went back and returned later with two more senior
colleagues.

The avenue was inches deep in oily, black mud, and dotted all over with deep
puddles.

Although just passable on foot, anyone who used it ended up covered in mud.

The Scunthorpe Telegraph columnist Wayfarer broke the story in his district
diary and commented: "I myself have never seen anything like it in the form of a
road before, and the people who have to live there and daily traverse this
glorified quagmire have all my sympathy.

"The paradox is that the Isle of Axholme Rural District Council want to make up
this road, yet it cannot - for the moment, at any rate. For it has not the
statutory powers to carry out this work on what is a private road.

"The inspectors who have just examined it are making their report to the
Ministry of Housing and Local Government, which will consider the legal position
to find out if it can authorise the Isle council to go ahead.

"If this proves to be the case, the RDC will borrow the money through the Public
Works Loan Board, make up the road and hand it over for maintenance to Lindsey
County Council's highways department."

The terrible state of Chesswick Avenue resulted from the development of the area
by the council and the Keadby Housing Association.

Lorries and other vehicles, heavily laden with material on their way to and from
building sites, were churning up the road.

Local people were very unhappy, prompting Coun GF Stones to tell his colleagues:
"I get insults right and left - and I have no answer to them."

Coun George Cheeseman added: "The people's complaints are absolutely justified,
and if the ministry says we can go ahead, we shall make a new road and it will
be a good job."

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 99


                  Copyright 2009 Scunthorpe Evening Telegraph
                              All Rights Reserved


                             877 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Daily Times (Pryor, Oklahoma)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 13, 2008 Saturday

Adair approves water purchase

BYLINE: Kathy Parker, Daily Times, Pryor, Okla.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 540 words


Sep. 13--Rural Water District 6 has approved selling water to the town of Adair
and Adair trustees want to buy it.

There is a Department of Environmental Quality mandate that will force the town
to spend around $400,000 for filtration to bring the water quality up to
standard at the current plant.

The problem, Water Superintendent Scott Martin said, is there is "no room for
growth. We're maxed out." The water plant is functioning at capacity and it is
not possible to add more customers. There are two developers waiting for water
to build housing additions.

If the town runs three miles of 12-inch water line from RWD 6, the town will
have an unlimited water supply. Engineer Dwayne Henderson said he thinks it will
be possible to run the water line for less money than implementing the
filtration system.

Trustees asked Henderson to complete a time and cost estimate on running the new
water line.

The sewer plant upgrade has been in the works since 1998. The project, estimated
at $327,700 at that time, is now estimated at $1.2 million. Trustees now must
decide where to get the money for the project.

Since borrowing government money has a cheaper interest rate and longer payback
option that other means, trustees will likely get the money from that source.
Government money requires environmental information documents, which include a
study to guarantee there are no American Burying Beetles on the construction
site. The beetles are on the endangered species list and have been found in
northeast Oklahoma. Trustees approved a $2,500 expenditure to complete the
beetle survey.

Henderson said federal funding will take six to nine months to complete the
application.

Adair currently has a loan from Rural Development that was made in 1991. The
40-year note has a $172,000 pay off. Options for financing include paying off
that loan before starting another. That will take most of the town's liquid
funds, but it will take away that payment.

After looking at all the options, trustees will try to get the loan from the
Oklahoma Water Resources Board. Water and sewer rates will have to be increased.
As one of the conditions of the loan, the town must make 25 percent more than
expenses each month to assure the OWRB it can repay the loan. The loan also
requires the town to have 10 percent of the amount of the loan in the bank.
Trustees voted to raise the rates. Raising the rates is one requirement of the
loan. The amount will not be definite until OWRB looks at the proposed rate
schedule and determines whether it will be sufficient.

"We're pretty much in the hole every month on the water side of it," Town Clerk
Melissa Crawford told trustees.

The OWRB loan, if approved, will have a 30 year pay off. Technically, OWRB
cannot make a 30-year loan until April, so the note will likely first be
approved as a 20-year note.

To see more of the Daily Times or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.pryordailytimes.com. Copyright (c) 2008, Daily Times, Pryor, Okla.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080913-OJ-Adair-approves-water-purchase-0913

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OJ


                                 Copyright 2008


                             878 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            South China Morning Post

                             April 30, 2013 Tuesday

The HK$1 million first-home question;
Would selling discounted flats to young buyers undermine subsidised housing for
others?

BYLINE: Paggie Leung

SECTION: BUSINESS; Bricks & Mortar; Pg. 02

LENGTH: 490 words


When Lee Shau-kee, the chairman of Henderson Land Development, said in January
he would consider building homes and selling them for HK$1 million each to young
buyers, my friends were ecstatic and thought hard about how they could qualify
to buy one of them.

"Just HK$1 million for a 300-square-foot flat - although it may be in a rural
area in the New Territories - is a good deal for poor people like me," a
27-year-old friend, who earns about HK$15,000 a month but is still repaying
government loans for his university degree, said then.

As Hong Kong's home prices have soared to a level where one can barely find a
20-year-old flat for HK$2 million, a brand new private flat at HK$1 million is
really attractive.

But the proposal seems to have changed as discussions between Henderson, or Lee,
and the government continue.

At first, Lee suggested he would sell the flats at their construction price,
about HK$1 million per unit, as long as the government would exempt the
developer from the land premium. The government countered suggesting that Lee
donate his farmland, on which the government would build the flats. It
reportedly selected seven sites, most in the northeastern New Territories, where
it could build 10,000 homes for first-time buyers.

Last week, Lee reportedly told a Chinese-language magazine the government
believed selling the flats only to young people would be unfair to others.

The report said that although Lee wanted to charge the buyers just for the
construction costs, the government thought that was not feasible and might
challenge its subsidised housing policies.

It would prefer to sell those flats at 60 per cent to 70 per cent of the market
price, the report said.

Although the concrete details are yet to be finalised and announced, those of my
friends who were interested in the original scheme said that the new proposals
were a blow to them.

"I think they are moving away from the original idea," the friend I mentioned
earlier said. "The scheme may no longer be just for young people like us.

"New flats in the New Territories are selling at about HK$2.5 million, so after
discounts, it will be more than HK$1.5 million to HK$1.75 million. HK$500,000
may sound a small amount to some people, but it will take me more than a decade
to save that amount," he said in despair.

Another friend said: "I knew it was too good to be true! I bet there will be
more stringent requirements on buyers in future, and it may even be more
difficult to apply for it than other schemes subsidised by the government."

Of course, the Hong Kong government must ensure that the public resources be
used fairly and properly. At the same time, I advised my friends to adjust their
expectations, although they may have done so already.

So how do you think the scheme should be structured so that Lee's idea of
helping young first-time buyers and the government's wish to keep its policies
fair to all can be fulfilled at the same time?

LOAD-DATE: April 30, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Lee Shau-kee has a plan for first-time buyers. Photo: K.Y. Cheng

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 South China Morning Post Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             879 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                 July 10, 1999, Saturday, Monday, Final Edition

Board Passes Golf Course Development; Plan for High-Priced Housing Draws
Supervisors' Support

Libby Copeland, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: PRINCE WILLIAM EXTRA; Pg. V01

LENGTH: 804 words


A 2,073-acre upscale golf course community near Haymarket got the blessing of
the Prince William Board of County Supervisors on Tuesday, over the objections
of neighbors who fear the development will mar the county's rural western end.

By a vote of 7 to 1, the board approved a series of zoning changes to the design
for Dominion Golf and County Club, which will consist of 2,800 high-priced
detached homes and town houses, a golf course, swimming pools and tennis courts,
and 250,000 square feet of office and retail space, all on the one-time site of
Disney's controversial theme park.

The developer, Pennsylvania-based Toll Brothers Inc., said it recently has made
substantial accommodations to appease area residents. They worry that ground
water irrigation for the golf course will suck their well dry and that the
influx of families will swell traffic on nearby Route 15 and overburden schools
and taxpayers. The developer has the right to build as many as 2,800 homes on
the property.

John Elcano, a Toll Brothers vice president, said the recent proffers will
enhance the company's ability to "build an upscale community that we think is
necessary to attract the upper-level executives and, in turn, attract their
businesses."

But neighbors at Tuesday's meeting urged the board to delay its decision,
complaining that the company's measures were inadequate and might even worsen
the situation by stealing open space for a larger golf course and moving the
locations of several public facilities.

"Simply let the full [zoning] process unfold," entreated Fred Potter, 41, an
adjacent land owner. "Time's our friend. Two thousand acres in its entirety
essentially transforms the western end."

Only Ruth T. Griggs (R-Occoquan) voted against approving the changes. Supervisor
Edgar S. Wilbourn III (R-Gainesville), in whose district the project is planned,
praised the project's high-end housing, as well as proffers mandating
transportation improvements and an extensive water study to test the effects of
the development on the ground water supply. He said these additional measures
constitute a step up from what would have been built under the bare minimum
zoning requirements.

The developers "addressed a lot of the concerns to maintain the rural atmosphere
in the community," Wilbourn said Thursday.

Development has not come easy to this tract of land, perched just north of
Interstate 66 and west of Route 15. A subsidiary of Exxon sparked intense
opposition in 1991 when it obtained a rezoning of the land--then known as
Waverly--and tried to build a housing development of similar size to the current
plan. That effort was put on hold because of a slump in the real estate market.
In 1994, Disney sought to transform the parcel into a historical theme park,
Disney's America, but abandoned the idea after county activists and
preservationists rallied against it.

Last year, Toll Brothers purchased the bulk of the original 2,500-acre Exxon
property and announced its plans for a luxury housing development amid protest
from residents hesitant to accept the trappings of more growth.

But because of the existing zoning, houses on this land are inevitable, and Toll
Brothers says a recent amendment setting aside 250 age-restricted homes should
sweeten the deal by reducing the number of possible children who will live
there. Supporters of the $ 700 million project also point out that the houses
will be high-end, selling for an average of more than $ 275,000 and topping out
at $ 500,000, according to a lawyer for the developer.

Changes approved Tuesday included adding land for nine holes to what will become
a 27-hole golf course, possibly moving the locations of a fire station, library
and recreational spaces, and making transportation and buffer improvements.

The public debate Tuesday shed light on long-running questions over water in
western Prince William, where all the older communities depend on wells. Several
area developments under construction, such as gated retired community Heritage
Hunt and gated golf community Bellwood, will have water and sewer lines, as will
the Dominion property.

Neighbors of the proposed development voiced concern over the accuracy of the
pending hydrology study, even after the public outcry prompted an eleventh-hour
agreement Tuesday night expanding the developer's responsibility for residents'
well-water supplies.

"If our wells do have a problem, that's going to be our problem to pay to
connect to city water when it comes," said Diana Nicholls, 54, of Gainesville.

Elcano said Toll Brothers plans to start basic infrastructural improvements next
month and to have some houses finished and for sale in spring 2000. Well
irrigation for the golf course will not begin until the hydrology study is
completed, he said.

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1999 The Washington Post


                             880 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                    February 6, 2002 Wednesday Final Edition

Rising house prices hit record high in January: Increases average 13.8% in year,
30% over 5 years: HOUSING

SOURCE: The Edmonton Journal

BYLINE: Paul Marck, Journal Business Writer

SECTION: Business; Pg. H3

LENGTH: 480 words

DATELINE: Edmonton

The city's hot real estate market continued to sizzle in January, as the average
selling price of a single detached home leaped to a record $162,780, up 13.8 per
cent from a year ago.

Sales for the month reached a new high of 1,054, a 26.2 per cent jump over
January 2001.

Figures released by the Edmonton

Real Estate Board show market activity in 2002 continues a trend.

Home prices made moderate annual gains of four to five per cent from 1997-2000,
and 7.8 per cent in 2001 before striking double digits in the new year.

The total of all those increases adds up to 30 per cent, or $37,545, over the
last five years.

The median, or middle, price for all homes sold in January was $152,500.

The trend is likely to continue, as banks lowered long-term mortgage rates
Tuesday by a third of a percentage point.

Low interest rates are credited with driving Edmonton's strong housing markets
over the past year, said Ken Shearer, president of the real estate board.

"It can only be a positive thing," Shearer said.

Other factors continue to influence the housing market as well.

"We continue to have an influx of job seekers, with low interest rates and taxes
... (making for) a very affordable housing market in the area," Shearer said.

There were also marked gains in other forms of housing. Condo prices rose 17.6
per cent over the year, reaching a record high of $98,554, while duplex and
rowhouse properties fetched an average $141,376, a 25.5 per cent gain.

The average residential price for all kinds of housing reached $142,188 -- 12.4
per cent over a year ago.

Momentum of higher-priced home sales also continued to move upwards. In January,
48 per cent of all home sales were above $140,000, compared with 17 per cent
above that figure in 1997.

Total sales through Multiple Listing Service for January reached a new benchmark
of 1,211 for residential, rural and commercial properties.

January dollar volume of $178.6 million was a whopping 49 per cent higher than a
year ago.

CHECK OUT WEB SITE FOR DEALS

Homeowners befuddled by a grocery list of mortgage options have a new Web site
to turn to for help.

QuickenMortgage.ca is a Web site started by Intuit Canada allowing homeowners to
search for the best mortgage deal, even beyond their home city or province.

The tool is offered through an agreement with the Mortgage Alliance Co. of
Canada, the largest independent mortgage broker in the country.

First-time buyers can use the service to decide how big a mortgage they can
afford, and they can apply online. Within 24 hours a mortgage consultant will
contact them, explaining options offered by 30 major lenders.

People with an existing mortgage can analyse it, look for something better, and
be alerted when there's an opportunity to get ahead by breaking or locking in
their mortgage.

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Business; Statistics

               Copyright 2002 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             881 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              North Devon Journal

                                 March 24, 2011

Market plan 'on minister's map'

SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 256 words


Jon Walkerjwalker@c-dm.co.uk

A BID for a £3 million bridging loan to build a new livestock market in
Holsworthy has been given greater clout by a ministerial visit.

Secretary of State for rural affairs Caroline Spelman was briefed about the
importance of the new cattle market on her trip to Holsworthy.

She said: "I've seen the existing market in Underlane and heard how the new one
is crucially important for the whole area.

"It will safeguard jobs and create new ones for young people.

"It's an ambitious and interesting example of regeneration benefiting a wide
community. Holsworthy is definitely on my map now."

It is hoped she will lobby Lord  Heseltine, who oversees a £1 billion growth
fund, to approve the new building loan.

Regeneration team North Devon+ is driving the project and Peter Quincey, of the
group, said: "We can't sell the Underlane market to pay for the new one, as
while it was being built there would be nowhere local to sell livestock.

"Until the new one opens we can't sell the existing one. So a bridging loan is
needed."

The loan application is due to be decided in a few weeks.

Mr Quincey said: "Of course we hope the minister will support the bid.

"The new market will safeguard 112 jobs and when the new business park alongside
it opens 250 or so jobs will be created."

He also said to attract the loan, sale of the old site had to be virtually
guaranteed to ensure repayment.

He said that a deal with Tesco for part of it was almost agreed.

No housing developer has  yet emerged as a contender for the remaining land.

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 150


                       Copyright 2011 North Devon Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                             882 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                            July 16, 2014 Wednesday
                                   E1 Edition

Minister launches 'mega' housing projects

BYLINE:  Marianne Merten and Sapa

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 458 words


FIFTY "mega" housing projects of no fewer than 10 000 homes will kick-start the
delivery of 1.5 million homes over the next five years, says Human Settlements
Minister Lindiwe Sisulu.

The projects, which brought all three spheres of government together, would get
under way in the next 100 days, as part of an effort to tackle the housing
backlog of 2.3 million homes, said Sisulu before her R29 billion budget vote in
Parliament yesterday.

The "housing opportunities" in the projects would be a mix of state-subsidised
homes, rental accommodation, serviced sites and so-called "gap homes" for those
earning too little to qualify for a bond and too much for a state-subsidised
house. The national government would unlock land, and provinces would provide
services.

Local government would provide land, if available, and manage the housing
waiting lists. In addition, youth brigades would be established for each project
to boost work opportunities and skills training.

"The waiting list requires us to do nothing less than that... We can't go into
30 years of our freedom with a huge backlog..." said Sisulu.

Delivering her budget vote in Parliament, Sisulu said there had been a drastic
drop in the delivery of houses - an average drop of 25 percent over the past
five years.

"We have huge shortages of land for housing, which is a primary need |for our
purpose. We particularly require well-located land close to work opportunities."

She also said alongside housing delivery pledges, there would be a housing
database to prevent fraud and queue jumping. It would also reprioritise state
housing for the indigent, vulnerable and elderly, rather than the large numbers
of 18-year-olds currently on the waiting lists.

"There has been a lot of abuse, making it difficult to understand if the backlog
of 2.3 million households... is actually correct," Sisulu said.

The minister also announced the N2 Gateway project would be taken over as a
national project to fast-track completion.

Other initiatives over the next year included a new programme for youth and
women empowerment in construction, with its own deputy director-general, the
merging of the rural housing loan fund into the National Housing Finance
Corporation to streamline housing financing, and a housing summit.

There would be consultations with the private sector to restart social
partnerships. Sisulu said big employers would be encouraged to provide assisted
housing opportunities for their workers.

With some 2 200 informal settlements across South Africa, Sisulu was upbeat
about meeting the target of 1.5 million housing opportunities by 2019.

"We believe this is within our range of possibility," she said, adding |that
between 2004 and 2009 the |state provided 1.2 million housing opportunities.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CA


                Copyright 2014 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             883 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                    Berwickshire News & East Lothian Herald

                                 July 15, 2009

Demand for affordable housing is growing;
7,000 people currently looking for homes in the Borders

BYLINE: Janice Gillie

LENGTH: 865 words



HIGHLIGHT: DEMAND for affordable housing in the Borders continues to grow
despite Scottish Government protestations that they are supporting the building
of new homes in the region to the tune of £7.2 million this year.


Borders Choice Homes, the agency which advertises housing association homes
available for rent, has 7000 people registered looking for homes and for every
Berwickshire Housing Association house or flat that becomes available there can
be around 100 people applying.

Family circumstances such as overcrowding, the break down of family units which
means that two not one house is needed, and young people moving out of the
family home, all add to the pressure.

Allocation of homes that become available is causing frustration and during a
recent Scottish Housing Regulator inspection of Berwickshire Housing
Association, inspectors highlighted inconsistencies within the letting system
being used across the region, particularly with the use of medical priority
passes.

Politicians are also growing increasingly concerned about social housing
allocation policies across Scotland in general and during a debate in the
Scottish Parliament last week, Housing Minister, Alex Neil, said: "We are
currently reviewing the allocations guidance that we issue to local authorities
jointly with the Convention of Scottish Local Authorities. We hope to consult on
that guidance later this year."

Roxburgh and Berwickshire MSP John Lamont wants to see the Scottish Government
do more to improve the system of allocating affordable housing in rural areas.
And in particular he wants to see social landlords, including councils, given
more powers to take into account local connections when deciding on housing
applications and transfer requests.

Speaking after questioning the Housing Minister in the Scottish Parliament, Mr
Lamont said: "One of the issues raised with me time and again is the
difficulties people in rural communities face when wanting to transfer to a
house within their own community, only to find that they are so far down the
housing list that this is impossible.

"While this is obviously a difficult problem to deal with and increasing the
overall supply of affordable housing to meet the needs of rural communities and
small towns must be the best way forward, we need to look at other ways of
making sure that local people get access to local housing."

John added: "I am strongly of the view that if the government were to allow
social landlords more scope to take into consideration local connections when
deciding on housing applications and transfer requests, then this would be a
very welcome step. It would help ensure that local people get access to local
houses."

Berwickshire Housing Association chief executive Helen Forsyth sympathises with
this view and would like to see more help given to people wanting to move from
one part of the region to another because of their work commitments.

Adding to the difficult housing situation is the fact that Berwickshire Housing
Association's housing stock continues to reduce as former Berwickshire District
Council tenants exercise their right to buy, while at the same time the housing
association cannot get the grants or loans to build new affordable homes.

Housing stock levels have gone down by 50 over the past five years - 3% of its
stock - while over the past financial year the recession has put the brakes on
building new homes - £200,000 was spent on new builds, considerably less than
the previous two years when BHA spent £1.5 million and £2.7 million building new
houses.

Responding to the current financial situation BHA is currently applying for
charitable status which may assist in accessing grants unavailable to them at
the moment, and they are also looking at working together with other social
housing providers in the region, including housing associations such as Eildon,
Waverley and Scottish Borders Housing Association, plus Scottish Borders
Council, to see if a joint approach to funding would benefit the area.

Helen Forsyth explained the problem: "100 people apply for every house that
comes up for rent. Local people can't get a house with us and I would love to
build them houses but can't get grant or borrowing at the moment.

"We still wish to build new homes but I have to be very careful and because of
the economic climate we have had to slow down. We are talking to all our
partners in the Borders to see if there is a mechanism for building more homes.

"There is growth in the demand from local people needing local homes and
statistics show that people want to stay here."

The association owns land for affordable houses, and plans to buy another  large
site during this financial year, but cannot finance the building at the moment.

Neighbouring East Lothian has similar problems and Shelter Scotland is asking
local residents to support the campaign for more social housing at an event in
Haddington on Friday, July 17, 2009.

The charity will be asking members of the public to draw their ideal home as
they urge Scottish Ministers to fund the construction of 30,000 affordable homes
to rent by 2012.

Graeme Brown, director of Shelter Scotland, said: "We urge everyone to come and
visit the Shelter Scotland Living Room in Haddington and show their support for
the campaign. Their drawing and support will hopefully help us persuade the
Scottish Government to pledge more money through this year's budget."

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BERN


                       Copyright 2009 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             884 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        SUNDAY TELEGRAM (Massachusetts)

                       May 23, 2004 Sunday, ALL EDITIONS

First-time home not such a stretch;
 Program helps buyers get in the door

BYLINE: Karen Nugent; TELEGRAM & GAZETTE STAFF

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 837 words

DATELINE: CLINTON


- Below-market mortgages for first-time home buyers are available in
participating cites and towns through a new program offered by the Massachusetts
Housing Partnership, a quasi-public state agency.

The mortgages, which target low- and moderate-income buyers, can increase a
buyer's purchasing power by 20 percent using a two-mortgage system; the second
mortgage is subsidized by the state.

About a dozen area bankers and real estate agents attended a seminar last week
at Town Hall on the ''SoftSecond'' loan program offered by the housing
partnership.

Locally, the program is administered through the Clinton Office of Community and
Economic Development, which recently received a $10,000 grant to get the program
started in town. Grants were also awarded to Fitchburg, Leominster, Framingham,
Hudson, Marlboro, Worcester, and the Rural Community Assistance Program, which
serves several towns in Central Massachusetts, from Auburn to Westminster.

Donald A. Lowe, director of the economic development office, said the seed money
will likely be enough for two families to buy homes. But partnership officials
at the seminar said that if enthusiasm is shown in a community, more money is
available from a pool of funds.

''I think this is a great program,'' Mr. Lowe said. ''I think we can help a lot
of people here, but it is incumbent on the community to demonstrate the need.''

Heather Hennessey Whelehan, home ownership director at the partnership, told the
group the SoftSecond program began in Boston in 1991 to curtail racial
disparities (so-called ''red-lining'') in mortgage lending practices.

Now the program is used to assist first-time home buyers by splitting the
mortgage in two, Ms. Hennessey Whelehan said.

By offering below-market-rate mortgages, she said, a buyer's purchasing power
goes up by 20 percent. For example, a buyer could jump from being able to afford
a $169,000 house or condo to a $215,000 home.

Buyers are required to make a 3 percent down payment, and to pay the principal
and interest on a first mortgage, usually 77 percent of the purchase price, with
a conventional 30-year fixed-rate mortgage. Buyers do not have to pay points or
for mortgage insurance.

On the SoftSecond mortgage, usually about 20 percent of the house price, the
interest payment is subsidized by the state for the first nine years. The
borrower pays interest after 10 years, but no principal until the eleventh year.
The partnership provides the subsidy for the second mortgage payments to the
bank up front, Ms. Hennessey Whelehan said.

For a monthly first mortgage payment of $517.33, a buyer would pay $30.08 a
month on the second mortgage for the first five years and the state would pay
$90.23 a month. The buyer's second mortgage payments gradually increase in years
six through 10. At year 10, the subsidy would be zero, and the buyer would pay
$161.24 for the second mortgage.

Most of the state's major banks, she said, are offering the program -- 42 banks
in all. Representatives of Clinton Savings Bank and Hudson Savings Bank were at
the seminar. Mr. Lowe said Sovereign Bank is already participating.

Under the program, the home must be lived in by the buyer, and be in a
participating community.

''It helps people get in. It helps people get their feet in, and then they pay
at the end. It's not a freebie,'' Ms. Hennessey Whelehan said.

To qualify, a prospective buyer must meet household income guidelines defined by
the federal Housing and Urban Development Department as 80 percent of the area's
median income. In Clinton, a one-person household would have to earn $43,500 or
less per year; and a four-person household $55,450, according to the
partnership's Web site.

Another requirement is that buyers attend approved home-buyer training courses,
which prompted several questions from the audience. Some real estate agents
questioned whether not attending the classes could kill a deal just before
closing.

The classes, according to Gina Govoni, the partnership's program operation
manager, are given at various sites for a small fee and are usually held in four
sessions. Area classes are available in Worcester, Fitchburg, Gardner and
Winchendon.

''We consider them very important,'' Ms. Govoni said of the classes. ''They
can't just get out of it.''

Since 1991, Ms. Hennessey Whelehan said, the SoftSecond program has helped more
than 7,100 families buy their first homes, and it has had only 25 foreclosures.

The Housing Partnership was established by the Legislature in 1985 to help
develop affordable housing. It is governed by a seven-member board appointed by
the governor.

Home buyer classes

WORCESTER -- NeighborWorks Home Ownership Center of Worcester, 674 Main St.,
offers monthly first-time home-buyer classes, down payment assistance,
rehabilitation loans, post-purchase counseling, credit counseling and
foreclosure prevention services. For more information, call Kelly Filock or
Maritza Morales at (508) 791-2170.

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 2004 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.


                             885 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Times (London)

                           December 6, 2005, Tuesday

First-time buyers get help with 500,000 new homes

BYLINE: Jill Sherman and Jenny Davey

SECTION: HOME NEWS; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 633 words


John Prescott yesterday announced ambitious plans to build an extra 500,000
homes in the next decade in order to help first-time buyers.

The Deputy Prime Minister also proposed an overhaul of planning laws, including
a windfall tax for landowners and incentives for local councils to put more
brownfield sites up for development.

New measures to help first-time buyers were also detailed. Homebuyers would only
have to find 75 per cent of the property's asking price, with the Government and
mortgage lenders splitting the remainder equally between them.

Halifax, Britain's biggest mortgage lender, the Nationwide Building Society and
the Yorkshire Building Society have already signed up to the scheme, which
should be available from next October.

The scheme will be open to key workers, social tenants, those on the housing
register and other first-time buyers identified as priorities by regional
housing boards in England and Wales.

In the Government's response to the Barker report on housing, Mr Prescott
announced a new target of 50,000 extra homes a year till 2016 -a 33 per cent
increase on current levels.

Although less than the number proposed by Ms Barker, the plan was welcomed by
housebuilders and organisations representing the homeless. But Mr Prescott faces
intense opposition in the South and East of England, where the public is
resisting plans for new developments in densely populated areas.

Rural campaigners said that it would inevitably result in more greenfield sites
being developed. Mr Prescott also launched a number of pilot schemes to
encourage local councils to bring derelict sites back into use and to identify
disused hospital and military land.

Property developers and landowners complained about Gordon Brown's plans to levy
a windfall tax on the profits gained after selling land with planning permission
last night.

The move, which was disclosed in The Times last week, is expected to raise about
£ 500 million, which would be recouped by the Treasury. Most would be
redistributed back to councils, probably in proportion to land sales. The tax is
expected to be between 20 to 25 per cent of profits and would be invested
locally in infrastructure, such as new roads, hospitals and schools.

Critics claimed that the tax, which would be introduced after consultation in
2008, would stifle new development and hit farmers badly.

Stuart Robinson, the head of planning at CB Richard Ellis, said: "The whole
concept of the planning gain supplement is utter madness. The problem with the
housing market, as we were told by Kate Barker and the Chancellor, is that there
is insufficient supply and the prices are unaffordable. So why introduce a
measure that will act as a deterrent to developers and which will increase the
costs of production?"

Mike Harrison, a partner in the landed-estates group at accountants Saffery
Champness, said: "This land tax will be another nail in the coffin for farmers.

Poor profitability and the delay in single-farm payments until next spring has
put many farmers under severe cash-flow pressure this year, but diversification
has offered an alternative income stream."

Mr Brown also announced a new scheme to allow savers to invest in houses, office
blocks and shopping centres, by approving the introduction of new tax efficient
property investment vehicles. The new real estate investment trusts are intended
to boost investment in the private, rented residential and affordable housing
sectors, and to increase the quality and supply of commercial buildings for
businesses. The trusts will also offer savers a way to invest in property free
from the dangers associated with buy-to-let investments. Liz Peace, chief
executive of the British Property Federation, said: "We are extremely pleased
with the news, but the devil will be in the detail."

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2005 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             886 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 Sacramento Bee

                          September 1, 2004, Wednesday

Factory-built homes appear in California in record numbers

BYLINE: By Andrew LePage

LENGTH: 1313 words



With California home prices marching higher, a growing number of people are
dismissing past concerns about the structural integrity and design of
manufactured housing.

Shipments of factory-built residences to California home sites are on pace to be
the highest in 14 years -- demand that outstrips what state manufacturers can
satisfy, according to the California Manufactured Housing Institute.

Put on permanent foundations and on land owned by the home buyer, factory-built
homes can be 10 percent to 25 percent less expensive than constructing
comparable stick-built houses, experts say. From some consumer reactions,
neighbors may not even know the difference.

"Is this a real house?" asked many of the hundreds of looky-loos who traipsed
daily through two factory-built homes on display at the California State Fair.

"They think it's going to be the trailer that Grandma lived in," explains
Michelle Hammerbach of Sacramento's Karsten Homes, which is modeling a
1,500-square-foot manufactured house at the fair featuring alder cabinets, a
9-foot-high flat ceiling and Berber carpet.

The price: $ 95,827 with delivery and installation.

Sales of the homes -- built in sections on an assembly line and then trucked to
the home site -- totaled 5,055 through the first half of this year, up 24
percent from 2003.

The homes are coming not only from 11 factories in California -- including
Karsten in Sacramento and Silvercrest, Fleetwood and Skyline in Woodland -- but
also from plants in states such as Arizona and Oregon.

Shipments from out-of-state factories are on the rise because demand in those
states is weaker than here and California manufacturers can't keep up with the
state's demand. Most Golden State factories have four- to 12-week backlogs and
have been reluctant to expand their facilities because of the considerable
investment required and the cyclical nature of the business.

California factories are on pace to produce about 7,500 manufactured homes this
year, which would be up 8 percent from last year.

While impressive for the industry, that would represent less than 4 percent of
the 200,000-plus new housing units -- single-family and attached -- that the
state Building Industry Association predicts will be constructed this year.

Today, most higher-end factory-built homes are placed on private property rather
than in a mobile home park, where the homeowner leases the land. Of those put on
private land, most are in rural or semirural areas, often in foothill locations
such as Grass Valley.

Placing the homes on urban lots and in suburban subdivisions is less common, but
those uses are viewed by some in the industry as having huge growth potential.
State law ensures that manufactured homes can be used in residential
neighborhoods, though local governments can require them to blend in
architecturally with surrounding homes.

Locally, the Sacramento Housing and Redevelopment Agency staff has proposed
developing a subdivision of about 65 factory-built homes on seven acres the
agency owns in unincorporated Sacramento County.

The goal is to offer 20 to 40 percent of the houses at relatively affordable
prices for families earning up to 80 percent of the area median income. For
example, currently a family of four would have to earn $ 51,280 or less to
qualify.

Detached three- and four-bedroom homes, if installed today, would range from
about $ 156,000 to $ 270,000 at the site, according to a consultant's report
commissioned by SHRA. The median price of an existing home is $ 299,000 in
Sacramento County, while it's $ 400,000 for new homes.

In addition to buying the home and the land, the buyer of a new manufactured
home typically faces an additional $ 50,000 to $ 70,000 in expenses for such
things as a perimeter foundation, site preparation, utilities, a site-built
garage, driveway and, in rural areas, a well and septic tank. For particularly
steep sites, as well as those requiring specialized septic systems, the costs
can be much higher.

Still, the savings can amount to tens of thousands of dollars, compared with the
cost of site-built homes. The price of the latter has roughly doubled in the
Sacramento region over the past five years, while wages have grown significantly
less.

Although low mortgage rates and innovative financing have so far kept the market
humming, the California Association of Realtors estimates that the percentage of
households that can afford a median-priced home has declined to 26 percent from
41 percent over the past year.

The price of a factory-built home is kept down by a combination of factors --
for instance, the relatively low pay of the factory workers, who reportedly
average about $ 12 to $ 15 an hour with incentives. Many are hired without
previous experience and are trained in specific tasks.

In addition, the indoor assembly-line construction process ensures minimal
delays no matter what the season and the ordering of home-building materials en
masse helps keep costs relatively low.

Some manufactured housing dealers report that about one-third of all buyers are
paying cash, often because they've sold a house in a coastal market for far
more.

Despite the growing demand for prefabricated homes, the industry faces a host of
challenges. They include more restrictive and sometimes more costly consumer
financing compared with loans for site-built homes, difficulties meeting some
lenders' appraisal requirements, and the swelling cost and thin inventory of
available home sites.

Some would-be manufactured home buyers are overwhelmed by everything that goes
along with buying the house, such as finding a parcel they can afford, lining up
contractors and addressing potential issues such as the need for wells and
septic systems.

Typically the entire process -- from securing the land to having the home built
and installed -- takes from four to six months, said Neal Hocker, general
manager of the Kasco Homes dealership in West Sacramento.

"Some (sales) reps will tell you two to three months and it's just not
realistic," Hocker said.

Still, those in the manufactured housing industry are quick to note that
building a comparable site-built house could take two or three times longer.

Manufactured housing dealers say that with many buyers the time savings is
nearly as important as, or even more so than, the money they expect to save.

But for Gunnar Reiersen, a Rosemont resident who toured the two factory-built
homes on display at the State Fair one recent afternoon, the savings is key.

"Probably the price would be the most appealing thing," said Reiersen, 60. "And
the overall quality seemed pretty nice."

Government building officials, consumer groups and housing industry experts say
quality varies by manufacturer, but factory-built homes can rival stick-built
homes in structural quality.

The factory-built homes at the fair serve two purposes: Help generate sales for
the manufacturers and dealers involved, and expose thousands of people to a new
generation of factory-built homes. Fair officials pegged the 2003 fair
attendance at just over a million.

"If our industry is honest with itself, most people don't know diddly-squat
about our product yet," said Bob West, president of the California Manufactured
Housing Institute. "For a guy with a (dealership), it would take 10 years to get
100,000 people on his lot. At the fair he could do it in two weeks."

Sharon Wagner, a Los Angeles-area resident visiting the fair with three children
in tow, said she was surprised to find a manufactured home "this lovely inside."

"I don't think you can tell (it's factory-built), and for a lot of people it
would be affordable," she said.



-----

To see more of The Sacramento Bee, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.sacbee.com.


LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

KR-ACC-NO: SA-MANUFACTURED-HOUSING-20040901

JOURNAL-CODE: SA

               Copyright 2004 Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News
                         Copyright 2004 Sacramento Bee


                             887 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                             June 15, 1989 Thursday
                                  Late Edition

BANK TIPS CONTINUED STRONG ECONOMIC CONDITIONS FOR SA

BYLINE: COLIN McLACHLAN

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 607 words


The South Australian economy is set for a prosperous entry into the 1990s,
according to a report from the State Bank of South Australia.

The bank said the State's economy had shown marked growth in the March quarter,
with increased levels of employment, housing construction and manufacturing
activity, and economic conditions would remain strong until some time next year.

Meanwhile, the Centre for South Australian Economic Studies predicts that while
the Federal Government is trying to rein-in the economy, South Australia will
probably not slow as quickly as other States.

The centre's research manager, Mr Barry Burgan, said a slowdown was expected,
but South Australia's economy would remain buoyant into next year.

And the State's largest building society, the Co-operative Building Society,
reports that demand for commercial loans for investment is at record levels.

The State Bank's report said South Australia, which has the highest jobless
rates in the country, dramatically improved its employment level in the March
quarter.

On a seasonally adjusted basis, the number of employed grew 7,800, or 1.2 per
cent, over the previous corresponding quarter.

In the year to March, employment increased by 4.9 per cent. This compared with
3.8 per cent across Australia in the same period.

Despite concern over the long-term impact of high interest rates, the State's
economy had outperformed the national economy.

"The fact that newspaper employment advertisements remain near their
pre-Christmas highs, and the likelihood of continued levels of activity in both
the residential and non-residential building industries, suggest continued
employment growth over the remainder of 1988-89 and into 1989-90,"it said.

Stronger retail sales, higher residential building activity and sustained
non-residential building levels were other indicators of the robust state of the
economy.

Demand for new homes was holding up despite the high cost of finance, the bank
said.

However, both residential and non-residential building activity was likely to
slow by 1990 as interest rates took hold.

But the high cost of finance does not seem to have deterred commercial
borrowers.

Co-operative Building Society figures show Adelaide is experiencing unusually
high levels of commercial investment.

The Co-op has recorded more than $37 million in commercial loan approvals in the
past three months.

For the 1987-88 financial year, it recorded only $39 million in commercial loan
approvals.

The Co-op has approved more than $88 million in commercial loans in the past 11
months.

The building society's general manager, consumer and corporate finance, Mr
George Vosvotekas, said: "Levels of demand for commercial loans have never been
stronger, and even the dramatic increases in interest have failed to temper that
demand.

"Uncertainty surrounding interest rates has seen speculators and small investors
leave the market.

"However, this has been more than offset by demand for finance by the large
developers and professional investors who are in the market for the long haul."

The strong level of manufacturing activity in the State is also expected to be
maintained well into the next financial year.

The State Bank report said increased manufacturing activity reflected a high and
unsatisfied demand for new motor vehicles.

For example, General Motors Holden had a backlog of orders for the new Commodore
in March equal to almost four months' production.

A good year is also tipped for the State's rural and agricultural sector
following recent rains.

Apart from wool, rural commodity prices have maintained the rises seen through
1987-88 and are expected to remain firm through 1989.

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 1989 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             888 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (AsiaNet)

                             March 30, 2015 Monday

Land inequality inflicts poverty on small farmers

BYLINE: Salman Abduhu

SECTION: Vol. XXIX No. 29

LENGTH: 951  words


The land inequality in provinces of Pakistan is reflected in glaring income
inequality, as large landowner income is 31 times higher than the average
income.

The inequality has also imposed a state of chronic poverty for the landless,
tenants and even the small farmers.

The feudal-tribal order has ensured the continuation of patriarchy, which rules
with an iron hand in rural Pakistan.

Women have almost no freedom to make independent choices about socialization,
health care, childrens education and marriage, voting and voting choice, and
even cell phone use.

However, the level of conservatism varies with land size and pattern of tenure."

This was stated in a report issued by the Pakistan Institute of Labour Education
and Research (PILER).

The report "Profiles of Land Tenure System in Pakistan" has been authored by Dr
Kaiser Bengali, senior economist and Advisor to Chief Minister Balochistan.

The study, first in many years, attempts to document the land tenure patterns as
they currently exist in three provinces of Pakistan.

Covering 1,200 respondents (with equal representation of male and female), the
study records the disparity in incomes, food consumption, housing quality,
impact of floods, indebtedness, and treatment of women in different categories
of landowning and non-landowning classes.

The conclusions are intended to guide the political debate regarding land issues
towards more nuanced directions.

The analysis of land tenure patterns in the provinces of Pakistan shows
considerable variation.

Rural Sindh and Nasirabad Division of Balochistan are highly feudal, with 70-85%
of the rural labour force working as tenants on sharecropping basis on lands
belonging to large landlords.

By contrast, south Punjab has under- gone radical changes, with sharecropping
largely replaced by large- scale self-cultivation or leasing -a la corporate
farming, report says.

Irrespective of the difference in land tenure patterns, there are some
constants.

Asset (land) inequality is stark.

While a handful of large farmer families own thousands of acres of land,
thousands of small farmer families own less than 5 acres each and thousands of
tenants (in Sindh and Balochistan) farm plots of less than 5 acres each.

The inequality is indicated by the fact that, for 6 districts in 3 provinces,
88% of small farmers (holding less than 12.5% of land) own 49% of land and 1.5%
of large farmers (holding more than 150 acres of land) own 8% of land.

Land holding and control over land by large farmers is said to be actually
larger with many de jure small and medium landowners being de facto tenants.

"The centuries old sociopolitical structure of rural society in Sindh and
Balochistan has remained more or less unchanged.

The lack of employment and educational opportunities in secondary urban areas
and the substandard quality of civic services has failed to create the pull
effect for the rural population to break out of the feudal-tribal stranglehold."

According to report, the peasantry is locked in villages that are characterized
by derelict infrastructure, mud and straw housing, mud roads, unhygienic water
supply, garbage dumps and sewage pools (in the absence of waste disposal
facilities), and sub-standard educational and health facilities.

The 2010 floods had washed away most of the villages and villagers who returned
faced difficulty locating the site of their village and of their houses.

The situation presented opportunities to re-build planned villages on high
ground and with drainage to protect villages from future river and rain
flooding.

However, the feudal-tribal leadership opposed relocating the villages as they
would lose control over their workforce and their vote banks -and, most of all,
their debts.

The floods of 2010 affected large farmers and small farmers and tenants
differentially.

Generally large farmer houses are on higher ground and remained protected from
the ravages of the floods.

They also managed to move their livestock to higher ground.

Small farmer and tenant abodes were located on low-lying land and were submerged
and washed away along with their meager belongings.

They remain vulnerable to flood damage in future as well.

An indication of the differential losses is provided by the fact that large
farmer losses accounted for less than one-fifth of the annual income, compared
to 123% for the sample as a whole.

The debt situation throws interesting light on differential vulnerability, with
the debt to income ratio ranging from xx for large farmers to xx for the sample
as a whole.

Access to formal credit decreases with declining land size.

Large and medium farmers and lessees have access to formal sources of financing
for most of their credit needs and tenants have no access at all.

The money lender and the shopkeeper -in that order -are major sources of
financing for small farmers, while the landlord, shop- keeper and money lender
-in that order -are major sources of credit for tenants.

The purpose for which a loan is taken also reflects vulnerability.

All large farmers have obtained loans for productive purposes: agricultural
operations and purchase of land, livestock or supplies.

However, two-thirds of small farmers and over 80% of tenants have obtained a
loan for consumptive purposes: flood losses, medical expenses, etc.

Loans for consumptive purposes do not lead to creation of new assets and has to
be repaid from current income or from new loans.

That small farmers and tenants have to incur debt for meeting household expenses
is indicative to economic stress.

And that they have to incur debt for meeting police and court related costs is
indicative of involvement in criminal cases which they cannot manage through
connections a la the landed classes.

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 Nawai Waqt Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             889 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Birmingham Post

                              May 7, 2009 Thursday
                                  1ST Edition

Councils and eco groups rail at new homes target;
Office of National Statistics figures ridiculed at inquiry

BYLINE: PAUL DALE

SECTION: Pg. 15

LENGTH: 770 words


Government estimates for the number of new households likely to be formed in the
West Midlands over the next 17 years came under severe attack yesterday as
councils and environmental groups combined to oppose plans to build up to
440,000 new homes across the region.

Figures published by the Office for National Statistics, predicting a 20 per
cent increase in the number people looking to move into their own homes by 2026,
were openly ridiculed at a public inquiry into revisions to the Regional Spatial
Strategy..

The West Midlands Regional Assembly, representing 38 local authorities, said the
figure was "simplistic" and simply assumed that past levels of growth would
continue despite the impact of the worst economic recession in living memory.

If the highest level of new build being considered is finally approved, the
number of dwellings in the West Midlands will increase by a fifth.

That would be an 88 per cent increase on the figure approved by the government
and councils only five years ago and would involve building on the green belt.

Regional assembly housing spokeswoman Ada Wells said projected growth in
population assumed that the number of economic migrants from eastern Europe
arriving in the West Midlands would continue at a high level.

But this was unlikely given the weakness of the pound, which meant that EU
citizens would be able to earn more by being employed in their own countries.

The impact of the recession, which was likely to be felt more keenly in the West
Midlands than other UK regions, would drive down mortgage approvals and result
in far fewer households being formed than the government imagined, she added.

"The point I want to make is the total uncertainty associated with these
projections," Ms Wells said.

Council leaders said they fear they will be forced to release too much land for
house building, resulting in a rush by developers to "cherry pick" greenfield
sites.

In a written submission, the assembly said: "If the government is serious about
ensuring that everyone has the opportunity to live in a decent home which they
can afford, then a range of interventions are required including a substantial
injection of public resources into both brownfield land assembly and building
affordable houses, creating a sustainable mortgage market and addressing income
inequalities." The Campaign to Protect Rural England described household
projections as "wishful thinking", adding that no account had been taken by the
government of the collapse in the housing market.

Estimates for the number of new homes were defended by Jane Hinton, from the
Department for Communities and Local Government.

She told the inquiry that a rapidlyageing population and further increases in
life expectancy meant that just over half of all households in the region would
be headed by someone aged over 55 by 2026.

Such people were likely to remain in the homes they had lived in for years,
resulting in a severe shortage of vacant properties coming on the market.

It was "crucially important" that the region planned for an appropriate level of
housing growth, she added..

Planning inspector Alan Richardson, who is chairing a public inquiry into
revisions to the West Midlands Spatial Strategy, has no shortage of advice on
the appropriate number of new homes to be built by 2026.

Every participant has a view, and they are all different. At the top end are
representatives from construction. The House Builders' Federation thinks the
West Midlands requires 514,000 homes in order to meet demand. That would be
about twice the number councils are planning for.

Easily at the bottom end is the Campaign to Protect Rural England. The group
suggests 285,000, which it says could be adjusted as circumstances dictate.

The most important figure is the 445,600 proposed by consultants Nathaniel
Lichfield.

Their projection is being put forward by the Government Office for the West
Midlands as an alternative to the Regional Assembly's proposal for 365,500.

GOWM was told to produce an independent consultants report by Housing Minister
Baroness Andrews, who said she feared the region's councils were seriously
underestimating the new homes required.

The purpose of this inquiry is to test the validity of the housing figures,
which the region's councils suggest are being massaged by the government which
is intent on forcing through massive growth in new dwellings in order to address
what it says is a serious housing shortage. Mr Richardson will make a
recommendation to government after the seven-week inquiry but the final say will
be with ministers.

BACKGROUND:

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2009 Midland Independent Newspapers plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             890 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Daily Journal of Commerce (Portland, OR)

                           September 20, 2010 Monday

DJC Archives: Greyhound arrived near train station in 1985

BYLINE: Theresa McKinlay

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1415  words


This month we look back at events of September 1985, when Greyhound's new bus
terminal on Sixth Avenue was dedicated and BOLI's commissioner trumpeted a
ruling in a key court case.

Sept. 6, 1985

Home sales on the rise in metro area

Sales of Portland-area single-family homes and condominiums continued to rise
during August.

Residential real estate representatives say sales are being spurred by continued
low interest rates coupled with the depreciation of Portland's housing stock.

The 1,113 units sold in August was 1 percent more than during July and an
11-percent increase over August 1984, according to statistics released this week
by the Oregon Multiple Listing Service.

The active sales pace was accompanied by falling home prices. The average sales
price in August was 4 percent lower than the previous month and 6 percent lower
than during August 1984.

The average home sold in the Portland area during August cost $69,651 compared
with $72,580 in July.

Sept. 9, 1985

Fred Meyer store site draws ire of residents

Fred Meyer Inc. and nine northeast Portland neighborhood associations are locked
in combat over the siting of a proposed "superstore" in the middle of a
residential area.

The neighborhood group says the giant store has no place in their area, violates
the city's comprehensive plans and would clog streets with an increase in
traffic.

Fred Meyer, which has more than 25 stores in the Portland area, wants to build a
153,000-square-foot outlet on the Hyster Co. site at Northeast Halsey Street and
29th Avenue - a site enhanced by its proximity to the Banfield light-rail
project.

But to do so, Fred Meyer must first win a zoning variance from the city, and the
neighborhood groups are determined to stop that from happening.

Sept. 10, 1985

Agreement with IBM expected to give software firm a boost

Timberline Systems Inc. has signed a second distribution agreement with
International Business Machines, making Timberline the first company to have its
vertical-market software remarketed by IBM.

The agreement makes the Portland-based business software developer and marketer
IBM's sole construction software supplier to its network of about 2,400
authorized dealers. The pact follows an agreement signed in June that made
Timberline construction and architecture/engineer software programs available to
IBM stores and sales representatives.

Timberline considers the agreement a monumental endorsement because it marks the
first time IBM has remarketed such a software program that is written by another
company and sold under that company's name, said Larry Briggs, assistant to the
president at Timberline.

Sept. 11, 1985

Greyhound dedicates new bus terminal near train station

Greyhound Lines Inc. left the driving to Portland city officials Tuesday as
Commissioner Margaret Strachan snipped the red, white and blue ribbon to open
the company's new bus terminal at 550 N.W. Sixth Ave.

Commissioner Mildred Schwab looked on during ceremonies to dedicate the new
terminal, located next to the Union Railroad Station. The red brick bus terminal
is designed to harmonize with the brick and stucco finish of the train station.

The building already has won a citation from the American Institute of
Architects' Portland chapter for its distinctive design. The building features
two 15,000-square-foot areas that are free of columns thanks to the roof being
affixed by thick cables to eight paired steel pylons.

The architect for the project was Skidmore, Owings & Merrill. The Portland
Development Commission helped arrange purchase funding for the new site.

The building occupies two full blocks from Glisan to Irving between Fifth and
Sixth avenues.

The modern terminal, a stark contrast to Greyhound's former home at 509 S.W.
Taylor St., includes about 55,000 square feet of enclosed space.

Skidmore, Owings & Merrill also served as mechanical, electrical and interior
consultant. Robert Perron Associates was hired as landscape consultant.

Emerick Construction Co. was general contractor for the building. Markman Inc.
of Portland was mechanical subcontractor and Cherry City Electric of Salem was
electrical subcontractor.

Sept. 17, 1985

150 workers affected by hospital merger

As many as 150 employees at Holladay Park Hospital and Physicians & Surgeons
Hospital will have been laid off permanently by the time the two hospitals merge
Oct. 1.

In addition, 70 to 100 employees will be shifted from Physicians & Surgeons to
Holladay Park, Hans G. Wiik, administrator of the new hospital - to be called
Holladay Park Medical Center - told reporters at a Monday news conference.

Metropolitan Hospitals Inc., the parent company of six nonprofit Portland
hospitals including Holladay Park Medical Center, said the consolidation will
save money simply by improving efficiency.

Sept. 18, 1985

Port unveils plans for business parks

The Port of Portland made official Tuesday its plans to launch two separate
business parks in the Columbia Corridor, linking both projects into a single
package and starting its search for a developer to build the parks.

Dubbed the Columbia International Business Centers, the parks will include 45
acres near Portland International Airport and 24 acres in the North Rivergate
Industrial District.

The project, which could mean a $20 million investment by its developer, will be
marketed internationally as a Pacific Rim trade hub. The venture is the port's
first business park and is what the port calls the largest multiple-tenant
project in the Columbia Corridor.

The airport site is located east of Northeast 82nd Drive and north of the
Columbia Slough. The Rivergate site is located along North Marine Drive across
from Terminal 6.

The airport property has a proposed building area of 600,000 square feet; the
Rivergate property has 400,000 square feet. Both sites will need improvements
that will be financed by the developer.

Sept. 20, 1985

Discrimination case hailed as landmark

A Roseburg woman has won a $16,000 award from the city of Roseburg in what
Bureau of Labor and Industries Commissioner Mary Wendy Roberts hails as a
"landmark" sex discrimination case in Oregon.

The Oregon Court of Appeals ruled Wednesday that Debra Mobley, an administrative
supervisor of the city transit system, was entitled to back pay, interest and
retirement contributions because her job was substantially similar to jobs held
by three men in her department whose annual salaries were $6,000 to $8,000
higher.

"The court realized that there is a sex-based discriminatory system operating,"
Roberts said at a Thursday morning news conference in Portland. "Besides Deb, I
think there are important benefits to women in the state of Oregon. "

Roberts said the ruling may encourage more women - and perhaps men - to file sex
discrimination suits because the Mobley case introduced the term "substantially
similar work. " Mobley handled the same administrative tasks as her male
coworkers within the city's transportation department, but received pay more
similar to a groundskeeper.

"That substantially similar work standard is more strict than a comparable worth
standard," Roberts said.

Comparable worth standards require employers to allot points for skill,
responsibility, danger and other job factors.

Sept. 30, 1985

New mortgage guidelines require higher incomes

Lending institutions are tightening their mortgage loan guidelines to combat an
increasing number of loan defaults.

The stricter guidelines affect borrowers unable to pay at least 10 percent down
on a home. Those borrowers now must have a higher income to qualify for loans
than necessary previously.

The trend has occurred during the past six or seven months, Portland-area
lenders say. It follows similar restrictions imposed by secondary lenders,
including The Federal National Mortgage Agency, or Fannie Mae.

A Fannie Mae change requiring higher combined household income to buy a dwelling
with less than a 10 percent down payment becomes effective Tuesday (Oct. 1,
1985).

Guidelines now allow only 25 percent of a household's gross monthly income to be
used for housing payments on a mortgage loan with 5 percent down payment. The
former Fannie Mae regulations allowed 28 percent of gross income to be used for
housing.

"DJC Archives" is a collection of excerpts from past issues of the DJC that runs
the third Tuesday of each month. Article excerpts are reprinted exactly as they
appeared at the time of publication. Share your own memories of Portland's built
history by contacting Theresa McKinlay at djcspecialprojects@verizon.net

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             891 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        BBC Monitoring Central Asia Unit
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                           September 11, 2006 Monday

Kazakh leader pleased with western region economy

LENGTH: 613 words


Excerpt from report by Kazakh TV on 7 September

[Presenter] President Nursultan Nazarbayev's working visit to three regions of
the country is now over. The president visited several facilities in (western)
Aktobe Region today. [sentence inaudible]. In all, 16m tonnes of wheat will be
harvested and hundreds of factories will be opened in the country this year.

[Correspondent] The president started the second day of his working visit to
Aktobe Region by attending the opening ceremony of a new office of Otan
[pro-presidential] party's [regional] branch. [sentence inaudible]. Afterwards,
the president addressed the party members. He said that opening such offices in
every region of the country proves that the Otan party is not a mere public
association, but an influential political organization. Nazarbayev urged members
of the party to take an active part in future political campaigns.

[Nazarbayev, in Kazakh] Political parties in every civilized and democratic
country have a heavy workload. Political campaigns are coming up in our country.
The election to the Majlis [lower chamber] will be held in 2009, elections to
the Maslikhats [local representative bodies of power] will be held next year,
elections of heads of districts and rural communities are going to be held this
year as well. Members of the Otan party will have to win all of these elections.

[Correspondent] [sentence inaudible] Members of the Otan party must cherish the
integrity of various ethnicities in our country.

[Bakhytzhan Zhumagulov, acting chairman of the party, captioned] We must learn
from the experience of Japan, Singapore and Malaysia. There is stability and
economic development in these countries thanks to large and mature parties which
have been ruling the country for many years. We must turn the Otan party into
such a mature party.

[Correspondent] After this, the president stopped by a construction site of a
residential cottage settlement on the fringes of the city. The course of
implementation of the national housing programme in Aktobe Region is one of the
fast in the country. [break in reception] President visited one of these
cottages. [Video shows the president in a private house of a local family] The
Shyntasovs bought on mortgage their two-storey house with five rooms and a
garage. The price of the house is cheaper than in Almaty or Astana. One square
meters of the house costs 400 dollars. The president said more such houses will
be built in our country instead of multi-storey apartment blocks.

[Nazarbayev, in Kazakh] The owner of this house is a doctor, his wife is a
teacher. The income of this family allows them to get a mortgage for such house.
There are lots of people building houses themselves. In all, 200,000 people in
Kazakhstan are queuing up to build such houses.

[Correspondent] The president, having visited three regions and got acquainted
with the harvest and the pace of implementation of industrial and innovative
programme, assessed highly the economic and social development in these three
regions. The wheat production area is developing fast in North Kazakhstan
Region. Factories that meet international standards are being opened in Kostanay
and Aktobe regions. For example, 40 enterprises have been opened in Aktobe
Region alone last year, another 60 will be opened this year.

[Nazarbayev, in Kazakh] A 3bn-dollar plant is being built in [western] Atyrau
Region, a large plant with 4,500 new jobs was commissioned yesterday beside a
railway in the steppes of Aktobe, all of these construction sites around Aktobe.
There is no unemployment in Aktobe Region at all.

Source: Kazakh Television first channel, Astana, in Kazakh 1500 gmt 7 Sep 06

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2006 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             892 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                            October 2, 2007, Tuesday

Housing boom seen as possible for state

BYLINE: Peeks

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P1D

LENGTH: 538 words


Never mind the home mortgage crunch and the housing slowdown, consultant Ken
Auvil touts anew the prospect of a billion-dollar homebuilding industry in West
Virginia, coupled with "green" or energy-conserving and environmentally friendly
new homes.

Auvil, a former West Virginia legislator and builder for 45 years, issued an
updated brochure on homebuilding in the middle of the hot summer burning with
housing news.

A flurry of national reports came on the drop in the housing market. They told
of foreclosures blamed mainly on the collapse of the subprime mortgage market.

West Virginia, however, stands among states affected less by the collapse and
the impact of subprime mortgages. They are adjustable rate mortgages, which cost
borrowers more when market interest rates rise. An increase hurts working-class
mortgage holders.

Auvil indicates that there's a better way, including do-it-yourself housing,
which he has advocated through the years. It also means "sweat equity" whereby
one can save on building a new home by doing some of the work oneself. Painting,
for instance, might save $1,000 or more.

"According to the 2000 U.S. Census, over 100,000 West Virginians are living in
obsolete trailers, dilapidated shacks and depreciation-prone homes," Auvil says.
"The report basically says West Virginia is leading the nation in shacks and
rural sprawl."

Yet at the same time, Census data puts West Virginia's rate of homeownership
above the national average of 67 percent. In other words, poor housing blotches
the state and yet it abounds with sites for a rebuilding jubilee.

Auvil sees need for public and private efforts to make mortgage money available
for owners to replace shacks and dilapidated housing. Replacements and other new
housing generate jobs, business and taxes for city, county and state.

The construction of 1,000 single-family homes generates 2,448 jobs in
construction and related industries, $79.4 million in wages and more than $42.5
million in federal, state and local tax revenues, according to the National
Association of Home Builders.

From such sources and his own, Auvil's vision grows for a $1 billion
homebuilding industry in the Mountain State.

Apparently, the West Virginia delegation in Congress shares the goal. They
joined other House members in voting for the Extending American Homeownership
Act of 2007.

It calls for lower or no down payment on government-backed loans for borrowers
who can afford mortgage payments but lack cash for upfront payments. It extends
the maximum life of a loan to 40 years from 35. It also doubles the loan cap up
to $829,750.

The bill awaits Senate approval. It's designed to broaden the authority of the
Federal Housing Administration, which was created during the Great Depression.

The update serves "green" building advocates. Projects by Auvil and his crew
include schools and other public buildings in West Virginia and surrounding
states, all built with green design to use a minimum of energy for cooling in
summer and for warming in winter.

Auvil keeps an office at the WV Homes Team & Builders Network, Belington, WV
26250-0846; e-mail: wastenotwantnot@ meet.net, or he can be reached at (304)
823-2533.

Peeks is former business/labor editor of the Gazette.

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Charleston Newspapers


                             893 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                  March 21, 1997, Friday, 2 Late Tampa Edition

Council gives cool reception to mayor's downtown plan

BYLINE: RICHARD DANIELSON

SECTION: TAMPA & STATE; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 450 words

DATELINE: TAMPA



Charlie Miranda says he would like to see the northern end of downtown Tampa
come back to life as much as the next guy, but not at taxpayer expense.

With that in mind, Miranda and several City Council members gave a  skeptical
reception Thursday to Mayor Dick Greco's proposed use of federal  funds to help
finance the redevelopment of the Kress block on N Franklin  Street and the
construction of a parking garage.

The problem is that if the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development
ever foreclosed on the $ 10.5-million loan, the city would have to repay it
using federal community development grants.

The city gets about $ 5-million a year in community development funds and  uses
the grants for sidewalks, park improvements, economic development and a  variety
of projects.

"We are truly putting at risk some of our (Community Development Block  Grant)
dollars," council member Bob Buckhorn said. "If these things go  belly-up, we
run the risk of a lot of good projects out there taking a hit."

The Kress block sits across Florida Avenue from the new federal courthouse  and
is now home to three historic but mostly vacant stores - the 68-year-old  Kress,
which is on the National Register of Historic Places, as well as the  Woolworth
and the Newberry buildings.

As proposed, the Doran Jason Group of Tampa would renovate all three  buildings
into up to 70 apartment lofts, plus office space, stores,  restaurants or bars,
or a health club.

The city would use $ 4.5-million of the HUD loan to secure a second mortgage
for the project, which would encompass 147,900 square feet. The Doran Jason
group would get a $ 2.873-million conventional loan for the rest of the
project.

City officials also hope to use up to $ 6.47-million from the federal loan  to
help the Doran Jason Group build a parking garage with up to 1,500 spaces.

The key question is how much of their own money will developers be willing  to
put at risk.

City director of business and community services Fernando Noriega said
developers have discussed having $ 3.5-million in equity in the Kress project,
but he conceded that no formal development agreement will be negotiated until
after the city applies for the HUD loan.

Miranda and council member Rudy Fernandez said they will need evidence that
developers stand to lose their own money before they can sign off on the
project.

"If it's not there, then I can't look at it favorably," Miranda said. "I  don't
want to stop development, but on the other hand, I don't want to put the
citizens of the city of Tampa at risk even for one cent."

A second public hearing is scheduled for 10 a.m. March 27.

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: TAMPA & STATE

                    Copyright 1997 Times Publishing Company


                             894 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                       May 28, 2001 Monday, Home Edition

Heralded project may yet get rolling

BYLINE: MELISSA TURNER

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: News; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1637 words


The 15 acres of grass and weeds are nearly waist-high now. The billboard with
the artist's rendering of a Buckhead-quality mixed-used development has faded.
Trash has accumulated inside the 6-foot-high, padlocked chain-link fence.

This is the dubious site of the $139 million Historic Westside Village, the
highly touted model for "New Urbanism" in the inner city.

Originally conceived a quarter-century ago and unveiled in its most recent
incarnation in the late 1990s, the ambitious project at Martin Luther King Jr.
Drive and Ashby Street was supposed to launch the revitalization of a blighted
area that was once an African-American commercial hub.

The undertaking would include a Publix supermarket, housing, offices, movie
theaters and as many as 1,500 jobs. Buildings were demolished and bulldozers
cleared the property two years ago. A job fair was held in December 1999. Little
has happened since, although city officials say they're within weeks of revving
up the project again.

"Historic Westside Village is a model of how complicated and difficult intown
mixed-use developments can be," says Kevin Hanna, president of the Atlanta
Development Authority, the project's master developer. "Especially when the
developments are in African-American neighbohoods which have suffered
disinvestment for the better part of 30 years."

The project --- a cornerstone of the ADA's vision for redeveloping the inner
city --- is a partnership of the authority, Harold A. Dawson Co. and the
Integral Group.

Like many big public works efforts in poor neighborhoods, it will be financed by
a combination of conventional loans, private equity, bonds and federal loans and
grants. But while the financial framework has been in place since at least 1999,
the money has hardly flowed freely.

Hanna says, "This is really par for the course."

The course has had pitfalls at every turn, from federal funding snarls to
cautious banks and skeptical retailers. The result: The development is nearly
two years behind schedule. The supermarket, townhouses and an office building
were to open at the end of last year. Construction was to be well under way now
on a hotel and movie theaters.

But workers have yet to pour cement for the first phase. Developers are just now
negotiating a construction loan. Only Publix has signed a lease, albeit with
strings attached, while Pizza Hut, a video store and one other retailer have
offered letters of intent. Preleasing on the apartments or offices has not
begun.

"The community is feeling discourged and rejected again," says Byron Amos, head
of the area's Neighborhood Planning Unit L and chairman of the influential Vine
City Civic Association.

There are some signs of progress.

A shiny metal flagpole has been installed in fresh cement in front of one
billboard of historic photos depicting a bustling neighborhood in a bygone era.
A ceremonial groundbreaking and another job fair are set for June.

Most importantly, the developers earlier this month jumped a hurdle that could
have broken the back of the entire project.

The ADA board of directors took the unprecedented step of agreeing to provide a
guaranty for a $4 million construction loan to get the project rolling. The loan
will be repaid by tenant leases. Publix, for example, is expected to pay
$344,644 in rent plus a percentage of sales each year on its 20-year lease.

"As a board we have to really show we believe in what we are doing," says Barney
Sims, an ADA board member and civic activist on the Southside. "The quicker we
can bring Publix out of the ground and make this a reality, the quicker the rest
of the project will come together."

With the ADA backing the project, the bank apparently agrees. "We are confident
that the major hurdles have been cleared, and we anticipate that retail and
office tenant signing, as well as residential development, will now proceed at a
faster pace," says Gwendolyn P. Adams, a First Union senior vice president.

The slow pace --- at least until now --- can be tied directly to the location, a
once-vibrant black neighborhood near the Atlanta University Center and the
Georgia Dome that has fallen on hard times. Within a mile radius of Historic
Westside Village, half the residents live in households with annual incomes of
less than $15,000.

Yet, winning the support of the community, not wooing national retailers, was
the biggest hurdle developers had to cross, they say.

"The key breakpoint to advance this project was to have a community-driven
component to it," says Michael Dobbins, the city planning commissioner. "Once
you do that, however, it does make it harder and it takes more time."

In earlier efforts, outsiders plotted suburban-style shopping centers without
regard for what residents wanted. When the ADA took on the project, community
leaders were brought to the table. They asked for a major grocery, affordable
housing, spots for locally owned shops and restaurants in the center, upscale
aesthetics and jobs for neighborhood residents.

Most of the wish list was met in the planning stages. But to many in the
community the project appears to be at a standstill.

Skepticism is replacing hope. "This sits in a zone in which every economic
initiative the city can offer to developers is available, and for some reason it
is not happening," says Amos.

A look at the Publix deal reveals some of the reasons why.

Negotiations with the Lakeland, Fla.-based grocer took more than a year.
Conflicts over parking spaces and minority hiring requirements were eventually
resolved. But the cautious chain demanded ADA provide contractural assurances
the rest of the project would be completed within a reasonable time frame, or
Publix could change the terms of the deal.

"Publix's concern was they wouldn't be an island unto themselves," Hanna says.

Those assurances were given in December. But without an airtight lease from the
anchor tenant, First Union National Bank demanded its own contractural guaranty
from the ADA board that it would build out the center.

"The supermarket wanted assurances they probably wouldn't require in other areas
of the city, and as a result the bank needed more assurance than it would
typically require in other national supermarket chain-anchored developments,"
Hanna says.

"Woven through all of that are the requirements that come part and parcel with
federal, state and local funds. And overhanging all of that are the community's
needs, which often are diametrically opposed to any one of those."

The requirements for federal funding almost tripped up the project, as well.
Some $6.8 million in funds from U.S. Housing and Urban Development were used to
acquire the property. And $9.2 million in Atlanta Empowerment Zone funding was
to go for demolition and site clearing.

Meanwhile, ADA borrowed $3.3 million from First Union in a bridge loan. That
loan was to be repaid with the Empowerment Zone funds next month.

However, the development authority didn't follow federal procurement guidelines
when it hired Thrasher Trucking to handle excavating work last year, failing to
advertise the contract properly. Hanna says it was an oversight.

Because of that irregularity, the state Department of Community Affairs, which
oversees Empowerment Zone funding, wouldn't sign off on the grant.

With the First Union loan due in June, Hanna had to scramble. He would create a
separate for-profit company, Inner City Development Corp., to build the project
and receive the federal money as a loan.

After a review, the state attorney general last week ruled that the manuever was
legal because for-profit entities getting loans don't have to follow the same
federal procurement standards.

State and city redevelopment officials remain high on the project. Dobbins says
the village, even only in its blueprint stage, has been a catalyst for
revitalization.

Since Westside was announced, the Atlanta Housing Authority has redeveloped a
public housing project into the Magnolia Park mixed-income community across the
street. A short walk up Ashby Street, a new 45-home subdvision, Savannah at
Washington Park, is under construction.

And the ADA and Clark Atlanta University broke ground in March for Heritage
Commons, a $21 million residential complex across MLK from the village. All
these new residents and the thousands of students at the Atlanta University
Center are expected to provide business to Publix and the additional shops and
restaurants.

"We've got the people to support it," says Drewnell Thomas, head of Neighborhood
Planning Unit K across Ashby Street. She has lived in the neighborhood for 30
years and was involved in the early planning. "But now I get discouraged when I
see other developments going on all over town and I don't see anything happening
at Historic Westside Village. We've got to put aside some of the barriers and
move forward."

"Anytime you are mixing public and private dollars, especially public dollars
that have the various strings attached that they tend to have, it is pretty
difficult to marry it all together in a conventional timeline," says Integral
Group's Egbert Perry, who developed the Centennial Place mixed-income apartment
complex that replaced the Techwood Homes/Clark Howell public housing community.

That project has been six years in the making; groundbreaking on its
Kroger-anchored retail center only happened this month.

Perry expects a similar timeframe on Historic Westside Village.

"When you build a project in the city you are constantly in discovery with
respect to market factors and the conditions of the site and availability of the
necessary funds to abate some of the problems," Perry says. "Rest assured this
project will take seven to 10 years."

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Map:
HISTORIC WESTSIDE VILLAGE
15-acre mixed-use development is expected to revitalize Vine City.
Map pinpointing the location of Historic Westside Village on Martin Luther King
Jr. Dr. with an inset map of metro Atlanta. / Staff

                    Copyright 2001 The Atlanta Constitution


                             895 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  The State Journal-Register (Springfield, IL)

                            February 11, 2001 Sunday

SHA banking on $35 million investment  ;
 Officials hope neighborhood sparks revitalization

BYLINE: JOHN REYNOLDS STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 388 words


When the John Hay Homes were built a little over 60 years ago, the final cost of
the cramped, barracks-style apartment complex was $2.7 million.

Since then, the cost of affordable housing has gone up. The estimated cost of
the Madison Park Place Development, for example, is $35 million.

Officials at the Springfield Housing Authority say that figure includes more
than just the infrastructure at the 33-acre site and the cost of building the
150 rental units and 44 lease-to-own homes. Madison Park Place, according to
officials, is envisioned as the spark that ignites a flurry of revitalization
throughout the east side neighborhoods.

Jacqueline Richie, project manager for the SHA, said construction of the rental
units cost about $17.8 million. The lease-to-own homes came to about $6.9
million.

The figures include infrastructure costs such as roads, streetlights and sewer
lines.

The other $10 million was spent on architectural, engineering and legal fees.

Funding for the project came from a variety of sources:

* $12.2 million from the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development's Hope
6 program. The Hope 6 project created a pool of federal money for local housing
authorities to reconfigure troubled apartment complexes. Madison Park Place
apparently is the first Hope 6 project to be completed in Illinois.

* $12.2 million from LR Development, a private company that was brought in to
develop and manage the rental units.

* $7 million from other funds, such as Illinois Housing Development Authority
loans, federal loans and local funds.

* About $3.2 million is expected to be raised from the eventual sale of the 44
homes.

Even though Madison Park Place has replaced the John Hay Homes, the old housing
project will not be completely forgotten.

Bill Logan, executive director of the Springfield Housing Authority, said the
original, 60-year-old dedication plaque from the Hay Homes will be installed at
Madison Park Place's park.

After all, even though the last years of the old development were less than
ideal, the homes were a part of Springfield's history, and thousands of good,
solid people  - including police officers and at least one mayor - came through
the Hay Homes, Logan said.

"The John Hay Homes meant a lot to a many families in Springfield," Logan said.
"We don't want people to forget that."

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: LOCAL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2001 The State Journal-Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                             896 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 The Mountaineer (Waynesville, North Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             August 19, 2016 Friday

County loses out on bid for low-income apartment project

BYLINE: Vicki Hyatt, The Mountaineer, Waynesville, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1169 words


Aug. 19--Haywood County learned this week a proposal that would have allowed the
original county hospital to be turned into low-income housing wasn't among those
receiving coveted tax credits, something necessary for the project to go
forward.

The county and town had been working with Landmark Developers, a Winston-Salem
company that specialized in restoring historic buildings through the use of tax
credits, to submit the redevelopment plan that would have created 54 one- and
two-bedroom units that could be used as affordable housing.

Landmark assumed the $8,000 cost of putting the county building that houses the
central administrative offices for Haywood County Schools, on the National
Register of Historic Places.

In the first round of competition for the tax credit dollars, the Haywood
project received a perfect score. But by the time the August were announced
Landmark's application on behalf of Haywood was not among those receiving the
credits.

The 2016 housing credit awards were given to 46 projects in 36 counties to
create 3, 243 units, according to a news release from the county. Awards were
also made to 13 tax exempt bond projects totaling 2, 163 units.

"This is certainly a disappointment to the county," said Commission Chairman
Mark Swanger. ""We believed we had the best chance to receive an award with the
new criteria for 2016. We will be looking at our options for the building, but
for now we don't have any immediate plans. The county will continue to make
affordable housing a priority."

As part of the tax-credit application process, the county agreed to sell the
building to Landmark for $200,000 and to loan Landmark $450,000 at 0 percent
interest over the next 30 years to finance the project.

Without receiving the tax credits, however, the plan cannot move forward.

In 2010, the county was poised to sell the building for $1.27 million, again to
be used for low-income apartments, but the project never materialized when tax
credits for both historic preservation and low-income tax credits.

Before the Landmark agreement, the county was unsuccessful in finding a buyer
for the building, despite a fleeting interest in the site as a regional mental
health administrative services building and a 2013 study in partnership with the
town of Waynesville and the UNC-Chapel Hill School of Government to identify
financial incentives and potential investors.

Early on in the application process, Swanger said the project had been
previously unsuccessful because of the way the rules were structured requiring
housing projects to be within a half-mile of medical facilities, grocery stores
or pharmacies. That put rural areas at a disadvantage, and the 2016 process
eased that portion of the application requirements.

Patsy Davis, executive director of Mountain Projects, said she has closely
observed the tax credit award process for more than 15 years.

"It has become more and more obvious as other counties in North Carolina
struggle with affordable housing, the awards for tax credits are harder to
obtain, especially for Western North Carolina. I am greatly disappointed that
this project was not funded. Our community is in desperate need of more
affordable rentals. I felt that after two other times of submitting this
project, the third time would be a winner."

Davis said she has already started reviewing the qualified allocation plan for
next year in hopes that if this project is not resubmitted, there will be
another potential project for Haywood.

"We haven't received an allocation since Smokey Meadows was funded following the
floods of 2004," she said. "I have a lot of hope that our newly formed Housing
Task Force will be successful in finding some local solutions since tax credit
awards seem like a long shot."

The county successfully lobbied to have the rules changed in a way that rural
communities would not be penalized.

I have a lot of hope that our newly formed Housing Task Force will be successful
in finding some local solutions since Tax Credit awards seem like a long shot.

Waynesville partnered in the application process.

"On behalf of the town, I thank the county and Landmark Developers for their
tireless efforts," said Mayor Gavin Brown. "I remain optimistic and see a
continuing opportunity, not a failure."

The original portion of the building on North Main Street in Waynesville was
constructed in 1927 and housed the first public hospital in the state of North
Carolina. It is still in used by the school system.

There were two additions as the hospital grew, but space constraints led to a
new facility being built in Clyde, which opened in 1977. The hospital additions
were eventually converted into county office space, where were used by the
social services department until 2012.

County Manager Ira Dove said the application to place the historic hospital on
the National Register of Historic Places, which was one of the key points in the
Landmark application process, has not gone through as of now.

Other than staff time, Dove said the county had no costs wrapped up in the
applications. The costs for maintenance and utilities, however, are a different
matter. The county has estimated it will cost at $328,000 to maintain the
building between for 2016-18.

"We are exploring options as to the future of the building," he said.

Short-term respite

Haywood County School Superintendent Anne Garrett said the news in, in part, a
relief for the school system because it means there is no immediate need to
move.

"We never knew when we would need to pack up because of the timeline," she said.
"Now we have longer to make a plan."

There are building issues which should be addressed, she said, and now that
there is no sale in the near future, the board will ask the maintenance
department to look into the most pressing repairs.

"We've got four years left on our lease," explained Francis, "so now we can
spend a small amount on maintenance."

There are structural issues with the building, however, that dictate that
remaining in the 1927 building may not be the best choice in the long-term.

County Tax Administrator David Francis, who worked extensively with Landmark on
the tax-credit issue, said an engineering report showed the newer section of the
building, which is tied to the historic structure, is leaning. Demolishing the
newer hospital additions, which have been vacant for nearly five years, would
destabilize the school administrative offices.

Garrett confirmed that a tilting staircase to the upper floors led to extensive
repairs years ago.

The office quarters are suitable for the school administrative functions, said
Associate Superintendent Bill Nolte, especially after enrollment losses and
budget cuts that have led to a reduced staff.

"We have more space here than we need, really," said Nolte. "Five years ago when
we were looking at space, we would have needed something larger."

___ (c)2016 The Mountaineer (Waynesville, N.C.) Visit The Mountaineer
(Waynesville, N.C.) at themountaineer.villagesoup.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20160819-NC-County-loses-out-on-bid-for-low-income-apartment-project-0819-201608
19

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NC


                         Copyright 2016 The Mountaineer


                             897 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                           January 22, 2015 Thursday

SHF Loan

LENGTH: 574  words


Region : South Asia


Sector : O-EA - Primary Mortgage Institutions
Department : Global Industry, Financial Markets
Environmental category : FI2
Status : Pend FAP
Date SPI disclosed : January 21, 2015
Projected board date : March 2, 2015
Last Updated Date : January 21, 2015
Project Description :




The proposed project involves an investment of up to INR 2,400 million (US$40
million equivalent) in Sundaram BNP Paribas Home Finance ( SHF  or the Company)
through subscription of its senior secured Non-Convertible Debentures. SHF plans
to expand to the low income states of Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh, Orissa and West
Bengal, and further deepening its rural presence and increasing penetration in
the affordable housing segment. IFC  s proposed investment will support the
Company to increase penetration in financing affordable housing in existing
states of operation as well as the low income states that are being targeted for
expansion.
The proposed investment is consistent with the World Bank Group  s India Country
Promotion Strategy (CPS) as it aligns with the engagement areas of (i) Inclusion


by improving access to affordable housing finance and enhancing investment in
the low income states (ii) Transformation

through job creation by supporting the labor intensive affordable housing
segment and (iii) Integration

giving increased access to financial services in Tier II and Tier III cities.
Project Sponsor and Major Shareholders of Project Company :


SHF was initially promoted by Sundaram Finance Limited (65% stake) with equity
participation from IFC (20% stake) and FMO (15% stake). Since 2007, following
the exit of IFC and FMO, SHF is a joint venture between Sundaram Finance Limited
(50.1% stake) and BNP Paribas Personal Finance (49.9% stake), formerly Union de
Credit pour le Batiment, a wholly-owned subsidiary of BNP Paribas France.
Sundaram Finance Limited, incorporated in 1954, is one of India  s largest NBFCs
with a nation-wide presence with 579 branches, over 2 lakh depositors and nearly
100,000 commercial vehicle and car finance customers. The activities of the
Sundaram Finance Group currently span commercial vehicle finance, car finance,
insurance, asset management, home loans, equipment finance, fleet card, infotech
solutions, business process outsourcing, tyre finance and logistics services.
The promoters of SF belong to the reputed TVS group, the largest automotive
component group in India since 1911.
BNP Paribas Personal Finance ( BNPP ) is the retail banking arm of the BNP
Paribas Group. One of the leading banks in Europe, BNPP provides home loans and
consumer credit in the form of personal loans, purchase-specific loans or
revolving credit.

Total Project Cost and Amount and Nature of IFC's Investment :


The proposed project involves subscription of SHF  s non-convertible debentures
via senior secured route to the amount of INR 2,400 million (US$40 million
equivalent).
Location of Project and Description of Site
Project completion date : 2016-12-31 12:00:00
Major organization : SUNDARAM BNP PARIBAS HOME FINANCE LIMITED

Address : Sundaram Towers,


5th floor, 46, Whites Road,


Chennai 600 014

Country :India
Email : gs@sundarambnpphome.in

Financier : International Finance Corporation (IFC),

Financier address : International Finance Corporation (IFC)
2121 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW
Washington, DC 20433


United States
Website : http://www1.ifc.org
Tel : (202) 473-3800
Fax : (202) 974-4384

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2015 Tenders Info
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             898 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Carlow People (Ireland)

                                January 10, 2012

Town Manager outlines Council budget for 2012

SECTION:

LENGTH: 730 words


'Housing   Provision of EUR911,272 is included for the Housing Maintenance
Programme. In addition to normal maintenance, provision is also included for pre
letting repairs, the completion of the soffit and facia replacement programme,
insulation, mechanical ventilation, smoke alarms and the Self Help Scheme.

'An amount of EUR270,000 is provided to meet the 20 per cent local funding
requirement for Disability, Mobility and Aid for the Elderly grants. This
provision will provide a EUR1,350,000 programme of works subject to 80 per cent
matching funding from Central Government.

' This figure is down on the 2011 allocation but will facilitate work at over
200 units throughout the county.

'Provision is also made for Housing Loan charges, voluntary housing loans
charges and RAS/

All together total provision for housing is EUR9.03 million.

'Roads   EUR4.535 million was included in the 2011 budget in respect of Roads
Grants. The actual allocation received in 2011 was EUR4.83 million. EUR4.225
million is included in the 2012 budget to reflect the anticipated funding
available.

'In terms of the general maintenance of local roads the council's internal
funding is reduced by EUR900,000 to EUR786,000. A comprehensive programme of
works will be brought to council early in 2012 when the actually road grants
notification is received. Total provision EUR7.69 million.

'Public water production and waste water treatment   Costs include the operation
and maintenance of water and waste water infrastructure, compliance with
drinking water directives/water quality monitoring and the waste water licensing
requirements stipulated by the Environmental Protection Agency. Total provision
EUR7.69 million

'Physical planning and community promotion   continued support for planning
services, economic development and community initiatives. Total provision of
EUR2.46 million

'Environmental Protection, Waste Disposal, Recycling, Litter Control, Emergency
Services and Pollution Control   expenditure in this area relates primarily to
waste management/recycling emergency services and pollution control. The
continues operation of Powerstown Landfill Site has been facilitated by ongoing
rationalisation and cost saving measures with a reduction in operation costs
from EUR1,312,000 in 2007 to EUR595,000 in 20111. Efforts to secure additional
waste for disposal at the Powerstown site have been ongoing during 2011 in both
the private and public sector waste market.

' The continued operation of the facility will be reviewed on an ongoing basis
within the context of the national waste market and overall financial viability.
Total provision of EUR5.84 million

'Recreation and Amenity   The operating subvention towards Visual and the George
Bernard Shaw Theatre has been reduced from EUR250,000 to EUR235,000. Provision
has been made for the upkeep of Oak Park and Duckett's Grove and the maintenance
of parks/open spaces throughout the county.

' The available funding for Oak Park/ Duckett's Grove is reduced from the 2011
figure. The impact on operated will be minimal; however, new development at
either location will not be possible. Provision is also included for the library
services in Carlow, Tullow, Bagenalstown and new library provision at Borris. An
amount of EUR400,000 is currently being spent on refurbishment of Bagenalstown
Library. EUR70,000 has been included for the library book fund. A sum of
EUR40,000 for matching funding for projects under the Rural Development
programme has also been included in the draft budget. Total provision of EUR2.45
million.

Agriculture, Education and Health   Provision is made for Food Safety and Higher
Education Grants. Payments of pension awards for IOT staff were transferred to
the Office of the Paymaster General in 2011 and it is anticipated that the VEC
pensions will be transferred in 2012. Both VEC and the IOT pension payments are
contra items. Total provision of EUR7.85 million

'Miscellaneous Services   includes council plant, local elections, agency
services and member's expenses. Total provision of EUR3.89 million

'Central Management   includes office accommodation, energy, financial
management, human resources, health and safety and information technology.
Provision is included for internal audit and the audit committee. Total
provision of EUR5.5 million which is apportioned over the previous programmes.'

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2012 Independent News and Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             899 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Business Mirror (Philippines)

                            November 24, 2014 Monday

Biggest agri trading center to open in Benguet

BYLINE: Marvyn N. Benaning

LENGTH: 411  words


THE country's biggest agricultural trading center is set to open in La Trinidad,
Benguet, in the first quarter of 2015, the Department of Agriculture (DA) said
on Monday.

Built at a cost of P655 million, the DA said in a statement that the Benguet
AgriPinoy Trading Complex (BAPTC) is a model of valuechain approach for the
agribusiness sector in the Philippines."

The complex will showcase a holistic approach in stimulating growth in the
sector through valuechain analysisthat is, we do not stop at production, but we
assist farmers in processing, valueadding and marketing,"Alcala said.

Situated on a 4hectare land owned by the Benguet State University (BSU), BAPTC
has three buildings housing trading spaces and processing facilities for
highland vegetables such as carrots, lettuce and broccoli.

It also has dry and cold storage facilities and a dormitory for farmers and
traders who come from other provinces.

Alcala said he visited the project site on Friday to see the progress of the
work and met with the project steering committee to firm up the details of the
management contract for the facility.

Comprised of representatives from the municipal and provincial government, DA,
BSU and farmers' organizations, the committee provides policy directions for the
BAPTC.

The committee replaced the project consortium following the abolition of the
National Agribusiness Corp. in March.

Alcala said he assured the committee members that the complex will be
administered by professional managers who will be guided by the operations
manual being crafted by the Development Academy of the Philippines.

The center needs good management to efficiently handle the both the prospects
and challenges of the project to maximize its potential as catalyst of improving
the lives of vegetable farmers in the Cordilleras, and as a prototype for
replication in other agribusiness hubs in the country," he said. To ensure the
success and sustainable operations of the complex, Alcala proposed the inclusion
of the project in the DAimplemented Philippine Rural Development Project (PRDP).

PRDP is a World Bankassisted initiative that includes a loan and grantfinancing
package for rural infrastructure, as well as small business and livelihood
projects for farmers and fishermen in the Philippines.

Alcala said the DA will also help in the redevelopment of La Trinidad's old
trading post for other agricultural purposes, like the cutflower business, which
is a lucrative industry in Benguet.

LOAD-DATE: November 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 Business Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                             900 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       BBC Monitoring Trans Caucasus Unit
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                           December 16, 2014 Tuesday

Programme summary of Iranian radio news 1030 gmt 16 Dec 14

LENGTH: 390 words


A. Headlines.

B. Main news:

1. 1032 A ceremony has been held to award the country's best researchers. The
ceremony was attended by Iranian Vice-President Sattari.

2. 1034 Iranian Vice-President Eshaq Jahangiri has welcomed Syrian Prime
Minister Wa'il Al-Halqi in Tehran. At a meeting, the two sides praised bilateral
relations and Iran's support for Syria.

3. 1037 Iraqi Speaker Salim al-Juburi has arrived in Tehran.

4. 1037 The government spokesman, Nowbakht, has said that Iran can manage its
economy using domestic resources despite the fall in oil prices. He described
the fall in oil prices as politically-motivated.

5. 1038 Iran's Minister of Energy Hamid Chitchian has called on the private
sector to work more actively in the sphere of power generation.

6. 1041 Six members of Taleban have taken 500 pupils and teachers hostage in
Peshawar, Pakistan. The Pakistani police have surrounded the area.

7. 1041 Protests in America are continuing. The protesters are demanding that
the authorities guarantee the rights of black Americans.

8. 1042 Iran's judiciary head Amoli-Larijani has spoken about the role of
morality in the judiciary at a meeting with students and university professors.

9. 1043 Iranian Defence Minister Hoseyn Dehqan has unveiled two military
achievements. The achievements include production of military prepreg and an
outdoor site measuring radar cross section.

10. 1044 The commander of the Islamic Revolution Guards Corps, Ja'fari, has
praised the activities of the Guards Corps in the economic sphere.

11. 1044 The head of the Central Bank of Iran has said the rates of banking
loans will systematized in the near future.

12. 1045 The payment of rural housing loans has begun at the Saderat Bank.

13. 1046 The head of the organization of Iranian property developers, Rahbar,
has said that the organization has submitted its proposals on overcoming the
recession on the housing market to the government.

14. 1047 Iran's Deputy Health Minister Agajani has said that employees of the
emergency service have been paid commission for the first time.

15. 1049 A report about the funeral of an actor.

16. 1049 Mohammad Fesanatfar has been appointed head of the Exchange and
Securities Organization.

C. 1049 Weather.

D. 1051 Sports.

1055 End of programme.

Source: Voice of the Islamic Republic of Iran, Tehran, in Persian 1030 gmt 16
Dec 14

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2014 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             901 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             March 16, 2003 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

Monroe Township Journal;
By the Road an Old Oak Stands. That's the Rub.

BYLINE:  By RONALD SMOTHERS

SECTION: Section 1; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 36

LENGTH: 880 words

DATELINE: MONROE TOWNSHIP, N.J., March 12


Keeping sprawl in check has become a New Jersey mantra lately. Gov. James E.
McGreevey is traveling the state, promoting clean water proposals in the west
and land reclamation efforts in the east to ease the tension between development
and protecting green space.

But here in the state's rural midsection, that clash is playing out at its most
basic level.

Monroe Township, along with Middlesex County, which has ultimate authority, must
decide whether to spare a majestically crowned 300-year-old white oak that is
standing in the way of a road-widening project that the county planned to
accommodate traffic expected from an 800-unit subdivision that is rising nearby.

Still, the elementary nature of the struggle masks its complications. For one
thing, Monroe is a tree-friendly town -- the home, too, of the Monroe Oak, a
mammoth specimen of Quercus alba that was here when the town was founded in
1838. It was included in the town's official seal as a symbol of endurance and
rootedness.

The other oak --the one now in jeopardy, some three miles away along Route 522
-- is nearly as large; its girth is just a half-inch less than that of the
town's namesake tree. But does the town have room in its heart for yet another,
less celebrated oak?

The question tests the resolve that the town demonstrated five years ago, when
it passed an ordinance requiring developers to get a permit before removing
trees over a certain size. The permit is usually accompanied by a requirement
that the developer do an approved amount of replacement planting and pay a fee
determined by the town into a "Tree Trust" that finances other tree replacement
programs. In the last year, the trust has raised $500,000.

When the New Jersey Builders Association went to court to complain that the law
discriminated against developers, it was seen as a move that dared town
officials to extend the requirement to all the homeowners they face at election
time.

"We called their bluff," said the town engineer, Ernest Feist. In 1999, Monroe
broadened the law to cover anyone who would cut down such a tree.

So it is a bit odd that few paid attention when plans were made to take down the
oak alongside Route 522, two miles southeast of the village of Jamesburg. On
March 5, town officials said, the developer of the subdivision, Toll Brothers
Inc., proposed taking it down. but put it off because of bad weather. Toll
Brothers needed a permit, Mr. Feist said, but had not applied for one.

But one man took notice: David Cohn, a state-certified tree specialist at the
firm the state asked to cut down the tree.

Struck by descriptions of the tree's size, he went to see it and immediately
concluded that it would be a mistake to take on the job, for both preservation
and public relations reasons. Mr. Cohn then called Mayor Richard Pucci of Monroe
Township and the office of the Middlesex County engineer, which was to supervise
the road widening, asking them to save the tree. The mayor has directed town
officials to work with the county engineer's office and the developer to
consider ways to spare the tree.

Mr. Cohn left his job late last month for unrelated reasons, but took with him a
passion for saving the tree, which he estimates is 300 to 400 years old.

"This is the kind of tree that the British used to build the world's greatest
fleet of ships back in the 17th and 18th century," Mr. Cohn said, as he climbed
the tree, waxing grandiloquent about the denseness of its wood and its
resistance to disease.

"Few of these trees live to be this old," he said. "But this one has defied all
probability without lightning-strike damage and never having been struck by a
car even though it's so close to the road."

While not a "perfect specimen," he said, it is nevertheless a "perfect system,
growing vigorously and healthily" to its crown, which measures about 90 feet
across. About six feet from the ground, the tree splits, V-like, into two
"co-dominant" trunks.

"In fact, if it were perfect, it would probably be a ship now," he said.

Roy Etsch, the farmer who sold the land where the tree stands to Toll Brothers,
said that when he subdivided the plot, he tried to lay out a plan that would
keep the tree out of harm's way. But he said that county engineers insisted they
needed the right of way for the road widening, which would run the edge of the
expanded road right down the middle of what is now the tree's trunk.

"They said that they want to put a sidewalk here," Mr. Etsch said, quizzically
staring at what is now a stretch of country road. "It would be a sidewalk in the
middle of nowhere. I think the tree should stay."

Mr. Feist, who must report to the mayor about alternatives in two weeks, said
that now the only option appeared to be shifting the road south, a move that
would require the county to condemn land owned by people who are not involved in
or the subdivision's construction and would not benefit from it. Not only would
this be costly, but it would create two curves in what is now a straight stretch
of road -- all to avoid the tree.

"The threshold issue is whether the value of the tree outweighs the cost of this
kind of shift," Mr. Feist said. "But as an engineer I have to say that before
you get to that issue, you are creating a less-safe road by introducing these
curves."

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: David Cohn estimates that the tree he wants to save is 300 to
400 years old. It is still "growing vigorously and healthily," he said. (John W.
Wheeler for The New York Times) Map of New Jersey highlighting Monroe Township
shows approximate site of oak tree: An old oak tree may be cut down to allow for
a wider road.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2003 The New York Times Company


                             902 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Journal

                            February 22, 2013 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Building on new homes success

SECTION: COMMUNITY REGENERATION;NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 799 words


THE last few months have seen many changes in the Government funding for local
regeneration and affordable homes throughout England with some particularly good
news for the North East.

As part of the second round of the Get Britain Building programme over £9.4m has
already been contracted this year to provide more than 200 new homes at schemes
in Newcastle, Durham and the Tees Valley with more identified for later in the
year. This builds on the success of the first round where 298 homes are being
built through an investment of £13.8m.

The HCA is required by Government to make the best use of public land that is no
longer needed and we have been able to put surplus land to good use in the North
East. Our first success is that Galliford Try has just been appointed to build
300 homes on derelict land at the former St George's hospital site in Morpeth at
the same time as preserving the historic Victorian buildings. In Prudhoe,
Sunderland-based Gentoo Developments have been chosen as preferred developer and
will soon start to work with the local community to provide homes on disused
public land while finding a way to preserve the Grade II-Listed, but empty,
Prudhoe Hall.

It is not simply enough to build new houses we also have to ensure that people
can afford to buy new homes if they want to.

The Firstbuy scheme is, as the name suggests, helping first time buyers own the
home they want at a price they can afford through a shared equity scheme which
means that purchasers only have to find a mortgage for 80% of their property.

This scheme has been so popular that in the last year in the North East we have
provided support to allow 500 new homes to be bought.

Not everyone wants or can afford to buy their own homes and our support for
providers of social housing is therefore vital.

The new Affordable Homes Programme which provides funding up until 2015 has
allocated over £66 million for the North East to help provide at least 3,700
affordable homes.

We work to ensure that the homes meet the needs of everyone in the community,
for example over 580 homes will be designed specifically for older people or
people who need support to enable them to live an independent life.

Large housing developments in bigger towns and cities are the easiest way to
ensure that we provide the homes that people want but it is also important to
ensure that rural communities remain viable, so we will be providing almost 300
affordable homes in smaller and more remote communities.

The HCA also acts in a number of specialised ways to ensure that we provide
homes that meet the needs of everyone and that we make best use of our existing
houses.

We have worked with a number of local community groups to help provide funding
for Community Land Trusts which are local charities that provide homes for local
people in areas of specific need, such as Holy Island. A new initiative this
year is the Custom Build Loan fund where we will provide loans to groups of
people who want to build their own homes rather than simply buy an existing one.

The Agency has provided local authorities and other organisations with
additional funding to bring empty homes back in to use where this is seen
locally as a better option than demolition, in the current financial year we
have provided £2.7m to 22 partners to help bring 200 homes back into use.

Looking forward there are a number of Government programmes that will benefit
the North East by increasing the supply of new homes, the Build to Rent fund is
a £200m recoverable loan scheme to allow private sector developers to provide
new homes to rent and will allow the HCA to provide funding to ensure schemes
will be built out, managed and let. The investment can be used to cover
development costs such as land, construction or management costs. Once the
scheme is fully let the developer will sell on its interest or re-finance the
scheme and repay the investment which we will then reinvest in yet more new
homes.

The Department of Health has become involved in helping meet housing needs, over
five years from 2013/14, it is providing us with a £160m capital fund to invest
outside of London. The fund is specifically to allow specialist housing
providers to bring forward development of housing to meet the specific needs of
older people or adults with disabilities.

The Homes and Communities Agency is working with local authorities, housing
providers and developers across the region to help provide much needed homes
that meet the needs of everyone in the North East, wherever they want to live
and whatever their needs might be.

David Curtis is the executive director for the North East, Yorkshire and The
Humber at the Homes and Communities Agency

It is not simply enough to build new houses we also have to ensure that people
can afford to buy new homes

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GOOD NEWS David Curtis is the executive director for the North East,
Yorkshire and The Humber at the Homes and Communities Agency
HAPPY FAMILY The Walker family who moved into their new home in the village of
Beadnall thanks to Isos homes and HCA investment

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TJN


               Copyright 2013 Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             903 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Herts & Essex Observer

                                 August 3, 2006

Plan to stop town exodus

LENGTH: 346 words


A SCHEME to stop sky-high property prices forcing families - and young people -
out of Thaxted is on the way.

The proposal has its foundations in what residents say they want and a report
highlights that young people are already having to move away from their
childhood community.

Ten affordable or shared ownership houses and two flats are earmarked for
agricultural land between Newbiggen Street and Walden Road, next to Clare Court.

A demand for at least 30 low-cost homes is revealed by the Thaxted Housing Needs
Survey, conducted by the Rural Community Council of Essex last year.

It concluded: "First time buyers will have little chance of purchasing locally
in present market conditions.

"It will not be possible for most young people to stay in Thaxted."

The lowest price in the town in 2005 for a two-bedroom dwelling was 170,000 - an
individual would need an annual income of 46,140

to get a mortgage, while a couple would need to earn 58,730.

"Some people who said they wanted to purchase on the open market will almost
certainly have difficulty in finding a property at a price they could afford.
This may mean that the overall need is higher than the survey indicates," the
survey said.

"There is a definite housing need in Thaxted to cater for existing residents and
those with close connections to the village."

Of those who responded, 38 stated that family members had moved away in the past
five years because they could not find or finance a home in the town.

The data suggested that 15 households would need a new home within two years,
with a further 15 requiring accommodation within two to five years. Of those, 12
are already registered on Uttlesford District Council's waiting list.

When asked whether they would support a small amount of residential development
in the parish to help meet local needs for affordable housing, 89 per cent of
residents said they would be in favour.

The application from Little Chesterford's Hastoe Housing Association to build on
the 0.793 acre site will be determined by the district council in October.


LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HertsandEssex


                    Copyright 2006 Iliffe News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             904 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                            December 2, 2011, Friday

Sneaky;
Success with bureaucrats

BYLINE: Gzedit

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. P4A

LENGTH: 328 words


Q: How can a clever housing developer induce state bureaucrats to give him
millions of federal taxpayer dollars? A: By naming apartment complexes for the
bureaucrats, their children, their in-laws and even their dogs.

That's the implication of peculiar disclosures by Statehouse reporter Eric Eyre.
Over several weeks, Eyre has revealed:

-Former state housing official Douglas Pauley quit to enter the private rental
business - and his old colleagues at the West Virginia Housing Development Fund
awarded him more than $30 million in federal grants, loans and tax credits.
Since Pauley's firms are allowed to keep apartment complexes built with U.S.
money, he evidently became wealthy from taxpayers.

-Pauley paid state Treasurer John Perdue and his wife $215,000 for a Mason
County site for a complex named Milton Place, after Perdue's late father-in-law.
Mason County commissioners opposed the complex, making it ineligible for U.S.
funds - but a Perdue aide helped change state rules to restore eligibility, and
Milton Place was given $3.7 million in stimulus money.

-With a $2.8 million federal loan granted by state officials, Pauley built Elle
Bella Villa Apartments in Dunbar - named for state housing official Sherry
Bossie's Yorkshire terrier, Elle Bella.

-Pauley built Wilshere Landing in Greenbrier County - evidently named for state
housing official Michelle Wilshere.

-He built Perkins Parke Apartments in Cross Lanes - apparently named for housing
official Nancy Perkins.

-He built Lindsey Terrace Apartments in Martinsburg - evidently named for
Perkins's daughter Lindsey.

Amid all these disclosures, longtime state housing development director Joe
Hatfield abruptly resigned.

An FBI raid seized Pauley's records from his Charleston office, but they were
returned and he was told he isn't a target for prosecution.

Many questions and suspicions hang over this complicated mess. West Virginians
deserve answers. We hope the ongoing federal investigation provides them.

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 Charleston Newspapers


                             905 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                           September 14, 2009 Monday

September 14th, 1987: Cancer of 'bungalow blight' infecting every part of the
country

BYLINE: JOE JOYCE

SECTION: OPINION; Opinion; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 662 words


BACK PAGES:Along with widespread emigration, another feature of the 1980s was
what became known as  bungalow blight , a play on the title of a book of simple
house designs, Bungalow Bliss, which some blamed for the spread of one-off
housing in rural areas. In a series of articles, Environment Correspondent Frank
McDonald characterised the development as a cancer which was infecting every
part of the country.

THROUGHOUT THE length and breath of the country, rural areas are being destroyed
relentlessly by this structural litter on the landscape   litter than can never
be removed. And this cancer is so pervasive that for every private house built
on a suburban housing estate, at least one other house is built in the middle of
the countryside.

If this was Éamon de Valera s dream of a country  bright with cosy homesteads ,
it has turned into a nightmare.

Because what is happening, in effect, is that we are abandoning our towns and
villages in favour of colonising the countryside. And this is still going on,
almost day-in, day-out, in a year which has been designated by the Council of
Europe for its European Campaign for the Countryside.

Figures compiled by Foras Forbartha illustrate the frightening spread of
bungalow blight. They show that the output of  one-off  houses in rural areas
doubled, from 5,530 to 11,050, between 1976 and 1983, and they now account for
more than 53 per cent of all newly-built private houses compared to just 35 per
cent 10 years ago.

It must be emphasised that these are national figures; if the major urban
centres are excluded, the share of the total attributable to one-off houses
would be much higher.

For example, in Monaghan, which would be a fairly typical rural county, one-offs
now account for a staggering 80 per cent of all private house completions.

And the evidence is that much of this housing is, in fact,  urban-generated
built for people who have no functional connection with agriculture. Most of
them work in the nearest city or town, but they choose to live in a rural
environment for status reasons or because they simply like the fresh air. In
short, they are in the countryside, but not of the countryside.

The doctor, the solicitor, even the butcher and the dancehall owner, used to be
quite happy with homes in town; now they have fantasies about Southfork-style
ranch-houses. Indeed, one of the phenomena of modern Ireland is the
proliferation of vast mansions faking Dallas or Dynasty on the outskirts of so
many provincial towns   the palazzi gombeeni, as one Dublin architect has
scathingly described them.

But if the countryside was populated only by those who depended on it for a
living, many of the one-off houses   large or small   would not be there today.
Indeed, Foras Forbartha reckons that more than half of the State s rural
population, or over 177,000 households, are not engaged in agricultural
occupations. In other words, they are part of the uniquely Irish version of
suburbanisation . . .

The loss of land, often some of the best in the country, can only be estimated.
At an average of half-an-acre per house site, the 11,050 one-off bungalows built
in 1983 alone would have consumed over 5,500 acres of land   the equivalent of
one or two of the great estates which the Land Commission used to break up with
such fervour for redistribution to needy smallholders.

At the same rate over a decade, more than 55,000 acres would be lost to
agriculture. Yet the Department of Agriculture doled out more than £130 million
over the past 10 years in grants to farmers for the reclamation of marginal
land.

Farmers in financial difficulties are often put under pressure by the banks to
seek planning permission for bungalows on their land, to strengthen the
collateral for outstanding loans. But, one way or another, they make as much as
£100 million a year in windfall gains through the sale of land for development,
according to the 1985 Joint Oireachtas Committee on Building Land.

http://url.ie/2du0

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2009 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             906 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             The Observer (London)

                     November 27, 2016 Sunday 12:05 AM GMT

The big issue: the affordable housing crisis can be solved by thinking
radically;
Abandon the green belts and set up government-backed housing corporations

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 621 words


Your business leader identified the acute lack of affordable housing as a
serious issue doing great damage to the fabric of our society and requiring
urgent action ( "No more tinkering", (Business).

Finance and a dearth of building land were highlighted as key issues. With
regard to funding, we should look at the Danish model, by setting up a
government-backed corporation able to borrow market funds (currently at
historically low rates) from savers keen to obtain any interest at all and
pension funds, private or public, seeking long-term security, at modest interest
rates.

A second new corporation would vet potential property buyers and their proposed
dwellings, as building societies and banks do now, before recommending them to
the first corporation for mortgages that could be for 25 years, or longer to
allow for buying in more expensive areas.

However, affordable housing relies on the supply of available and cheaper
building sites and, for most towns and cities, that means building on the
outskirts, mainly on farmland, as in my city, Oxford, some of it in the green
belt, some on sites of special scientific interest or of particular landscape
value. Under my plan, farmers would be offered twice the current agricultural
value by selling to local authorities and schemes would avoid SSSIs or scenic
sites, but certainly include some green belt.

Green belts were proposed in 1948 to meet the then current need to prevent towns
expanding into the countryside before brownfield sites were utilised. But
21st-century needs are different and thousands of cheaper dwellings, close to
centres of employment to minimise commuting, are urgently needed.

We should also be using scarce land resources better - three-, four- and
five-storey dwellings and at higher densities to the hectare. We should revisit
the 1950s and 1960s' Parker Morris standards  of space and quality, which would
encourage the use of factory-built dwellings with much higher standards of
construction and energy efficiency. They would be much faster to build, while
creating thousands of skilled jobs (including apprenticeships) in areas that
need such employment.

Only by such broad, radical thinking do we stand a chance of providing enough
affordable housing, but is anyone in government listening? Mike Gotch

Oxford

We grieve for the seaside towns hollowed out by second homes ( "The new
frontline of Cornish war on second homes", News). But they are not alone. In
pretty well every university town, the ivory tower casts a shadow over the local
community, where landlords buy up family homes for use as second homes for
students (in even greater proportions than in Cornwall). The impacts are the
reverse of seaside towns - overwhelmed in term time, deserted in the holidays.
Dr Richard Tyler National HMO Lobby Leeds

Today, 1.2 million people are on housing waiting lists in England and Wales and
more than 6 million face tenure insecurity. The situation in my home city of
Bath is a microcosm of what has been happening in the country. The buy-to-let
sector has mushroomed, the crisis in social housing has become acute, families
live on boats on the canal, homelessness and overcrowding have increased. Yet
Bath is now a richer and more prosperous place than at any time in its history.

In 1945, Bath had been badly bombed and many people, like my parents, were
living in dingy rooms in decaying buildings. But, thanks to the determination of
the governments of both Clement Attlee and Harold Macmillan, the city's postwar
housing crisis was eradicated. The difference between the Bath of today and the
Bath of 1945 is that a sense of common national purpose and concern for those at
the bottom seem to be going down the plughole. Ivor MorganLincoln

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBONS


                   Copyright 2016 Guardian Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             907 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Kitsap Sun, Bremerton, Wash

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            December 14, 2009 Monday

BUSINESS SPOTLIGHT: Will It be Kitsap or King for Westbury Inc.?

BYLINE: Rachel Pritchett, Kitsap Sun, Bremerton, Wash.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 744 words


Dec. 14--POULSBO -- Westbury Inc. is edging closer to production of a new
sophisticated outdoor tarmac system to herd passengers safely from airport to
plane.

But will production take place in Kitsap County or in Seattle?

There is no answer yet.

Andrew Butler, chief executive officer of the Seattle-based company, is now busy
interviewing and recruiting senior sales executives around the nation, he said
in an e-mail Friday to the Kitsap Sun. The people his company hires will head 20
nationwide sales offices starting mid-January, according to Westbury's ads on
the Internet.

The next step would be production.

Local leaders have worked tirelessly in the past nine months to convince Butler
to locate a production facility in Kitsap, rather than King County, where
Westbury executives live.

That effort has been led by Bill Stewart, executive director of the Kitsap
Economic Development Alliance, who said his understanding is that Westbury will
choose Kitsap only if it is given a $2 million county-backed federal loan to
help with startups costs.

The Kitsap County commissioners voted in September to support the loan
application to the federal Department of Housing and Urban Development. HUD
apparently had no hang-ups with the plan, and now the commissioners are
performing due diligence before committing the county to being on the hook to
back the loan.

Kitsap Commissioner Josh Brown said he still has reservations about going ahead
with the loan. Commissioner Steve Bauer has said the same in the past.

Westbury so far has put up its patent as collateral, and if Westbury were to
default, "I have some concerns about how enforceable that would be," Brown said.

Brown said county staff is studying the issue.

He also said that because of how the loan is set up, a Westbury default could
hurt future funding for local programs that help the needy. "And that's
unacceptable," he said.

The county would be responsible for paying back the loan if the company defaults
and must pledge current and future Community Development Block Grant allocations
as security.

If the loan is not granted, Westbury is planning to immediately set up
production in King County, Stewart said.

That would be a disappointment to local job-seekers anxious for $16-an-hour
positions, with benefits and training. Many of the position would be in
assembly, since parts would be brought in.

The company plans to gradually hire for up to 105 positions in two years,
according to Stewart.

Erin Mundinger, area director for WorkSource, the employment office, said she's
"very disappointed that (the loan) hasn't come through."

Job-seekers are asking about jobs with Westbury.

"We really do have people coming in every day," she said.

Westbury and WorkSource have made a "first-source" agreement. That means
WorkSource would screen and recruit applicants to work at the assembly plant,
which would be at the Twelve Trees Industrial Park outside of Poulsbo.

Mundinger suggested that job-seekers watch the employment office's Web site,
www.go2worksource.com, where any Westbury jobs will pop up.

Stewart estimates a Westbury plant would add $30 million annually to the local
economy.

Westbury's product, called the Vallo Passenger Inhibitor Guide, allows for safer
and less confusing ushering of people from airports to planes on tarmacs. It
features pyramid-shaped standards with webbing stretched between them, and
safety and directional features can be added like lights, cameras and sound,
according to promotional materials.

Westbury leaders were given a tour of other industrial sites in Kitsap, and
liked a new building at the Port of Bremerton very much, Stewart said. But they
chose lease space at Twelve Trees, because the ferry ride to Seattle is shorter.

"It really came down to accessibility," Stewart said.

Stewart and Mundinger remain hopeful Westbury will get the loan and bring new
private-sector jobs to Kitsap.

"I think it will happen," Mundinger said.

Stewart said, "We all wished it was an easier one to put together, but that's
not the reality of the opportunities that are out there."

To see more of the Kitsap Sun or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.kitsapsun.com. Copyright (c) 2009, Kitsap Sun, Bremerton, Wash.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: December 26, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20091214-1BR-BIZ-SPOTLIGHT-20091214

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1BR


                                 Copyright 2009


                             908 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Mail & Guardian

                                 August 1, 2014

State to tackle housing title deed mess

BYLINE: Lynley Donnelly

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 1029 words



HIGHLIGHT: On the cards is the building of 1.5-million homes for the elderly,
poor and child-headed households.


 The government has set itself the ambitious target of trying to eradicate the
state's 2.3-million housing backlog in the coming years, after which it may end
the provision of free state housing. Alongside this herculean task, it also
plans to eradicate the backlog in issuing title deeds to existing housing
beneficiaries, to realise what Human Settlements Minister Lindiwe Sisulu called
"the dead assets" in people's hands. Research shows that more than one million
RDP homeowners don't have title deeds for their properties. The government aims
to complete 1.5-million houses in the next five years, Sisulu said before her
recent budget vote speech.

The provision of homes to the elderly, the indigent and child-headed households
will be prioritised and the practice of having 18-year-olds on the list will be
ended. This will allow the government to set a cut-off date and address the
question of the sustainability of providing free housing, she said. According to
Ndivhuwo Mabaya, the spokesperson for human settlements, the state believes that
the 2.1-million housing backlog in 1994 may already have been cleared and that
the current 2.3-million backlog is made up of new entrants. He said the younger,
economically active people on the list could be assisted with alternative forms
of social housing, such as subsidised rental accommodation, subsidised stands on
which they could build, and employer-supported housing. Housing 'opportunities'
According to state statistics, more than 3.7-million housing "opportunities"
have been delivered since 1994, which includes more than 903 000 serviced sites
and more than 2.8-million housing units. There is a substantial amount of wealth
potentially available to existing housing beneficiaries but without title deeds
they cannot access it. Research done by the FinMark Trust and Urban LandMark in
2011 showed that, at that time, more than one million owners of subsidised homes
had no title deeds. Mark Napier, the former programme director of Urban
LandMark, who is now at the Council for Scientific and Industrial Research's
built environment unit, said there were a number of key factors that contribute
to the delays in registration. A primary cause was the failure of developers to
complete the process of township establishment, which delayed the creation of a
register needed for each new neighbourhood or housing area.  The problem was
aggravated by changes made to payment processes for developers. Before 2004, the
bulk of subsidy payments to developers could only be made once the title deeds
for beneficiaries had been registered. But this was changed, resulting in
developers simply forfeiting the final, smaller payment tranches to avoid having
to complete the registration of title deeds. This fell to the municipalities and
provinces, which did not have the capacity to do it once a backlog built up,
Napier said. Transfers
Although an RDP house cannot be sold for eight years, where sales have taken
place informally without title deeds there is no record of the transfer or of
the new owner. There is a similar problem when housing beneficiaries die and
their homes are left to family members. But, according to earlier research, the
number of subsidised houses that are sold is very low - about 11% every five
years. Of this, informal sales make up only 5%. Yet the problems go beyond the
registration of title deeds, Napier said. The cost of surveying, conveyancing
and transfer of homes is often too expensive for poor people. Similarly, the
cost of building planning requirements when occupants extend their homes can be
too high, leading to lapses in compliance. This makes banks reluctant to issue
loans against these homes and, in the short term, many people cannot unlock the
financial gains that come with formally owning a home. Higher real figure
Mabaya confirmed that more than one million homeowners, including recipients of
houses before 1994, did not have title deeds, but added that the real figure
could be much higher because it excluded rural areas. He said the reason for
changing the requirement that developers finalise title deed registration was
that it had delayed final payments being made to small contractors and to the
occupation of the houses by beneficiaries. The department is setting up a
dedicated unit to fast-track the issuing of title deeds, which will be led by
the Estate Agency Affairs Board. The department has also approaching the
Congress of Traditional Leaders of South Africa to reach rural communities. "We
have noted some progress where municipalities are working with chiefs to zone
land and then give people title deeds," Mabaya said. Big strides
Meanwhile, projects such as the Ngwathe Land Reform Project, run by the Free
Market Foundation in conjunction with several private sector partners, such as
First National Bank, has already made big strides in transferring the titles of
former council homes in the Ngwathe municipality in the Free State to some of
its 33 000 residents. According to Leon Marincowitz, the project manager of the
foundation, there were many pre-1994 provisions, such as various forms of lease
agreements, that barred black people from owning homes. Similarly, home
ownership has been undermined by the restrictions on recipients of RDP houses
from selling them and by the many cases in which recipients of RDP houses had no
title deeds, which sat "at municipalities, in drawers somewhere". At a cost of
about R1 850 each, the project provides owners with full title to their homes
and with no restrictions. Marius Marais, the chief executive officer of FNB Home
Loans, said it was difficult to calculate the amount of capital lying dormant in
cases like these. But he estimated that, in the Ngwathe municipality, a 60m2
house was conservatively valued at R300 000, which meant that, in total, about
R10-billion could be accessed. But, he said, homeowners still faced many
challenges to unlock the value of their homes. Key to this was educating them
about both the importance of their title deeds and how much they could afford to
borrow, and preferably for long-term reinvestment in their homes rather than
short-term consumption.

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2014 M and G Media (Pty) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             909 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 21, 2014 Thursday

Agriculture, Rural Housing Service: Single Family Housing Technician
DEU-IN-2014-5097

LENGTH: 2746  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of Personnel Management has issued the following job announcement:

Job Title:Single Family Housing Technician

Department:Department Of Agriculture

Agency:Agriculture, Rural Housing Service

Job Announcement Number:DEU-IN-2014-5097
SALARY RANGE:
 $35,256.00 to $45,828.00 / Per Year
OPEN PERIOD:
 Wednesday, August 20, 2014 to Friday, August 29, 2014
SERIES & GRADE:
 GS-1101-06
POSITION INFORMATION:
 Full-Time - Permanent
PROMOTION POTENTIAL:
06
DUTY LOCATIONS:
 1 vacancy - Muncie, IN View Map
WHO MAY APPLY:
 US Citizens and Nationals; no prior Federal experience is required.
SECURITY CLEARANCE:
 Not Applicable
SUPERVISORY STATUS:
 No
JOB SUMMARY:

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural Development Agency serves rural
communities throughout the country by investing in their communities through
housing and utility infrastructure, by increasing economic opportunity, and by
improving the quality of life for all rural Americans.  Rural Development
provides over 40 loan and grant programs in the Rural Housing and Community
Facilities Services, Rural Business and Cooperative Services, and Rural
Utilities Service. Rural Development supports a positive work environment and
promotes diversity and inclusion for nearly 5,000 employees.

Rural Development is a dynamic organization recruiting for employees who possess
the energy, compassion, and commitment to serve those in rural communities and
will enjoy working in a fast paced and results driven organization.  Our
commitment is to expand economic opportunity and quality of life in all of rural
America by providing financial programs to support essential public facilities
and services such as water and sewer systems, housing, health clinics, emergency
service facilities and electric and telephone service.  Rural Development offers
a friendly and professional working environment and such excellent benefits as:
a generous salary, alternative work schedules, paid vacation and sick leave,
paid holidays, retirement and supplemental savings plan, a wide array of health,
dental, vision, and life insurance plans, flexible spending accounts, and
long-term care insurance.

This position is being concurrently announced under Merit Promotion procedures
on IN-2014-013. Disabled Veterans, candidates with 3 or more years of active
duty military service, and candidates eligible for special hiring authorities
can apply to the Merit Promotion announcement if they meet criteria for the
above and include supporting documents.

This announcement may be used to fill additional or subsequent vacancies that
are identified by the organization.

TRAVEL REQUIRED

Not Required

RELOCATION AUTHORIZED

No

KEY REQUIREMENTS

US Citizenship is required.
    Selective Service Registration is required for males born after 12/31/1959.
    A 1-year probationary period is required.
    Background investigation and/or fingerprint check is required.

DUTIES:
Back to top

The incumbent is responsible for providing a comprehensive range of technical
and administrative loan assistance duties associated with the Single Family
Housing loan and grant functions.
    The incumbent functions in a technical and administrative support capacity
is assigned duties that involve technical and administrative functions
associated with the SFH loan portfolio.
    The incumbent may perform one or more of the following agency regulatory
functions, practices and activities as may be required by the assigned
portfolio:
        Loan and Grant Processing
        Loan and Grant Servicing
        Outreach and Public Information
        General Office Administration

QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED:
Back to top

Applicants must meet all qualifications and eligibility requirements by the
closing date of the announcement including the following specialized experience
as identified by grade level.

For the GS-05 level: Applicants must have 1 year of specialized experience
equivalent to at least the GS-04; or its non-Federal equivalent that
demonstrates: experience in processing such as reviewing, screening, reviewing
and verifying loan and/or grant documents, maintaining records, searching and
compiling information, providing informational orally and/or in writing;
applying guidelines. There is no substitution of education for experience at the
GS-06 level.

NOTE: To be considered for this position, you must meet all qualification and
eligibility requirements for the GS-1101 series set forth in the OPM
Qualification Standard


    May be subject to satisfactory completion of one year probationary or trial
period.
     Have your salary sent to a financial institution of your choice by Direct
Deposit/Electronic Funds Transfer.
    If you are newly hired, the documentation you present for purposes of
completing the Department Homeland Security (DHS) Form I-9 on your entry-on-duty
date will be verified through the DHS "E-VERIFY" system. Federal law requires
the use of E-VERIFY to confirm the employment eligibility of all new hires.
Under this system, the new hire is required to resolve any identified
discrepancies as a condition of continued employment.
    To be eligible for appointment to this position, the new hire must be
cleared to come on board once the results of the fingerprint check, review of
the OF-306, Declaration for Federal Employment, and the candidate's Electronic
Questionnaires for Investigations Processing (eQIP) entries have been reviewed
and determined to be satisfactory. This position requires a favorable credit
check as part of the background investigation.

HOW YOU WILL BE EVALUATED:

The category rating procedure is used to rank and select eligible candidates.
Under category rating, applicants who meet basic minimum qualification
requirements established for the position and whose job related competencies
have been assessed are ranked by being placed in one of the following
categories: Best Qualified, Well Qualified, and Qualified. Preference eligibles
are listed ahead of non-preference eligibles within each category.
    You will be evaluated based on your qualifications for this position as
evidenced by the education, experience, and training you described in your
application package, as well as the responses to the Occupational Questionnaire
to determine the degree to which you possess the knowledge, skills, abilities
and competencies listed below:
    Knowledge of loan and/or grant making and servicing policies and procedures.

    Skill in planning, scheduling and organizing work.
    Knowledge of computer applications.
    Oral Communication.
    Written Communication.
    Office Skills.

We will review your application, including the online Occupational
Questionnaire, to ensure you meet the job requirements and assess your ability
to perform this job. Before any certificate can be issued to the selecting
official, the resume and supporting documents are reviewed by an HR Specialist
to ensure that (a) minimum qualification requirements are met and (b) the resume
supports the answers provided to the job-specific questions. Your answers will
be verified against information provided in your online resume and application.
Be sure that your resume clearly supports your responses to all the questions
addressing experience and education relevant to this position.
    Veterans' Preference: Preference eligibles will be listed at the top of
their assigned category, before non-preference eligibles in that category.
Preference eligibles who have a compensable service-connected disability of 10
percent or more (CPS, CP) are placed at the top of the Best Qualified category
on the referral list. For additional information on entitlement see:
http://www.fedshirevets.gov/job/vetpref/index.aspx.

Note: If, after reviewing your resume and / or supporting documentation, a
determination is made that you have inflated your qualifications and or
experience, your score can / will be lowered to more accurately reflect the
submitted documentation. Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or
omissions may affect your rating. Deliberate attempts to falsify information may
be grounds for not selecting you.


To view the application form, visit:
https://rhs.usda.ntis.gov/cp/?event=jobs.previewApplication&jobid=cc296f23-4ccc-
4db7-81fc-a36300e713de

To view the application form, visit:
https://rhs.usda.ntis.gov/cp/?event=jobs.previewApplication&jobid=292ef632-065d-
4719-b6d5-a38800ab0977

BENEFITS:
Back to top
The Federal Government offers a comprehensive benefits package.  Explore the
major benefits offered to most Federal employees at:
http://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/healthcare/enrollment/new-federal-employ
ee-enrollment/

OTHER INFORMATION:
 o If you are a male applicant born after December 31, 1959, certify that you
have registered with the Selective Service System or are exempt from having to
do so.
o BACKGROUND INVESTIGATION AND FINGERPRINT CHECK: Selection and retention in
this position is contingent on a successfully adjudicated FBI National Criminal
History Check (fingerprint check) and a background investigation.
o Career Transition Assistance Plan(CTAP) or Interagency Career Transition
Assistance Plan (ICTAP): If you are claiming CTAP/ICTAP eligibility, provide
proof of eligibility to include your most recent performance appraisal, SF-50,
and proof of eligibility such as a RIF separation notice or letter from OPM/your
agency. CTAP/ICTAP will be considered well-qualified if achieving a rating of
Well Qualified or above. Information about CTAP/ICTAP eligibility is on OPM's
Career Transition Resources website at http://www.opm.gov/ctap/index.asp.
o Relocation expenses are not authorized.
o Persons with disabilities who require alternative means for communication of
program information (Braille, large print, audiotape, etc) should contact:
USDA's TARGET Center at 202-720-2600 (voice and TDD).
HOW TO APPLY:
Back to top

Please read the entire announcement and all the instructions before you begin.
The following instructions outline our application process.

You must complete this application process and submit all required documents
electronically by 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time (ET) on the closing date of this
announcement.
    We are available to assist you during business hours (normally 8:00 a.m. -
4:00 p.m., Monday - Friday). If you cannot apply on-line, call the number listed
under Agency Contact Information prior to the closing date to request a hard
copy of the complete application package. Application packages will be sent to
applicant. The completed package along with any required supporting documents
must be received in the HR Office by the closing date of the announcement. No
extension will be granted.
    This agency provides reasonable accommodation to applicants with
disabilities on a case-by-case basis; contact us if you are requesting this.

Step 1: Create a USAJOBS account (if you do not have one) at www.usajobs.gov. It
is recommended that as part of your profile you set up automatic email
notification to be informed when the status of your application changes. If you
choose not to set up this automatic notification, then you will have to log into
your USAJOBS account to check on the status of your application.


Step 2: Create a resume with USAJOBS or upload a resume into your USAJOBS
account. Customize your resume to ensure it documents duties and accomplishments
you have gained that are directly related to this position in order to verify
that qualifications are met. Your resume must support your responses to the
online questionnaire (you may preview the online questionnaire by clicking on
the link at the end of the How You Will Be Evaluated section of the job
announcement).

Step 3: Click "Apply Online" and follow the prompts to complete the Occupational
Questionnaire and attach any additional documents that may be required.
You can update your application or documents anytime while the announcement is
open. Log into your USAJOBS account and click on "Application Status." Click on
the position title, and then select "Update Application" to continue.


NOTE: Verify that uploaded documents from USAJOBs transfer into the Agency's
staffing system. Once in the Agency's staffing system you will have the
opportunity to upload additional documents. Uploaded resumes must be less than
3MB and in one of the following document formats: GIF, JPG, JPEG, PNG, RTF, PDF,
or Word (DOC or DOCX).


REQUIRED DOCUMENTS:

You must submit a complete Application Package, prior to 11:59pm, ET, on the
closing date of this announcement. The following documents must be submitted for
your application package to be considered complete. It is your responsibility to
ensure all required documents are received within the required timeframes. Our
office cannot be responsible for incompatible software, illegible fax
transmissions, delays in the mail service, system failure or downtime, etc.
Failure to submit required, legible documents may result in loss of
consideration.

Resume that includes the following information: 1) job information for which you
are applying; 2) personal information; 3) education; 4) work experience
including the work schedule and hours worked per week as well as dates of
employment; and title, series and grade if applicable; 5) supervisors phone
number and e-mail address for each work period listed and whether or not we may
contact them for reference checks; and, 6) other qualifications.
    DD-214 (Member 4 Copy) if claiming Veterans' Preference. Veterans claiming
10 point preference must also submit a VA Letter and an SF-15 Application for
10-point Veteran Preference. Current Active Duty members must submit a
certification that they are expected to be discharged or released from active
duty under honorable conditions no later than 120 days after the date the
certification is submitted.
    Other required documents may include:
        CTAP/ICTAP Required Documentation Reduction-In-Force: Certification of
Expected Separation, Reduction-In-Force Separation Notice, or Notice of Proposed
Removal; AND most recent performance evaluation; AND SF-50 demonstrating your
separation or the position you will be separated from.
        Worker's Compensation Separation: Agency certification of inability to
place employee AND Notification of Separation OR Separation SF-50.
        Disability Annuity Termination: Notification from OPM of disability
annuity termination AND Separation SF-50 of the last position held. Military
Reserve or National Guard Technician Special Disability Retirement Annuity under
5 U.S.C. 8337(h) or 8456: Certification of special disability retirement annuity
from a military department or National Guard Bureau AND Separation SF-50 of the
last position held.

NOTE: If a document is resubmitted, it replaces the previous submission, which
means the previous document is no longer available to the Human Resources
Office. If you are adding to, rather than replacing a previous submission, you
must upload both the old document and the new document. Please verify that
documents you are uploading from USAJOBs transfer into the Agency's staffing
system as there is a limitation to the number of documents that can be
transferred. However, once in the Agency's staffing system, you will have the
opportunity to upload additional documents. Uploaded resumes must be less than
3MB and in one of the following document formats: GIF, JPG, JPEG, PNG, RTF, PDF,
or Word (DOC or DOCX).
AGENCY CONTACT INFO:
LeaVannah Whittington
Phone: 314-457-5553
Fax: 000-000-0000
Email: leavannah.davis@stl.usda.gov
Agency Information:
USDA-Rural Development
Please Read Entire Announcement
Please Apply Online,
00000
USA
Fax: 000-000-0000
WHAT TO EXPECT NEXT:
If you set up your USAJOBS account to send automatic email notifications, you
will receive an email acknowledging: 1) the submission of your online
Occupational Questionnaire and resume was successful, 2) if you were referred to
the selecting official for consideration, and 3) if you were selected or not
selected. If you choose not to set up automatic email notifications, you must
check your USAJOBS account for the latest status of your application. Your
application may be reviewed to verify that you meet the qualifications and
eligibility requirements for the position prior to issuing lists to a selecting
official. If further evaluation or interviews are required, you will be
contacted. Normally, a final job offer to the selected candidate is made within
30-60 days after the issuance of the certificate.

For more information please visit: https://www.usajobs.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             910 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 23, 2016 Monday

Request for Proposals: Farm Labor Housing Technical Assistance Grants

LENGTH: 3757  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington, DC:  This Notice document was issued by the Rural Housing Service
(RHS)



  Action



 Notice.

 Summary



 This Request for Proposal (RFP) announces an availability of funds and the
timeframe to submit proposals for Farm Labor Housing Technical Assistance
(FLH-TA) grants. Section 516(i) of the Housing Act of 1949, as amended (Act),
authorizes the Rural Housing Service (RHS) to provide financial assistance
(grants) to eligible private and public non-profit agencies to encourage the
development of domestic and migrant farm labor housing projects. This RFP
requests proposals from qualified private and public non-profit agencies to
provide technical assistance to groups who qualify for FLH loans and grants.





 Work performed under these grants is expected to result in an increased
submission of quality applications for FLH loans and grants under the Section
514 and Section 516 programs and as a result an increase in the availability of
decent, safe, and sanitary housing for farm laborers.

 Dates



 The deadline for receipt of all applications in response to this RFP is 5:00
p.m., Eastern Daylight Time, on July 22, 2016. The application closing deadline
is firm as to date and hour. RHS will not consider any application that is
received after the closing deadline. Applicants intending to mail applications
must provide sufficient time to permit delivery on or before the closing
deadline. Acceptance by a post office or private mailer does not constitute
delivery. Facsimile (FAX), Cash on Delivery (COD), and postage due applications
will not be accepted.

 Addresses



 Applications should be submitted to the USDA--Rural Housing Service; Attention:
Mirna Reyes-Bible, Finance and Loan Analyst, Multi-Family Housing Preservation
and Direct Loan Division, STOP 0781 (Room 1243-S), USDA Rural Development, 1400
Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-0781. RHS will date and time stamp
incoming applications to evidence timely receipt and, upon request, will provide
the applicant with a written acknowledgement of receipt.

 For Further Information Contact



 Mirna Reyes-Bible, Finance and Loan Analyst, Multi-Family Housing Preservation
and Direct Loan Division, STOP 0781 (Room 1243-S), USDA Rural Development, 1400
Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-0781, telephone: (202) 720-1753
(this is not a toll free number), or via email: mirna.reyesbible@wdc.usda.gov

 Supplementary Information

 Overview Information



 Federal Agency Name: Rural Housing Service.



 Funding Opportunity Title: Request for Proposals (RFP): Farm Labor Housing
Technical Assistance Grants.



 Announcement Type: Initial Announcement.



 Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance: 10.405.



 Dates: The deadline for receipt of all applications in response to this RFP is
5:00 p.m., Eastern Daylight Time, on July 22, 2016. The application closing
deadline is firm as to date and hour. RHS will not consider any application that
is received after the closing deadline. Applicants intending to mail
applications must provide sufficient time to permit delivery on or before the
closing deadline. Acceptance by a post office or private mailer does not
constitute delivery. Facsimile (FAX), COD, and postage due applications will not
be accepted.

 I. Program Description



 The technical assistance grants authorized under Section 516 of the Act are for
the purpose of encouraging the development of domestic and migrant FLH projects
under Sections 514 and 516 of the Act. RHS regulations for Section 514 and
Section 516 FLH program are published at 7 CFR part 3560. Further requirements
for technical assistance grants can be found at 7 CFR part 3560, subpart L.
Proposals must demonstrate the capacity to provide the intended technical
assistance.

 II. Award Information



 RHS will publish on its Web site,
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/farm-labor-housing-direct-loans-grants,
the amount of funding available in FY 2016. RHS intends to award one grant for
each of three geographic regions listed below. When establishing the three
regions, and amount of funding available for each region, consideration was
given to such factors as farmworker migration patterns and the similarity of
agricultural products and labor needs within certain areas of the United States.
A single applicant may submit grant proposals for more than one region; however,
separate proposals must be submitted for each region.



 Eastern Region: AL, CT, DE, FL, GA, IN, KY, MA, MD, ME, NH, NJ, NY, NC, OH, PA,
PR, RI, SC, TN, VI, VT, VA, and WV.



 Central Region: AR, IL, IA, KS, LA, MI, MN, MS, MO, NE., ND, OK, SD, TX, NM,
and WI.



 Western Region: AK, AZ, CA, CO, HI, ID, MT, NV, OR, UT, WA, WY, Pacific
Territories, and Regions



 The RHS has the authority under the Act to utilize up to 10 percent of its
Section 516 appropriations for FLH-TA grants. The disbursement of grant funds
during the grant period will be contingent upon the applicant making progress in
meeting the minimum performance requirements as described in the Scope of Work
section of this Notice, and the Grant Agreement including, but not limited to,
the submission of loan application packages.

 III. Eligibility Information



 Eligible Applicants: Eligibility for grants under this Notice is limited to
private and public non-profit agencies. Applicants must have the knowledge,
ability, technical expertise, or practical experience necessary to develop and
package loan and grant applications for FLH under the Section 514 and Section
516 programs (see Section IV. Application and Submission Information). In
addition, applicants must possess the ability to exercise leadership, organize
work, and prioritize assignments to meet work demands in a timely and cost
efficient manner. The applicant may arrange for other non-profit agencies to
provide services on its behalf; however, the RHS will expect the applicant to
provide the overall management necessary to ensure the objectives of the grant
are met. Non-profit agencies acting on behalf of the applicant must also meet
the eligibility requirements stated above.



 Cost Sharing or Matching: Cost sharing is not applicable to this program.

 Minimum Performance Requirements



 (1) Applicants shall conduct outreach to broad-based non-profit organizations,
non-profit organizations of farmworkers, federally recognized Indian tribes,
agencies or political subdivisions of State or local Government, public agencies
(such as housing authorities) and other eligible FLH organizations to further
the Section 514 and Section 516 FLH programs. Outreach will consist of a minimum
of 12 informational presentations to the general public annually to inform them
about the Section 514 Section and 516 FLH programs.



 (2) Applicants shall conduct at least 12 one-on-one meetings annually with
groups who are interested in applying for FLH loans or grants and assist such
groups with the loan and grant application process.



 (3) Applicants shall assist loan and grant applicants secure funding from other
sources for the purpose of leveraging those funds with RHS funds.



 (4) Applicants shall provide technical assistance during the development and
construction phase of FLH proposals selected for funding.



 (5) When submitting a grant proposal, applicants need not identify the
geographic location of the places they intend to target for their outreach
activities, however, applicants must commit to targeting at least five areas
within the grant proposal's region. All targeted areas must be distinct market
areas and not be overlapping. At least four of the targeted areas must be in
different States. If the proposal is selected for funding, the applicant will be
required to consult with each Rural Development State Director in the proposal's
region for the purpose of developing their list of targeted areas. When
determining which areas to target, consideration will be given to (a) the total
number of farmworkers in the area, (b) the number of farmworkers in that area
who lack adequate housing, (c) the percentage of the total number of farmworkers
that are without adequate housing, and (d) areas which have not recently had a
Section 514 or Section 516 loan or grant funded for new construction. In
addition, if selected for funding, the applicant will be required to revise
their Statement of Work to identify the geographic location of the targeted
areas and will submit their revised Statement of Work to the National Office
approval. When submitted for approval, the applicant must also submit a summary
of their consultation with the Rural Development State Directors. At grant
closing, the revised Statement of Work will be attached to, and become a part
of, the grant agreement.



 (6) During the grant period, each applicant must submit a minimum number of
loan application packages to the Agency for funding consideration. The minimum
number shall be the greater of (a) at least nine loan application packages for
the Eastern and Western Regions and at least seven for the Central Region or,
(b) a total number of loan application packages that is equal to 70 percent of
the number of areas the applicant's proposal committed to targeting. Fractional
percentages shall be rounded up to the next whole number. For example, if the
applicant's proposal committed to targeting 13 areas, then the applicant must
submit at least 10 loan application packages during the grant period (13 areas
&times; 70 percent = 9.1 rounded up to 10). The disbursement of grant funds
during the grant period will be contingent upon the applicant making progress in
meeting this minimum performance requirement. More than one application package
for the same market area will not be considered unless the applicant submits
documentation of the need for more than one FLH facility.



 (7) Provide training to applicants of FLH loans and grants to assist them in
their ability to manage FLH.

 IV. Application and Submission Information



 Intergovernmental Review. The Technical Assistant program is not subject to the
provisions of Executive Order 12372, which require intergovernmental
consultation with State and local officials. Expenses incurred in applying for
this Notice will be borne by and be at the applicant's risk.



 The application process will be in two phases; the initial application (or
proposal) and the submission of a formal application. Only those proposals that
are selected for funding will be invited to submit formal applications. All
proposals must include the following:



 (1) A summary page listing the following items. This information should be
double-spaced between items and not be in narrative form.



 a. Applicant's name,



 b. Applicant's Taxpayer Identification Number,



 c. Applicant's address,



 d. Applicant's telephone number,



 e. Name of applicant's contact person, telephone number, and address,



 f. Amount of grant requested,



 g. The FLH-TA grant region for which the proposal is submitted (i.e., Eastern,
Central, or Western Region), and



 h. Address unique entity identifier and System for Award Management (SAM). As
part of the application, all applicants, except for individuals or agencies
excepted under 2 CFR 25.110(d), must be: (1) Registered in the System for Award
Management (SAM); (2) provide a valid unique entity identifier in its
applications; and (3) maintain an active SAM registration with current
information at all times during which it has an active Federal award or
application. An award may not be made to the applicant until the applicant has
complied with the unique entity identifier and SAM requirements.



 (2) A narrative describing the applicant's ability to meet the eligibility
requirements stated in this Notice. If the applicant intends to have other
agencies working on their behalf, the narrative must identify those agencies and
address their ability to meet the stated eligibility requirements.



 (3) A detailed Statement of Work covering a 3-year period that contains
measurable monthly and annual accomplishments. The applicant's Statement of Work
is a critical component of the selection process. The Statement of Work must
include an outreach component describing the applicant's activities to inform
potentially eligible groups about the Section 514 and Section 516 FLH program.
The outreach component must include a schedule of their planned outreach
activities and must be included in a manner so that performance can be measured.
In addition, the outreach activities must be coordinated with the appropriate
RHS State Office and meet the minimum performance requirements as stated in the
Scope of Work section of this Notice. The Statement of Work must state how many
areas the applicant will target for their outreach activities (Note: If selected
for funding, the applicant will be required to revise their Statement of Work,
after consultation with Rural Development State Directors, to identify the areas
that will be targeted). The Statement of Work must also include a component for
training organizations on the application process and the long-term management
of FLH. The Statement of Work will also describe the applicant's plans to access
other funding for the development and construction of FLH and their experience
in obtaining such funding. The Statement of Work must describe any duties or
activities that will be performed by other agencies on behalf of the applicant.



 (4) An organizational plan that includes a staffing chart complete with name,
job title, salary, hours, timelines, and descriptions of employee duties to
achieve the objectives of the grant program.



 (5) Organizational documents and financial statements to evidence the
applicant's status as a properly organized private or public non-profit agency
and the financial ability to carry out the objectives of the grant program. If
other agencies will be working on behalf of the applicant, working agreements
between the applicant and those agencies must be submitted as part of the
proposal and any associated cost must be included in the applicant's budget.
Organizational and financial statements must also be submitted as part of the
application for any agencies that will be working on behalf of the applicant to
document the eligibility of those organizations.



 (6) A detailed budget plan projecting the monthly and annual expenses the
applicant will incur. Costs will be limited to those that are allowed under 2
CFR part 200.



 (7) To insure that funds are equitably distributed and that there is no
duplication of efforts on related projects, all applicants are to submit a list
of projects they are currently involved with, whether publicly or privately
supported, that are or may be, related to the objectives of this grant. In
addition, the same disclosure must be provided for any agencies that will be
working on behalf of the applicant.



 (8) The applicant must include a narrative describing its knowledge,
demonstrated ability, or practical experience in providing training and
technical assistance to applicants of loans or grants for the development of
multi-family or farmworker housing. The applicant must identify the type of
assistance that was applied for (loan or grant, tax credits, leveraged funding,
etc.), the number of times they have provided such assistance, and the success
ratio of their applications. In addition, information must be provided
concerning the number of housing units, their size, their design, and the amount
of grant and loan funds that were secured.



 (9) A narrative describing the applicant's knowledge and demonstrated ability
in estimating development and construction costs of multi-family or farm labor
housing and for obtaining the necessary permits and clearances.



 (10) A narrative describing the applicant's ability and experience in
overcoming community opposition to FLH and describing the methods and techniques
that they will use to overcome any such opposition, should it occur.



 (11) A separate one-page information sheet listing each of the "Application
Scoring Criteria" contained in this Notice, followed by the page numbers of all
relevant material and documentation that is contained in the proposal that
supports these criteria.

 V. Application Review Information



 The initial application (or proposal) evaluation process designed for this RFP
will consist of two phases. The first phase will evaluate the applicant's
Statement of Work and the degree to which it sets forth measurable objectives
that are consistent with the objectives of FLH-TA grant program. The second
phase will evaluate the applicant's knowledge and ability to provide the
management necessary for carrying out a FLH-TA grant program. Proposals will
only compete against other proposals within the same region. Selection points
will be awarded as follows:

 Phase I--Statement of Work



 The Statement of Work will be evaluated to determine the degree to which it
outlines efficient and measurable monthly and annual outcomes as follows:



 a. The minimum performance requirements of this Notice require that the
applicant commit to targeting at least five areas (at least four of which are in
different States). The more areas the applicant commits to targeting, the more
scoring points they will be awarded. As stated earlier in this Notice, the more
areas the applicant commits to the more loan application packages must be
submitted. The amount will be established in the Statement of Work. The number
of areas within the region that the applicant has committed to targeting for
outreach activities:



 (1) 5-7 targeted areas: 0 points



 (2) 8 targeted areas: 5 points



 (3) 9-10 targeted areas: 10 points



 (4) 11-12 targeted areas: 15 points



 (5) 13 or more areas: 20 points



 a. RHS wants the applicant to cover as much of the grant region as possible.
RHS does not want the applicant's efforts to be concentrated in a limited number
of States. For this reason, additional points will be awarded to grant proposals
that target areas in more than four States (the minimum requirement is four).
Applications only compete within their grant region. The grant proposal commits
to targeting areas in the following number of States:



 (1) 4 States: 0 points



 (2) 5 States: 5 points



 (3) 6 States: 10 points



 (4) 7 States: 15 points



 (5) More than 7 States: 20 points

 Phase II--Project Management



 a. The number of successful multi-family or FLH loan or grant applications the
applicant entity has assisted in developing and packaging:



 (1) 0-5 applications: 0 points



 (2) 6-10 applications: 10 points



 (3) 11-15 applications: 20 points



 (4) 16 or more applications: 30 points



 b. The number of groups seeking loans or grants for the development of
multi-family or FLH projects that the applicant entity has provided training and
technical assistance.



 (1) 0-5 groups: 0 points



 (2) 6-10 groups: 5 points



 (3) 11-15 groups: 10 points



 (4) 16 or more groups: 15 points



 c. The number of multi-family or FLH projects for which the applicant entity
has assisted in estimating development and construction costs and obtaining the
necessary permits and clearances:



 (1) 0-5 projects: 0 points



 (2) 6-10 projects: 5 points



 (3) 11-15 projects: 10 points



 (4) 16 or more projects: 15 points



 d. The number of times the applicant entity has encountered community
opposition and was able to overcome that opposition so that farm labor housing
was successfully developed.



 (1) 0-2 times: 0 points



 (2) 2-5 times: 5 points



 (3) 6-10 times: 10 points



 (4) 11 or more times: 15 points



 e. The number of times the applicant entity has been able to leverage funding
from two or more sources for the development of a multi-family or FLH project.



 (1) 0-5 times: 0 points



 (2) 6-10 times: 5 points



 (3) 11-15 times: 10 points



 (4) 16 or more times: 15 points



 f. The number of FLH projects that the applicant entity has assisted with
on-going management (i.e., rent-up, maintenance, etc.):



 (1) 0-5 FLH projects: 0 points



 (2) 6-10 FLH projects: 5 points



 (3) 11-15 FLH projects: 10 points



 (4) 16 or more FLH projects: 15 points



 The National Office will rank all pre-applications by region and distribute
funds to the regions in rank order and within funding limits.



 Tie Breakers--In the event two or more proposals within a region are scored
with an equal amount of points, selections will be made in the following order:



 (1) If an applicant has already had a proposal selected, their proposal will
not be selected.



 (2) If all or none of the applicants with equivalent scores have already had a
proposal selected, the lowest cost proposal will be selected.



 (3) If two or more proposals have equivalent scores, all or none of the
applicants have already had a proposal selected, and the cost is the same, a
proposal will be selected by a random lottery drawing.



 RHS will notify all applicants whether their pre-applications have been
accepted or rejected and provide appeal rights under 7 CFR part 11, as
appropriate.



 Reporting. Post-award reporting requirements can be found in the Grant
Agreement.

 Paperwork Reduction Act



 The reporting requirements contained in this Notice have been approved by the
Office of Management and Budget (OMB) under Control Number 0575-0181.

 Non-Discrimination Requirements



 The U.S. Department of Agriculture prohibits discrimination in all of its
programs and activities on the basis of race, color, national origin, age,
disability, and where applicable, sex, marital status, familial status, parental
status, religion, sexual orientation, political beliefs, genetic information,
reprisal, or because all or part of an individual's income is derived from any
public assistance program. (Not all prohibited bases apply to all programs.)
Persons with disabilities who require alternative means for communication of
program information (Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.) should contact
USDA's TARGET Center at (202) 720-2600 (voice and TDD).



 To file a complaint of discrimination, write to USDA, Assistant Secretary for
Civil Rights, Office of the Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights, 1400
Independence Avenue SW., STOP 9410, Washington, DC 20250-9410, or call toll free
at (866) 632-9992 (English) or (800) 877-8339 (TDD) or (866) 377-8642 (English
Federal--Relay) or (800) 845-6136 (Spanish Federal--Relay). "USDA is an equal
opportunity provider, employer, and lender."

 Dated: May 13, 2016.

 Tony Hernandez,

 Administrator, Rural Housing Service.

 [FR Doc. 2016-12068 Filed 5-20-16; 8:45 am]

 BILLING CODE 3410-XV-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             911 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           November 1, 2012 Thursday

Maravilla Townhomes a unique development, thanks to interesting collaborative
effort

BYLINE: By Khalida Sarwari ksarwari@community-newspapers.com

SECTION: COMMUNITIES; News

LENGTH: 404 words


A new housing development at 555 W. Campbell Ave. has seen a flurry of activity
over the past few weeks as its occupants start to move in. In a few weeks, the
Maravilla Townhomes will be unveiled to the community at large.

A grand opening ceremony will be held on Nov. 14 to showcase 16 small-lot
single-family homes and 24 below market rate townhome units that are
interspersed with three water supply wells installed by the Santa Clara Valley
Water District to provide drinking water to Campbell, Cupertino, Santa Clara and
West San Jose neighborhoods in the event of an emergency.

The project was a collaboration between the water district, the city of
Campbell, Charities Housing and Summerhill Homes, a developer based in San
Ramon.

"It was a nice partnership of public and private and nonprofit," said project
manager Sharon Teeter.

The 1,500-square-foot homes each have two bedrooms and two baths, according to
Teeter. All 24 townhome units have been sold, she said. A third of the occupants
have already moved in, with the remainder set to move in the coming weeks.

The development project--one of the largest in Campbell--began more than seven
years ago, but construction didn't begin until November 2011, Teeter said,
adding that part of the reason was the slow economy. The project cost about $16
million and was funded with loans, including a $2.5 million grant in mortgage
loans from the state department of housing, a $200,000 loan for each buyer from
the city of Campbell and nearly $31,000 from the Housing Trust of Santa Clara
County. The Campbell Redevelopment Agency also loaned $3.9 million to Summerhill
Homes for the 24 townhome units, according to Teeter.

Tours of the water well houses will be offered at the Nov. 14, grand opening,
set for 3-4:30 p.m. at 555 W. Campbell Ave. Mayor Mike Kotowski and
representatives from the water district, Summerhill Homes and Charities Housing
are expected to attend.

Calling the new housing development "beautiful and creative," Kotowski invited
community members to come and see it for themselves.

"I'm proud that our Campbell community is growing, and at the same time we've
strengthened our city's emergency preparedness by providing a reliable source of
drinking water in the event of a local disaster," he said.

Due to limited street parking at the site, attendees are encouraged to park for
free at the Campbell Community Center and take a van transfer to the event.

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             912 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring Middle East - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                           February 23, 2016 Tuesday

Programme summary of Iranian Tehran Province TV news 2030 gmt 20 Feb 16

LENGTH: 256 words


A. News headlines

B. Main news:

1. 2030 Campaigning for parliamentary elections continue in the country.

2. 2034 Iranian President Hassan Rouhani has addressed a conference called
"Workers and future of Iranian economy" in the Shahid Mo'tamedi stadium of
Tehran. He called on people to actively participate in 26 February polls.

3. 2036 Government Spokesman Mohammad Baqer Nowbakht has said that government
has planned to boost exports.

4. 2037 Speaking at a meeting attended by banking officials, Head of Iran's
Central Bank Valiollah Seyf has said that all the Iranian banks have agreed to
reduce interest rates.

5. 2039 Deputy Head of Housing Foundation Shamlu has said that loans will be
provided to those people for construction of guest houses for tourists visiting
historical sites in rural areas.

C. 2039 News in brief; including: The first Airbus A350 passenger plane has
landed at Mehrabad Airport.

D. More news:

1. 2044 At a joint press conference with his Omani counterpart, Foreign Minister
Mohammad Javad Zarif said that Oman had been Iran's reliable friend.

2. 2045 Russian and American foreign ministers discussed military cooperation in
Syria over telephone.

3. 2046 Report on the recent developments in Syria.

4. 2049 Report on the latest Saudi air raids on Yemen.

5. 2050 Saudi halts financial aid to Lebanon's army.

E. 2053 Sports news

F. 2057 Weather forecast

G. 2059 Calendar and prayers time

2100 End of bulletin

Source: Vision of the Islamic Republic of Iran Tehran Provincial TV, Tehran, in
Persian 2030gmt 20 Feb 16

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2016 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             913 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 15, 2014 Friday

Agriculture, Rural Housing Service: Multi-Family Housing Loan Specialist
NY-2014-5046

LENGTH: 3122  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of Personnel Management has issued the following job announcement:

Job Title:Multi-Family Housing Loan Specialist

Department:Department Of Agriculture

Agency:Agriculture, Rural Housing Service

Job Announcement Number:NY-2014-5046
SALARY RANGE:
 $69,497.00 to $90,344.00 / Per Year
OPEN PERIOD:
 Thursday, August 14, 2014 to Monday, August 25, 2014
SERIES & GRADE:
 GS-1165-12
POSITION INFORMATION:
 Full-Time - Permanent
PROMOTION POTENTIAL:
12
DUTY LOCATIONS:
 1 vacancy in the following location(s):
Batavia, NY View Map
Bath, NY View Map
Canandaigua, NY View Map
Cortland, NY View Map
Marcy, NY View Map
More Locations  (2)
WHO MAY APPLY:
 This position is open to current New York Rural Development Employees Only and
USDA CTAP eligibles in the commuting area.
SECURITY CLEARANCE:
 Not Applicable
SUPERVISORY STATUS:
 No
JOB SUMMARY:

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural Development Agency serves rural
communities throughout the country by investing in their communities through
housing and utility infrastructure, by increasing economic opportunity, and by
improving the quality of life for all rural Americans.  Rural Development
provides over 40 loan and grant programs in the Rural Housing and Community
Facilities Services, Rural Business and Cooperative Services, and Rural
Utilities Service. Rural Development supports a positive work environment and
promotes diversity and inclusion for nearly 5,000 employees.

Rural Development is a dynamic organization recruiting for employees who possess
the energy, compassion, and commitment to serve those in rural communities and
will enjoy working in a fast paced and results driven organization.  Our
commitment is to expand economic opportunity and quality of life in all of rural
America by providing financial programs to support essential public facilities
and services such as water and sewer systems, housing, health clinics, emergency
service facilities and electric and telephone service.  Rural Development offers
a friendly and professional working environment and such excellent benefits as:
a generous salary, alternative work schedules, paid vacation and sick leave,
paid holidays, retirement and supplemental savings plan, a wide array of health,
dental, vision, and life insurance plans, flexible spending accounts, and
long-term care insurance.

Merit Promotion
TRAVEL REQUIRED

Occasional Travel
    1-5 Days

RELOCATION AUTHORIZED

No

KEY REQUIREMENTS

US Citizenship is required.
    Pre-employment Screening Assessment is required.
    Selective Service Registration is required for males born after 12/31/1959.
    A 1-year probationary period is required.

DUTIES:
Back to top

Makes and services complex and difficult loans and grants under the Multi-Family
Housing (MFH) program, and, as assigned, other programs;
    Provides advice and assistance on a variety of loan making and servicing
methods, analysis of borrowers records and operations, handling of legal and
problem cases, rural development outreach efforts, etc.
    Exercises delegated authority for approval of loan actions such as
construction cost, comprehensive workout plans, foreclosures, lease revisions,
etc.
    Responsible for assisting the MFH Program Director and Area Managers leading
rural development efforts throughout the assigned region;
    Provides credit and technical assistance to field office personnel, rural
people, business concerns, and communities within an assigned region.

QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED:
Back to top

For the GS-12 level: Applicants must have 1year of specialized experience
equivalent to at least the GS-11; or its non-Federal equivalent that
demonstrates: work as reviewing and approving applications for complex
commercial or mortgage loans; servicing a portfolio or commercial or mortage
loans; performing financial analysis of commercial concerns for investment
purposes; appraising commercial or mortgage property to determine property
valuation; or similar work. There Is no substitution of education for experience
at the GS-12 level.

o  If you are newly hired, the documentation you present for purposes of
completing the Department Homeland Security (DHS) Form I-9 on your entry-on-duty
date will be verified through the DHS "E-VERIFY" system. Federal law requires
the use of E-VERIFY to confirm the employment eligibility of all new hires.
Under this system, the new hire is required to resolve any identified
discrepancies as a condition of continued employment.
o  To be eligible for appointment to this position, the new hire must be cleared
to come on board once the results of the fingerprint check, review of the
OF-306, Declaration for Federal Employment, and the candidate's Electronic
Questionnaires for Investigations Processing (eQIP) entries have been reviewed
and determined to be satisfactory.  This position requires a favorable credit
check as part of the background investigation.
o  Selectee must be able to obtain and maintain a security clearance. If
selected you may be subject to a National Agency Check and Inquiry (NACI) and a
credit report inquiry.
o  Have your salary sent to a financial institution of your choice by Direct
Deposit/Electronic Funds Transfer.
HOW YOU WILL BE EVALUATED:

You will be evaluated based on your qualifications for this position as
evidenced by the education, experience, and training you described in your
application package, as well as the responses to the Occupational Questionnaire
to determine the degree to which you possess the knowledge, skills, abilities
and competencies listed below:


    Knowledge of Housing, Commercial and Community Programs loan and/or grant
making requirements.
    Knowledge of Housing, Commercial and Community Programs servicing
requirements.
    Knowledge of Building Standards, Costs, Specifications and Contracts.
    Program Administration/ Project Management.
    Oral Communication.
    Written Communication

We will review your application, including the online Occupational
Questionnaire, to ensure you meet the job requirements and assess your ability
to perform this job. Before any certificate can be issued to the selecting
official, the resume and supporting documents are reviewed by an HR Specialist
to ensure that (a) minimum qualification requirements are met and (b) the resume
supports the answers provided to the job-specific questions. Your answers will
be verified against information provided in your online resume and application.
Be sure that your resume clearly supports your responses to all the questions
addressing experience and education relevant to this position.
    Applicants who meet the basic minimum qualification requirements and are
determined to be among the best qualified candidates will be referred to the
hiring manager for consideration. Non-Competitive candidates need to meet
minimum qualification requirements to be referred.

Note: If, after reviewing your resume and / or supporting documentation, a
determination is made that you have inflated your qualifications and or
experience, your score can / will be lowered to more accurately reflect the
submitted documentation. Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or
omissions may affect your rating. Deliberate attempts to falsify information may
be grounds for not selecting you.

To view the application form, visit:
https://rhs.usda.ntis.gov/cp/?event=jobs.previewApplication&jobid=26dc4b90-5ed7-
46ee-be10-a37900f9a367

BENEFITS:
Back to top

You can review our benefits at:
http://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/healthcare/enrollment/new-federal-employ
ee-enrollment/
The Federal Government offers a comprehensive benefits package.  Explore the
major benefits offered to most Federal employees at:
http://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/healthcare/enrollment/new-federal-employ
ee-enrollment/

OTHER INFORMATION:
o  If you are a male applicant born after December 31, 1959, certify that you
have registered with the Selective Service System or are exempt from having to
do so.
o  This position is eligible for telework and other flexible work arrangements.
Employee participation is at the discretion of the supervisor.
o  This is a bargaining unit designated position.
o  Career Transition Assistance Plan(CTAP) or Interagency Career Transition
Assistance Plan (ICTAP):   If you are claiming CTAP/ICTAP eligibility, provide
proof of eligibility to include your most recent performance appraisal, SF-50,
and proof of eligibility such as a RIF separation notice or letter from OPM/your
agency.  CTAP/ICTAP eligibles will be considered well-qualified if achieving a
rating of 88 or above.  Information about CTAP/ICTAP eligibility is on OPM's
Career Transition Resources website at http://www.opm.gov/ctap/index.asp.
o  BACKGROUND INVESTIGATION AND FINGERPRINT CHECK:  Selection and retention in
this position is contingent on a successfully adjudicated FBI National Criminal
History Check (fingerprint check) and a background investigation.
HOW TO APPLY:
Back to top

Please read the entire announcement and all the instructions before you begin.
The following instructions outline our application process.

You must complete this application process and submit all required documents
electronically by 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time (ET) on the closing date of this
announcement.
    We are available to assist you during business hours (normally 8:00 a.m. -
4:00 p.m., Monday - Friday). Applying online is highly encouraged. If applying
online poses a hardship, please contact our office during business hours well
before the closing date for an alternate method. All hardship application
packages with supporting documents must be submitted no later than noon on the
closing date of the announcement in order to be entered into the system prior to
its closing.
    This agency provides reasonable accommodation to applicants with
disabilities on a case-by-case basis; contact us if you are requesting this.

Step 1: Create a USAJOBS account (if you do not have one) at www.usajobs.gov. It
is recommended that as part of your profile you set up automatic email
notification to be informed when the status of your application changes. If you
choose not to set up this automatic notification, then you will have to log into
your USAJOBS account to check on the status of your application.


Step 2: Create a resume with USAJOBS or upload a resume into your USAJOBS
account. Customize your resume to ensure it documents duties and accomplishments
you have gained that are directly related to this position in order to verify
that qualifications are met. Your resume must support your responses to the
online questionnaire (you may preview the online questionnaire by clicking on
the link at the end of the How You Will Be Evaluated section of the job
announcement).

Step 3: Click "Apply Online" and follow the prompts to complete the Occupational
Questionnaire and attach any additional documents that may be required.
You can update your application or documents anytime while the announcement is
open. Log into your USAJOBS account and click on "Application Status." Click on
the position title, and then select "Update Application" to continue.
NOTE: Verify that uploaded documents from USAJOBs transfer into the Agency's
staffing system. Once in the Agency's staffing system you will have the
opportunity to upload additional documents. Uploaded documents must be less than
3MB and in one of the following document formats: GIF, JPG, JPEG, PNG, RTF, PDF,
or Word (DOC or DOCX).


REQUIRED DOCUMENTS:

A resume should be provided. It should include relevant work experience
(start/end dates stated in month/year, description of duties and salary),
applicable education at a minimum, and your contact information. For current or
previous Federal employees, it should also include the Pay Plan, Series and
Grade for each work experience entry.
    For current or previous Federal employees, please attach a copy of your most
recent SF-50 or agency notification of personnel action form that provides
current position, grade level, and duty location.
    If you are a veteran claiming Veterans' Preference, please attach your
DD-214 "Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty," showing all dates
of service, receipt of medals and campaign badges, as well as character of
service (Honorable, General, etc.). The member 4 copy of your DD-214,
"Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty," is preferable.
    When applying for Federal Jobs, eligible veterans should claim preference on
their application or resume. Applicants claiming 10-point preference must
complete Standard Form (SF) 15, "Application for 10-Point Veteran Preference",
and submit the requested documentation.

A complete Application Package must be submitted and received prior to 11:59,
ET, on the closing date. The following documents are required for your
application package to be complete. Our office cannot be responsible for
incompatible software, illegible fax transmissions, delays in the mail service,
your system failure or downtime, etc. Failure to submit required, legible
documents may result in loss of consideration.

Resume that includes the following information: 1) personal information; 2)
education; 3) work experience including the work schedule and hours worked per
week as well as dates of employment; and title, series and grade if applicable;
4) supervisor's phone number and e-mail address for each work period listed and
whether or not we may contact them for reference checks; and, 5) other
qualifications.
    College Transcripts if education is required for meeting basic
qualifications and/or used as a substitute for specialized experience. An
unofficial copy is sufficient however, if selected; an official college
transcript will be required prior to entering on duty. Education must have been
successfully completed and obtained from an accredited school, college, or
university. Foreign education must be evaluated by an approved organization. For
additional information, refer to the U.S. Department of Education web site at
http://www.ed.gov. All transcripts must be in English or include an English
translation.

Other required documents as applicable:

Current/Former Career/Career-Conditional: Most recent non-award Notification of
Personnel Action (SF-50 or equivalent) showing that you are/were in the
competitive service, highest grade (or promotion potential) held on a permanent
basis, federal status, position title, series and grade AND most recently
completed performance appraisal (dated within 18 months) showing the official
rating of record, signed by the supervisor, or a statement as to why the
performance appraisal is unavailable. Do not submit a performance plan.
    Veteran Hiring Authorities: (VEOA, VRA, and 30% Disabled Veterans): DD-214
(Member 4 Copy). Disabled veterans must include your VA letter & SF-15 if
claiming 10 pt. preference. Current active duty members must submit a
certification that they are expected to be discharged or released from active
duty under honorable conditions not later than 120 days after the date the
certification is submitted.
    Schedule A, Persons with Disabilities: Schedule A letter from a physician,
local, state or federal rehabilitation office citing eligibility under 5 CFR
213.3102 (u).
    Certain Military Spouses under E.O. 13473: Verification of the marriage to
the service member (i.e., a marriage license or other legal documentation
verifying marriage), plus Permanent Change of Station: PCS orders issued within
the last 2 years, that: lists you as authorized to accompany the military member
to the new duty permanent station; the specific location; and the effective date
of the PCS OR Military disability of 100%: verification of the member's release
or discharge due to 100% disability (DD-214 and VA Letter) OR Death while
serving on active duty: 1) Verification of release or discharge due to death
(DD-214). 2) Verification of the member's death (DD-1300 and Death Certificate.
3) Statement certifying they are un-remarried widow or widower of the service
member.
    Foreign Service: Most recent Foreign Service Notification of Personnel
Action, showing that you were/are serving under an unlimited, career-type
appointment AND have completed at least 1 year of continuous service without a
break of a workday under one or more nontemporary Foreign Service appointments.

    CTAP/ICTAP: Certification of Expected Separation, Reduction-In-Force
Separation Notice, Notice of Proposed Removal, or appropriate OPM/Agency
certification; AND most recent performance evaluation; AND SF-50 demonstrating
your separation or the position from which you will be separated.
    Peace Corps/VISTA Volunteers: Documentation of no less than 24 months (Peace
Corps) or 1 year (VISTA) of continuous service and separated within 1 year of
completing the qualifying service.
    Peace Corps Staff: Documentation of no less than 36 months of continuous
service without a break in service of 3 days or more and separated within the 3
years of completing the qualifying service.
    Certain Family Members under E.O. 12721: Most recent non-award SF-50 and
performance appraisal.
    Interchange Agreement with Other Merit Systems: Documentation of eligibility
as listed in interchange agreement.
    Miscellaneous Authorities Not Regulated by the Office of Personnel
Management: (Postal Career Service Employees, Postal Service Commission
Employees, GAO, US Courts, etc.), Current Notification of Personnel Action (or
equivalent) that reflects your eligibility.
    Other Special Hiring Authorities: If you are claiming eligibility under a
Special Hiring Authority, you must submit supporting documents.

AGENCY CONTACT INFO:
Kristen Lombardo
Phone: 315-477-6439
Fax: 315-477-6440
Email: kristen.lombardo@usda.gov
Agency Information:
Rural Development
441 South Salina St, Suite 357, 5th Floor
Syracuse, NY 13202,
13202
USA
Fax: 315-477-6440
WHAT TO EXPECT NEXT:
If you set up your USAJOBS account to send automatic email notifications, you
will receive an email acknowledging: 1) the submission of your online
Occupational Questionnaire and resume was successful,  2) if you were referred
to the selecting official for consideration, and  3) if you were selected or not
selected. If you choose not to set up automatic email notifications, you must
check your USAJOBS account for the latest status of your application. Your
application may be reviewed to verify that you meet the qualifications and
eligibility requirements for the position prior to issuing lists to a selecting
official. If further evaluation or interviews are required, you will be
contacted. Normally, a final job offer to the selected candidate is made within
30-60 days after the issuance of the certificate.

For more information please visit: https://www.usajobs.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             914 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                January 8, 1989, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

STREETSCAPES: Woodycrest Children's Home;
A New Life - and Mission - for a Bronx Residence

BYLINE: By CHRISTOPHER GRAY

SECTION: Section 10; Page 6, Column 1; Real Estate Desk

LENGTH: 800 words


IT IS a wreck, still elegant in parts, but definitely a wreck. Now the vacant,
vandalized Woodycrest, a home for neglected children built in the Bronx in 1902
by the American Female Guardian Society and Home for the Friendless, seems on
the road to repair, if not restoration.

Bought with city help for use as a residence for homeless children with AIDS, it
will be operated as a joint venture by two nonprofit organizations. It is to
open in 1990.

Founded in 1834, the American Female Guardian Society and Home for the
Friendless sought ''to rescue from degradation, physical and moral, the children
of want, homelessness and sorrow,'' according to its 1877 annual report. Until
1900 the society was at 29 East 29th Street in Manhattan, but increasing
commercial development and rising land values suggested a move.

It considered moving into the country, but municipal funds (and referrals)
dictated a city site and one was found in the Highbridge section of the Bronx,
on the edge of a bluff overlooking the Harlem River Valley. Because of its
location at the northeast corner of Woodycrest and Jerome Avenues, and the
unwieldy name of its sponsor, the building came to be known simply as
Woodycrest.

The society erected its huge Beaux-Arts building in 1901 and 1902. It
accommodated 120 children, with a chapel, five dormitories, a kindergarten, a
hospital, a dining room and a quarantine ward for new arrivals.

Generally, the interior finishes are no-nonsense plain plaster with wooden
floors, although the entrance hall does have a mosaic tile floor. But the
exterior, designed by William Burnett Tuthill - who also designed Carnegie Hall
and was on the society's board - is a rich, chaotic succession of bays,
pavilions and other protruberances. The main doorway is an elegant design in
terra cotta, and the building itself is largely of stone, terra cotta and gray
brick.

John Montagu Massengale, an architect with the firm of Pier, Fine Associates,
conducted a preliminary study of the building in 1987 for the Association to
Benefit Children, which sought to buy the property, and foundit ''one of the
best in the Bronx.''

On a five-acre site in the middle of a nearly rural district, the building must
have seemed like a retreat to its residents.

In 1917, the Jerome Avenue line of the Lexington Avenue IRT subway was opened
and, within a decade, the borough's characteristic six-story elevator apartments
dominated nearby streets. Yankee Stadium opened in 1923 within sight of
Woodycrest, and the American Female Guardian Society built an annex around 1930.

In 1974 the society merged with another charity and moved to Rockland County.

''It was difficult to maintain a children's home in the South Bronx in those
years,'' according to Mercedes Eyssell, a member of the board of directors in
the 70's. ''The crime, the neighborhood - it was a difficult place for
children.''

THE property went through two owners and for the last few years has been vacant.
The copper cresting on the mansard roof has been stripped off and many of the
windows are broken or gone. Water has damaged most of the plaster walls, and
many are now down to bare brick. The galvanized iron cornice, with its lions'
heads, is completely rusted out in many places.

Only the basic simplicity of the interiors makes the prospect of renovation seem
at all realistic.

More than a year ago, two organizations - Housing and Services Inc. and
Highbridge Community Life Center Inc. - began work on a joint project to develop
a residence for children with acquired immune deficiency syndrome and began
negotiating for the Woodycrest property. Later, the city incorporated their
project into a citywide program of eight such residences, announced in October.

In the week before Christmas, the city made the two groups a bridge loan of $1.5
million to cover acquisition of the property, and they bought the building. Now
the two groups will repay the loan and raise construction money - perhaps $5
million - through the sale of special tax-exempt bonds under a state program.

According to Donald Sclare, architect for the venture, the renovated building
will have 111 beds and will permit AIDS-infected children to live with their
families - even if the families are not ill.

The Landmarks Preservation Commission has held many public hearings on the
building in this decade, but Woodycrest is one of a large number of cases on
which it has not finally acted. The new owners feel they have their hands full
and hope the commission will just forget about them and not require approval of
the renovation plans.

Mr. Sclare, referring to his construction budget, says ''there's no way, for $95
a square foot, that we're going to be casting lion's heads in fiberglass'' to
replace those missing on the cornice.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo of Woodycrest children's home, at 936 Woodycrest Avenue in the
Bronx, in 1902 (The New York Public Library)

                   Copyright 1989 The New York Times Company


                             915 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 The Mountaineer (Waynesville, North Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                               May 6, 2016 Friday

Historic hospital renovation project inches forward

BYLINE: Vicki Hyatt, The Mountaineer, Waynesville, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 555 words


May 06--A proposal that would turn Waynesville's historic hospital, the first
public hospital in North Carolina, into affordable housing units, is inching its
way forward through a complicated process.

Landmark Developers, a Winston-Salem company that specialized in restoring
historic buildings through the use of tax credits, has assumed the $8,000 cost
of putting the county building most recently used for the department of social
services, on the National Register of Historic Places. That application should
be submitted this month, said David Francis, who handles special projects for
the county.

In the first round of competition for the tax credit dollars, the Haywood
project received a perfect score. It will be August before county leaders learn
whether the structure will be among those awarded funding that will turn the
former hospital rooms/offices into 54 one- and two-bedroom apartments earmarked
for veterans, elderly and low-to-moderate income individuals.

One of the final steps needed to complete the application was a resolution from
Haywood County formalizing an agreement to sell the building for $200,000 and
agreeing to loan Landmark $450,000 at 0 percent interest over the next 30 years
to finance the project.

The proposal has been discussed at three previous meetings, one of which was a
public hearing.

Commission Chairman Mark Swanger said the project was submitted previously, but
the county was unsuccessful because of the way the rules were structured
requiring such housing projects to be within a half-mile of medical facilities,
grocery stores or pharmacies.

The county successfully lobbied to have the rules changed in a way that rural
communities would not be penalized.

Francis said Landmark officials are "very enthusiastic" about the project, in
part because it has been so long since funding has been awarded to a proposal in
the western part of the state.

The majority of the building has been vacant since 2012 when the former Walmart
store was remodeled to house the health and human services offices for the
county.

In 2010, the county was poised to sell the building for $1.27 million, again to
be used for low-income apartments, but the project never materialized when tax
credits for both historic preservation and low-income tax credits.

Before the Landmark agreement, the county was unsuccessful in finding a buyer
for the building, despite a fleeting interest in the site as a regional mental
health administrative services building and a 2013 study in partnership with the
town of Waynesville and the UNC-Chapel Hill School of Government to identify
financial incentives and potential investors.

In other business, the commissioners:

--  approved an update of the county's emergency management ordinance;

--  agreed to purchase a $73,000 computer software upgrade to keep better track
of employee hours;

--  accepted an additional $292,000 in federal funds unused by other subsidized
child care programs into the Southwestern Child Development Commission, Inc.
budget;

--  approved a $14,250 change order to raise the level of the EMS/Emergency
Management Base project to avoid future problems with the groundwater and
footings.

___ (c)2016 The Mountaineer (Waynesville, N.C.) Visit The Mountaineer
(Waynesville, N.C.) at themountaineer.villagesoup.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20160506-NC-Historic-hospital-renovation-project-inches-forward-0506-20160506

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NC


                         Copyright 2016 The Mountaineer


                             916 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2017 Harte-Hanks Market Intelligence, Inc., All
                                Rights Reserved
                             CI Technology Database

                                 February 2017

                     Rural Community Assistance Corporation

                           3120 Freeboard Dr Ste 201
                        West Sacramento,  CA 95691-5039
                                 United States


MAILING ADDRESS: CA
MSA: 40900 - SMF
REGION: West
SUB-REGION: Pacific states
COUNTRY-CODE: US
CONTINENT: North America
CONSOLIDATED METROPOLITAN STATISTICAL AREA CODE: 472
MAJOR METROPOLITAN AREA CODE: SMF
MAJOR METRO NAME: Sacramento-Arden CA
METRO NAME: Sacramento-Rosvl CA
ZIP CENTROID LONGITUDE: 121610 West
LONGITUDE: -121.55237
ZIP CENTROID LATITUDE: 038608 North
LATITUDE: 38.57429

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (916)447-2854
URL: rcac.org

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
DUNS NUMBER: 093587368
ENTERPRISE TYPE: 5
ENTERPRISE RANK: 5
ALTERNATE ENTERPRISE TYPE: 5

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
FOUNDED: 1978
EMPLOYEES:
SITE EMPLOYEES: 60
ENTERPRISE OR STANDALONE BUSINESS EMPLOYEES: Ultimate HQ
MOBILE EMPLOYEES: 30
MOBILE EMPLOYEES THAT TRAVEL INTERNATIONALLY: No

SIC GROUP: Services
LANGUAGE SPOKEN: English
ENTERPRISE STATUS: Usa
VERTICAL INDUSTRY GROUP: SVC-SOCIAL
INDUSTRY SUB-GROUP: SVC-PERSONAL
LOCAL ACCESS TRANSPORT AREA: SACRAMENTO CA
LOCAL ACCESS TRANSPORT AREA CODE: 726
SERVING TELEPHONE COMPANY: PACIFIC BELL - CA
TELEPHONE COMPANY CODE: 5170
PRESENCE oF VoIP: 5
VoIP Provider: 5

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *

Name                     Title                    Function
Mr. Dan Hicks            Information Technology   -
                         Manager
Mr. Chris Marko          Branch Manager           -
Ms Eva Wilson            Senior Corporate         , Purchasing Manager
                         Procurement Specialist
Ms Julia Helmreich       Corporate Development    -
                         Manager
Paul Ainger              Manager Development      -
                         Solutions
Judy Andrews             Director Human Resources Human Resourcers Manager
Harold Brand             Regional Housing Manager -
                         Az Nm
Kevin Baughman           Information Technology   -
                         Director
Michael Carnes           Loan Officer             Senior Financial
                                                  Executive
Michael Carroll          Director Lending And     -
                         Housing
Ellen Drew               Regional Environmental   -
                         Manager
David Ebenezer           Finance Manager          Senior Financial
                                                  Executive
Cindy Elliott            Manager                  -
Chris Eynon              Network Administrator    -
Emily Goldhahn           Assistant Controller     , Senior Financial
                                                  Executive
Juanita Hallstrom        Loan Administration      -
                         Manager
Pam Higgins              Regional Director        -
Dave Harvey              Accounting Coordinator   Senior Financial
                                                  Executive
Billie Heath             Rural Development        -
                         Specialist
Eagle Jones              Rds Environmental        -
                         Circuit Rider
Stacey Karpenske         Administrative Assistant -
Stan Keasling            Ceo                      -
Robert Longman           Manager                  -
Chuck Miller             Loan Officer             Senior Financial
                                                  Executive
Pauline Marzette         Executive                -
Elizabeth Moore          Board Vice President     -
Bruce Newman             Regional Manager         -
June Otow                Manager                  -
Linda Petta              Manager Conference And   -
                         Training Events
Frank Sasaki             Senior Information       -
                         Technology Director
George Schlender         Environmental Director   -
Kasey Singh              Accounts Manager         -
Diana Varcados           Director Information     -
                         Technology
Joe Waters               Manager                  -
John Weidemaier          Loan Officer On The      Senior Financial
                         Project                  Executive
Connie Wolfe             Regional Housing Manager -
BLANCA A SURGEON         Rural Development        -
                         Specialist
EVA ALDERTON             Corporate Procurement    , Purchasing Manager
                         Specialist
SAVANNA BALES            Program Analyst          -
TERESA BARDWELL          Rural Development        -
                         Specialist
SUSAN BUNTJER            Meeting Planner          -
Sharen Butrum            FUND DEVELOPER II        -
David C. Wallis          ENVIRONMENTAL            -
                         SPECIALISTRURAL
                         DEVELOPMENT
Joy Gannon               ENVIRONMENTAL RURAL      -
                         DEVELOPMENT SPECIALIST
JOHNNY HAMNER            Environmental Tech       -
Angela Hengel            RURAL DEVELOPMENT        -
                         SPECIALIST ENVIRONMENTAL
JOE MITSCHELEN           Controller               Senior Financial
                                                  Executive
Olga Moralessanchez      ENVIRONMENTAL RURAL      -
                         DEVELOPMENT SPECIALIST
Rosanna Noval            RURAL DEVELOPMENT        -
                         SPECIALIST ENVIRONMENTAL
Carol Rosset             FUND DEVELOPER II        -
Lee Schegg               RURAL DEVELOPMENT        -
                         SPECIALIST CIRCUIT RIDER
ARTHUR SEAVEY            RURAL DEVELOPMENT        -
                         SPECIALIST HOUSING
PATRICIA WU BORGES       Human Resources          Human Resourcers Manager
                         Generalist
Frederik Zavala          RCAC LOAN FUND INTERN    -
Mr Kevin McCumber        Chief Financial Officer  , Senior Financial
                                                  Executive
Mr George Schelender     Director                 -
Ms Sharon Wills          Client Relations         -
                         Associate

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
PRIMARY NAICS:
624 - SOC-Social Assistance
SECONDARY NAICS:
624190 - SOC-Other Individual and Family Services
PRIMARY SIC:
83 - Social Services
SECONDARY SIC:
832 - Individual & family services
8322 - Individual & family services

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 17,000,000

* * * * * * * * * * TECHNOLOGY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CHANNEL-FLAG: No




                            TECHNOLOGY TOTALS TABLE

IT OR IS EMPLOYEES                                                       1 to 4
COMPANY-PROVIDED WIRELESS SUBSCRIPTIONS OR IS                                13
EMPLOYEES
EMPLOYEES USING THE INTERNET                                           25 to 49
TELESALES                                                                    87
DESKTOP AND LAPTOP PCS                                                       59
DESKTOP PCS                                                                  23
LAPTOP PCS                                                                    5
SERVERS                                                                      20
MULTIFUNCTION PRINTERS                                             50 to 100 TB
PHONE EXTENSIONS                                                              5





                                 IT SPEND TABLE

TOTAL IT BUDGET                                                          319705
COMMUNICATIONS SERVICE BUDGET                                             15989
HARDWARE BUDGET                                                           10225
IT RELATED SERVICES BUDGET                                                  496
SOFTWARE BUDGET                                                            2107
STORAGE BUDGET                                                             1983
OTHER IT ITEMS                                                             4090
IT BUDGET RATIO FOR HARDWARE/SOFTWARE REPLACEMENT                          1177

PRODUCT TABLE



                                 PRODUCT TABLE

CLASS/GROUPING   SUBCLASS   MANUFACTURER    MODEL OF THE        GROUP (GROUP OF
OF PRODUCTS      OF PRODUCT                 PRODUCT/SERVICES    MODELS)
PRG              DSPRG      Google          Apps                PUBLISHING
HOS              HANDO      RsrchMotion     BlackBerry          HANDSET-OS
PRG              LGPRG      Westlaw         LEGAL-SRV-SW        LEGAL-SRV
PRG              DKERP      Microsoft       Dynamics GP         ERP-UNSPEC
PRG              AVPRG      Microsoft       ActvDrFedSrv        ANTI-VIRUS
HOS              HANDO      RsrchMotion     Blackberry5         HANDSET-OS
PRG              PMPRG      SAP             ProjectSys          PROJECT-MGT
TAB              TAB        APPLE           iPad                PORTABLE
SMT              HAND       APPLE           iPhone              SMARTPHONE
PRG              SCPRG      SAP             MatrialsMgnt        SUPPLY-CHAIN
PRG              COPRG      SKYPE           COLLAB-SWFTR        COLLABORATIV
PRG              SAPRG      TechSmith       Camtasia            SAAS
PRG              VSERV      VMware          ESXi 5.0            SERVER-MGMT
PRG              DBPRG      IBM             DB2LnxUNXWin        DBMS
PRG              ACPRG      Sage            PchtrQuantum        ACCOUNTING
PRG              IAAS       Datacore        IAAS                IAAS
LDC              PBXLD      SPRINT          LONG-DIST           LONG-DIST
PRG              WCPRG      Microsoft       SharePoint          WEB-CONTENT
PRG              ACPRG      Intacct         ACCTNG-SFTWR        ACCOUNTING
PRG              DKERP      Microsoft       Dynamics            ERP-UNSPEC
RTR              LANRT      UNSPECIFIED     ROUTER              ROUTER
PRT              PRTOT      HP              PRINTER             PRINTER
PRT              PRTOT      KONICA          PRINTER             PRINTER
PRG              BSPRG      Microsoft       Exchng 2007         BUSINESS SOL
PRG              BSPRG      Microsoft       Exchng 2003         BUSINESS SOL
SRV              CPS        UNSPECIFIED     SERVICES            -
OPR              OPR        APPLE           MAC-OS              MAC-OS
PRG              DKERP      SAP             OutlookSoft         ENTPRISE-MGT
PRG              COPRG      Microsoft       Lync                COLLABORATIV
PRG              DSPRG      Microsoft       Office365           PUBLISHING
PRG              ACPRG      Sage            Peachtree           ACCOUNTING
PRG              DSPRG      AUTODESK        AUTOCAD             CAD/CAM
PRG              ACPRG      INTUIT          QUICKBOOKS          ACCOUNTING
PRG              DBPRG      Microsoft       ACCESS              DBMS
PRG              BSPRG      Microsoft       EXCHANGE            GROUPWARE
PRG              EMPRG      Microsoft       OUTLOOK             GROUPWARE
PRG              DTPRG      Microsoft       VISUALBASIC         DEV-TOOL
PRG              SIPRG      IBM             SPSS                MONITORING
PRG              NMPRG      Dell            SonicWALL           DATA-CENTER
RTR              LANRT      NETGATE-NET     NETGEAR             ROUTER
PRG              HRPRG      Oracle          Taleo Bus Ed        HUMAN-RES
PRG              ASPRG      Adobe           Bridge              ASSET-MGMT
PRG              DSPRG      Adobe           Dreamweaver         PUBLISHING
PRG              DSPRG      Adobe           FrameMaker          PUBLISHING
PRG              DSPRG      Adobe           Illustrator         PUBLISHING
PRG              DSPRG      Adobe           InDesign            PUBLISHING
PRG              DSPRG      Adobe           Photoshop           PUBLISHING
CPC              DPC        TOSHIBA         DESKTOP-PC          DESKTOP
CPC              PPC        SONY            Sony Laptop         PORTABLE
CPC              PPC        Fujitsu         Tablet              PORTABLE
PRG              DKERP      Sage            Sage Accpac         ERP-UNSPEC
PRG              CMPRG      SAP             SolutionMgr         SOFT-CONFIG
PRG              ACPRG      SAP             CO-PAAcclrtr        ACCOUNTING
PRG              BIPRG      IBM             Cognos              BI
PRG              COPRG      IBM             Lotus Notes         COLLABORATIV
PRG              ITPRG      BMC             RemdyHelpDsk        HELPDESK
PRG              ITOM       BMC             Remedy Magic        DATA-CENTER
IAP              INETP      OTHER           INET-ACCESS         -
OPR              OPR        Microsoft       WIN2000             WINDOWS
LSW              LANSW      3COM            SWITCH              SWITCH
PRG              AVPRG      SOPHOS          ANTI-VIRUS          ANTI-VIRUS
WIS              CELL       VERIZONWIRE     CELLULAR            CELLULAR
LAN              WLAN       -               WIRELESS-LAN        -
OPR              OPR        Microsoft       WIN/XP              WINDOWS
PRG              DSPRG      Microsoft       PowerPoint          PUBLISHING
PRG              DSPRG      Microsoft       Publisher           PUBLISHING
AUX              NAS        IOMEGA          NAS                 DISK-NAS
PRG              BSPRG      SAP             Bus Objects         BUSINESS SOL
OPR              OPR        APPLE           OSX Server          MAC-OS
PRG              DSPRG      APPLE           FinalCut Pro        PUBLISHING
PRG              COPRG      RsrchMotion     BlkBryENTSvr        COLLABORATIV
PRG              DSPRG      QUARK           PUBLISHNG-SW        PUBLISHING
PRG              CRPRG      SAP             SAP CRM             SAAS-CRM
PRG              DKERP      SAP             SAP ERP             ERP-UNSPEC
PRG              DKERP      SAP             ECC                 ERP-UNSPEC
MNT              MAIN       TELCO           MAINT               MAINT
CPU              SVPR       IBM             NETFINITY           NETFINITY
PRG              DMPRG      IBM             DOC-MGMT            DOC-MGMT
PRG              DKERP      SAP             SAP R3              ERP-UNSPEC
PRG              VSERV      VMware          ESX                 SERVER-MGMT
PRG              SAPRG      Microsoft       SpENT               SAAS
PRG              ITPRG      SysAid          HELPDESK            HELPDESK
PRG              ACPRG      Sage            Sage 50             ACCOUNTING
PRG              DKERP      DELTEK          Costpoint           ERP-UNSPEC
PRG              VSERV      VMware          vSphrHyprvsr        SERVER-MGMT
PRG              BSPRG      Microsoft       Exchng 2013         BUSINESS SOL
PRG              IAAS       Microsoft       Sys Cntr            IAAS
OPR              OPR        OpenSource      Linux               OS
OPR              OPR        OpenGroup       Unix                UNIX
OPR              OPR        PHP             OS                  OS
PRG              WCPRG      WordPress       WEB-CONTENT         WEB-CONTENT
PRG              DRPRG      EMC             DisstrRecvry        DATA-CENTER
PRG              PMPRG      Microsoft       ENTProjMgnt         PROJECT-MGT
PRG              BIPRG      IBM             CognsSeries7        BI
PRG              EMPRG      ConstntCont     EMAIL               EMAIL
CPU              SRV        Dell            POWEREDGE           POWEREDGE
CPC              POPR       IBM             PORTABLE            PORTABLE
OPR              OPR        Microsoft       W2000-DCSVR         W2000-SERVER
OPR              OPR        Microsoft       W2003-SERVER        W2003-SERVER
OPR              OPR        Microsoft       W2003-ENTSVR        W2003-SERVER
PRG              STPRG      Symantec        Norton Ghost        STORAGE-MGMT
CPC              DKPR       WHITE-BOX       DESKTOP             DESKTOP
CPC              DKPR       Lenovo          DESKTOP             DESKTOP
HST              HST        -               ETHERNET100         -
NTL              NETLN      UNSPECIFIED     UNSPECIFIED         UNSPECIFIED
PBX              PBX        ESI-COMM        PHONE-SYS           PHONE-SYS
OPR              OPR        Microsoft       W2008-SERVER        W2008-SERVER
PRG              STPRG      Symantec        STORAGE-MGMT        STORAGE-MGMT
PRG              ACERP      Microsoft       ACCOUNTING          ACCOUNTING
PRG              AVPRG      Symantec        ANTI-VIRUS          ANTI-VIRUS
PRG              CRERP      IN-HOUSE        CRM                 CRM/SFA
PRG              GWPRG      LOTUS           GROUPWARE           GROUPWARE
CPU              SVPR       IBM             XSERIES             XSERIES-4XX
PRG              DW         OTHER           DATA-CENTER         DATA-CENTER
PRG              DBPRG      Microsoft       DBMS                DBMS
OPR              OPR        Microsoft       WINDOWS7            WINDOWS
PRG              COPRG      LogMeIn         COLLAB-SWFTR        COLLABORATIV

CLASS/GROUPING   SERIES (GROUP OF  TYPE OF      DESCRIPTION OF    SERVER
OF PRODUCTS      GROUPS)           PRODUCT IN   THE PRODUCT       CATEGORY
                                   USE                            (HIGH,
                                                                  MEDIUM, LOW)
PRG              ENTPRISE-APP      APPL         DESIGN &          -
                                                PUBLISHING
                                                SOFTWARE
HOS              HANDSET-OS        -            HANDSET OPERATING -
                                                SYSTEM
PRG              IND-SPECIFIC      APPL         LEGAL &           -
                                                PROFESSIONAL
                                                SERVICE
PRG              ENTPRISE-APP      APPL         UNSPECIFIED ERP   -
                                                MODULE
PRG              SECURITY-MGT      SYSTEM       ANTI-VIRUS        -
HOS              HANDSET-OS        -            HANDSET OPERATING -
                                                SYSTEM
PRG              ENTPRISE-APP      APPL         PROJECT           -
                                                MANAGEMENT
                                                SOFTWARE
TAB              PC                PORT         PERSONAL PORTABLE -
                                                COMPUTER
SMT              SMARTPHONE        -            SMARTPHONE        -
PRG              ENTPRISE-APP      APPL         SUPPLY CHAIN      -
                                                MANAGEMENT
PRG              ENTPRISE-APP      SYSTEM       COLLABORATIVE/INT -
                                                EGRN SOFTWR
PRG              CLOUD-CMPTNG      APPL         SOFTWARE AS A     -
                                                SERVICE
PRG              SYSTEMS-MGMT      SYSTEM       SERVER MANAGEMENT -
                                                TOOLS
PRG              DBMS-BI           APPL         DATABASE          -
                                                MANAGEMENT
PRG              ENTPRISE-APP      APPL         ACCOUNTING        -
PRG              CLOUD-CMPTNG      APPL         INFRASTRUCTURE AS -
                                                A SERVICE
LDC              LONG-DIST         -            LONG DISTANCE     -
                                                CARRIER
PRG              CLOUD-CMPTNG      APPL         SOFTWARE AS A     -
                                                SERVICE
PRG              ENTPRISE-APP      APPL         ACCOUNTING        -
PRG              ENTPRISE-APP      APPL         UNSPECIFIED ERP   -
                                                MODULE
RTR              ROUTER            -            ROUTER            -
PRT              PRINTER           UNSPEC       PRINTER           -
PRT              PRINTER           UNSPEC       PRINTER           -
PRG              ENTPRISE-APP      APPL         ENTERPRISE        -
                                                BUSINESS SOLUTION
PRG              ENTPRISE-APP      APPL         ENTERPRISE        -
                                                BUSINESS SOLUTION
SRV              -                 -            SERVICES VENDOR   -
OPR              MAC-OS            -            OPERATING SYSTEM  -
PRG              ENTPRISE-MGT      SYSTEM       ENTERPRISE        -
                                                MANAGEMENT
PRG              VOICEOVERIP       VOICEOV      VOICE OVER        -
                                                INTERNET
PRG              ENTPRISE-APP      APPL         DESIGN &          -
                                                PUBLISHING
                                                SOFTWARE
PRG              ENTPRISE-APP      APPL         ACCOUNTING        -
PRG              WORKSTATION       APPL         CAD/CAM           -
PRG              ENTPRISE-APP      APPL         ACCOUNTING        -
PRG              DBMS-BI           APPL         DATABASE          -
                                                MANAGEMENT
PRG              OFFICE            APPL         GROUPWARE         -
                                                SOFTWARE
PRG              OFFICE            APPL         GROUPWARE         -
                                                SOFTWARE
PRG              APPL-MGMT         SYSTEM       APPL DEVELOPMENT  -
                                                TOOLS
PRG              ENTERPRISE-M      APPL         SECURITY          -
                                                INFORMATION &
                                                EVENT
PRG              ENTERPRISE-M      APPL         NETWORK MANGEMENT -
                                                SOFTWARE
RTR              ROUTER            -            ROUTER            -
PRG              ENTPRISE-APP      APPL         HUMAN RESOURCES   -
                                                MANAGEMENT
PRG              SYSTEMS-MGMT      SYSTEM       ASSET MANAGEMENT  -
PRG              ENTPRISE-APP      APPL         DESIGN &          -
                                                PUBLISHING
                                                SOFTWARE
PRG              ENTPRISE-APP      APPL         DESIGN &          -
                                                PUBLISHING
                                                SOFTWARE
PRG              ENTPRISE-APP      APPL         DESIGN &          -
                                                PUBLISHING
                                                SOFTWARE
PRG              ENTPRISE-APP      APPL         DESIGN &          -
                                                PUBLISHING
                                                SOFTWARE
PRG              ENTPRISE-APP      APPL         DESIGN &          -
                                                PUBLISHING
                                                SOFTWARE
CPC              PC                DESKTOP      PERSONAL PORTABLE -
                                                COMPUTER
CPC              PC                PORT         PERSONAL PORTABLE -
                                                COMPUTER
CPC              PC                PORT         PERSONAL PORTABLE -
                                                COMPUTER
PRG              ENTPRISE-APP      APPL         UNSPECIFIED ERP   -
                                                MODULE
PRG              APPL-MGMT         SYSTEM       SOFTWARE          -
                                                CONFIGURATION
                                                MGMT
PRG              ENTPRISE-APP      APPL         ACCOUNTING        -
PRG              DBMS-BI           APPL         BUSINESS          -
                                                INTELLIGENCE
PRG              ENTPRISE-APP      SYSTEM       COLLABORATIVE/INT -
                                                EGRN SOFTWR
PRG              ENTERPRISE-A      APPL         HELP DESK         -
                                                MANAGEMENT
PRG              ENTERRISE-MG      SYSTEM       IT INFRASTRUCTURE -
                                                & OPS MANA
IAP              -                 -            INTERNET ACCESS   -
                                                PROVIDER
OPR              WINDOWS           -            OPERATING SYSTEM  -
LSW              SWITCH            -            LAN SWITCH        -
PRG              SECURITY-MGT      SYSTEM       ANTI-VIRUS        -
WIS              CELLULAR          -            CELLULAR PROVIDER -
LAN              -                 -            LOCAL AREA        -
                                                NETWORK
OPR              WINDOWS           -            OPERATING SYSTEM  -
PRG              ENTPRISE-APP      APPL         DESIGN &          -
                                                PUBLISHING
                                                SOFTWARE
PRG              ENTPRISE-APP      APPL         DESIGN &          -
                                                PUBLISHING
                                                SOFTWARE
AUX              NAS               NAS          NETWORK ATTACHED  -
                                                STORAGE
PRG              ENTPRISE-APP      APPL         ENTERPRISE        -
                                                BUSINESS SOLUTION
OPR              MAC-OS            -            OPERATING SYSTEM  -
PRG              ENTPRISE-APP      APPL         DESIGN &          -
                                                PUBLISHING
                                                SOFTWARE
PRG              ENTPRISE-APP      SYSTEM       COLLABORATIVE/INT -
                                                EGRN SOFTWR
PRG              ENTPRISE-APP      APPL         DESIGN &          -
                                                PUBLISHING
                                                SOFTWARE
PRG              CLOUD-CMPTNG      APPL         CRM AS A SERVICE  -
PRG              ENTPRISE-APP      APPL         UNSPECIFIED ERP   -
                                                MODULE
PRG              ENTPRISE-APP      APPL         UNSPECIFIED ERP   -
                                                MODULE
MNT              MAINT             -            MAINTENANCE       -
                                                VENDOR
CPU              NETFINITY         INTEL        SERVER            -
PRG              WORKFLOW          APPL         DOCUMENT          -
                                                MANAGEMENT
PRG              ENTPRISE-APP      APPL         UNSPECIFIED ERP   -
                                                MODULE
PRG              SYSTEMS-MGMT      SYSTEM       SERVER MANAGEMENT -
                                                TOOLS
PRG              CLOUD-CMPTNG      APPL         SOFTWARE AS A     -
                                                SERVICE
PRG              ENTERPRISE-A      APPL         HELP DESK         -
                                                MANAGEMENT
PRG              ENTPRISE-APP      APPL         ACCOUNTING        -
PRG              ENTPRISE-APP      APPL         UNSPECIFIED ERP   -
                                                MODULE
PRG              SYSTEMS-MGMT      SYSTEM       SERVER MANAGEMENT -
                                                TOOLS
PRG              ENTPRISE-APP      APPL         ENTERPRISE        -
                                                BUSINESS SOLUTION
PRG              CLOUD-CMPTNG      APPL         INFRASTRUCTURE AS -
                                                A SERVICE
OPR              OS                -            OPERATING SYSTEM  -
OPR              UNIX              -            OPERATING SYSTEM  -
OPR              OS                -            OPERATING SYSTEM  -
PRG              CLOUD-CMPTNG      APPL         SOFTWARE AS A     -
                                                SERVICE
PRG              ENTERPRISE-A      APPL         DISASTER RECOVERY -
PRG              ENTPRISE-APP      APPL         PROJECT           -
                                                MANAGEMENT
                                                SOFTWARE
PRG              DBMS-BI           APPL         BUSINESS          -
                                                INTELLIGENCE
PRG              ENTPRISE-APP      APPL         EMAIL SOFTWARE    -
CPU              POWEREDGE         INTEL        SERVER            LOW-END
CPC              PC                PORT         PERSONAL PORTABLE -
                                                COMPUTER
OPR              W2000-SERVER      -            OPERATING SYSTEM  -
OPR              W2003-SERVER      -            LAN OPERATING     -
                                                SYSTEM
OPR              W2003-SERVER      -            OPERATING SYSTEM  -
PRG              STORAGE-MGMT      SYSTEM       STORAGE           -
                                                MANAGEMENT
CPC              PC                DESKTOP      PERSONAL DESKTOP  -
                                                COMPUTER
CPC              PC                DESKTOP      PERSONAL DESKTOP  -
                                                COMPUTER
HST              -                 -            100 MBPS ETHERNET -
NTL              UNSPECIFIED       -            UNSPECIFIED       -
                                                LEASED LINE
PBX              PHONE-SYS         -            PHONE SYSTEM      -
OPR              W2008-SERVER      -            LAN OPERATING     -
                                                SYSTEM
PRG              STORAGE-MGMT      SYSTEM       STORAGE           -
                                                MANAGEMENT
PRG              ENTPRISE-APP      APPL         ACCOUNTING        -
PRG              SECURITY-MGT      SYSTEM       ANTI-VIRUS        -
PRG              ENTPRISE-APP      APPL         CUSTOMER/SALESFOR -
                                                CE MGMT
PRG              OFFICE            APPL         GROUPWARE         -
                                                SOFTWARE
CPU              XSERIES           INTEL        SERVER            -
PRG              ENTPRISE-MGT      SYSTEM       ENTERPRISE        -
                                                MANAGEMENT
PRG              DBMS-BI           APPL         DATABASE          -
                                                MANAGEMENT
OPR              WINDOWS           -            OPERATING SYSTEM  -
PRG              ENTPRISE-APP      SYSTEM       COLLABORATIVE/INT -
                                                EGRN SOFTWR





                           COMPETITIVE INSTALL TABLE

MANUFACTURER OR VENDOR FOR DESKTOP PCS                                WHITE-BOX
OTHER DESKTOP PC MANUFACTURER                                               Yes
PRIMARY MANUFACTURER OR VENDOR FOR LAPTOP PC                                IBM
SERVER SERIES                                                               IBM
OTHER SERVERS                                                         NETFINITY
SERVER OS                                                                   Yes
SERVER OS MODEL                                                       MICROSOFT
OTHER SERVER OS                                                          WIN/XP
MULTIFUNCTION PRINTER                                                       Yes
HIGH VOLUME PRINTER                                                      KONICA
OFFICE COPIER                                                               Yes
DIRECT-ATTACHED STORAGE (DAS)                                            IOMEGA
STORAGE MANAGEMENT SOFTWARE                                            SYMANTEC
PHONE SYSTEM                                                           ESI-COMM
LONG DISTANCE CARRIER                                                  ESI-COMM
NETWORK LINE CARRIER                                                     SPRINT
VIRTUAL PRIVATE NETWORK (VPN)                                       VERIZONWIRE
INTERNET SERVICE PROVIDER (ISP)                                           TELCO
HOST OR REMOTE STATUS ON COMPANY'S INTRANET                         UNSPECIFIED
APPLICATION SERVER SOFTWARE                                         UNSPECIFIED
BUSINESS INTELLIGENCE (BI) SOFTWARE                                        3COM
CRM/SFA SOFTWARE                                                          OTHER
ENTERPRISE RESOURCE PLANNING (ERP) SOFTWARE                         ETHERNET100
GROUPWARE SOFTWARE                                                     IN-HOUSE
DEVELOPMENT SOFTWARE                                                        IBM





                             PRESENCE INSTALL TABLE

A RATE INDICATING THE LIKELIHOOD THAT A                                     Yes
DIRECT-ATTACHED STORAGE (DAS) DEVICE IS PRESENT
AT THIS LOCATION
A RATE INDICATING THE LIKELIHOOD THAT THIS SITE                             Yes
USES A 3RD PARTY FOR DISASTER RECOVERY
A RATE  INDICATING THE LIKELIHOOD THAT THIS SITE                            Yes
USES A 3RD PARTY FOR STORAGE MANAGEMENT
A RATE INDICATING THE LIKELIHOOD THAT A CALL OR                             Yes
CONTACT CENTER IS PRESENT AT THIS LOCATION
A RATE INDICATING THE LIKELIHOOD THAT A METRO                               Yes
ETHERNET NETWORK IS IN USE AT THIS SITE
A RATE SIGNIFYING THE LIKELIHOOD THAT A WIRELESS                            Yes
LAN IS PRESENT AT THIS LOCATION
A RATE INDICATING THE LIKELIHOOD THAT THIS SITE                             Yes
USES A 3RD PARTY FOR INTRUSION DETECTION SERVICES
(IDS)
A RATE INDICATING THE LIKELIHOOD THE PRESENCE OF                            Yes
COLLABORATIVE SOFTWARE
A RATE INDICATING THE LIKELIHOOD THAT THERE IS A                            Yes
CRM/SFA SOFTWARE PRESENT
AN INDICATOR OF THE LIKELIHOOD THAT THIS LOCATION                           Yes
HAS DATABASE MANAGEMENT SOFTWARE (DBMS) INSTALLED
A RATE SIGNIFYING THE LIKELIHOOD THE PRESENCE OF                            Yes
A DATA CENTER OR DATA WAREHOUSE
A RATE DETAILING THAT THERE IS AT LEAST ONE                                 Yes
GOOGLE APPLICATION, (OTHER THAN A WEB SEARCHING
SOFTWARE), PRESENT





                              DEFINITION OF SCORE

Sites rated A- Harte-Hanks Market Intelligence
are nearly assured to have this technology
installed at their business location. These
locations have significant need for complex IT
systems and often serve as the headquarters or
key hub service provider for other locations
within their corporate family.
Sites rated B- Harte-Hanks Market Intelligence
have a strong likelihood of installation of the
technology in question. More importantly,
Harte-Hanks Market Intelligence has determined
they posses a significant need for the technology
in question, regardless of whether it is actually
installed yet.
Sites rated C- Harte-Hanks Market Intelligence
have some potential for the technology in
question, but are much less likely to have it
installed than A or B rated locations. These
locations, often smaller and belonging to a
mid-market or SMB segment, have above average
need for IT systems and should be considered
solid targets for future growth.
Sites rated F- Unrated Locations - It is
extremely doubtful that the business location in
question has the technology in question
installed. These locations tend to be very small,
require very light IT infrastructure, or are
often a satellite office within a larger
corporation.

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2017


                             917 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                    March 03, 2004 Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

$2.45M federal loan to help Main South

BYLINE: Bronislaus B. Kush; TELEGRAM & GAZETTE STAFF

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 538 words

DATELINE: WORCESTER


- Environmental workers in ''moon suits'' this week began the arduous task of
stripping asbestos from the former Creative Packaging complex on Tainter Street
-- another tangible sign that the $32 million Gardner-Kilby-Hammond Street
revitalization project is on track.

The work at the turn-of-the-century brick structure is being made possible by a
$2.45 million federal ''Section 108 loan,'' which allows the city of Worcester
and a number of partners to continue rehabilitating 30 blighted acres in the
Main South neighborhood.

To date, about $6 million in federal loans and grants has been targeted for the
Gardner-Kilby-Hammond Street project.

That includes a $1 million brownfields grant from the Department of Housing and
Urban Development, a $1 million Neighborhood Improvement Grant, $500,000 in
Economic Development Initiative funding, $365,000 from the U.S. Environmental
Protection Agency, and $975,000 in direct appropriations.

The announcement of the $2.45 million loan was formally made yesterday by the
offices of U.S. Rep. James P. McGovern, D-Worcester, and U.S. Sens. Edward M.
Kennedy and John F. Kerry.

The loan allows the Main South Community Development Corp, the lead organization
in the project, to prepare the Creative Packaging plant and other highly
contaminated buildings within the massive South Worcester Industrial Park for
demolition.

''This is a tremendous step forward for the Gardner-Kilby-Hammond Project,''
said Mr. McGovern. ''We are on our way toward making our vision of a revitalized
Main South a reality.''

In a statement, Mr. Kennedy said that the Gardner-Kilby-Hammond Street project
will generate needed jobs and improve the quality of life in Main South. He said
the project ''is critical to the future of Worcester.''

The Gardner-Kilby-Hammond Street project includes converting 7.8 acres of
contaminated and unused industrial land.

Another key component is creation of 80 new units of affordable housing for
first-time home buyers.

The residential construction has been under way for some time.

Six units already have been sold and 10 more are being built. Four three-deckers
also have been relocated and are now being renovated.

A new Boys & Girls Club and an outdoor athletic complex for Clark University are
components of the plan.

J. Stephen Teasdale, executive director of the Main South CDC, said the loan
will greatly help project proponents continue the 5-year-old project.

''The realization of this project affords new opportunity and hope for the
residents of this long neglected area,'' said Mr. Teasdale.

Officials said the loan will cover costs until anticipated grants and money from
fund-raising efforts become available.

Mayor Timothy P. Murray said the Main South plan is a ''cornerstone neighborhood
revitalization project'' that he hopes city officials can replicate elsewhere.

GZA GeoEnvironmental Inc. is the general contractor on the project.

ARC Environmental Specialist Inc. of Peabody was hired to do the asbestos work
and McConnell Enterprises of Peabody will handle demolition efforts.

Other partners in the project include Clark University and the Boys and Girls
Club of Greater Worcester.

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; T&G Staff/JIM COLLINS ; Asbestos removal workers prepare to
place plywood over the window opening after removing the windows, the glazing of
which contains asbestos and must be captured before the Tainter Street building
is razed. The building across the street that can be seen through the window
also will be torn down.

               Copyright 2004 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.


                             918 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              Leek Post and Times

                             April 28, 2015 Tuesday

SECTION: NEWS:POLITICS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 567  words


JOHN REDFERN, LIBERAL DEMOCRAT

THE Liberal Democrats were the first party to pledge £8 billion of spending or
our NHS and say how we would fund this. Labour by contrast will spend less
leaving a shortfall of about three billion on the amount experts say will be
needed.

The Conservatives belatedly matched our offer but cannot explain where the money
is coming from.

The future for Leek and Cheadle hospitals should be to see services enhanced to
relieve the pressures on University Hospitals in Stoke; this makes sense as
would introducing an X-ray service at Biddulph Health centre.

I would agree with free debt advice, while at the same time it is important to
properly resource those organisations which provide this free advice such as the
CAB, which in the past has had to deal with more cases with less money this must
be reversed.

Councils should be encouraged by grants to clamp down on illegal loan sharks.

The country as a whole needs a controlled immigration policy.

Many of our universities for example depend on the income they generate by
attracting overseas students. What people are telling me on the doorstep is
their concern over illegal immigration.

Now more than ever before we need a border force that is properly resourced and
has the powers to deal with this problem.

It would be madness to leave the EU and the effect it would have on jobs and the
economy,  but the EU needs reforming. This is better achieved as a member than a
bystander.

Since the war in 1945 successive governments have tried to build their way out
of  recession.

In short local councils are given no choice in the matter but given a number of
houses expected to be built in their area.

The Staffordshire Moorlands is no different. Most councillors, myself included,
would like to see previously used sites - brownfield - allocated, but for the
numbers these are not enough so greenfield sites have to be found.

The planning permissions granted can contain conditions about new roads and
assessments are carried out by the county council with regard to schools.

I am not happy with this situation and think government needs to rethink where
and what type of housing is needed and what it can do to make sure all
properties left empty are bought into the market.

You are right to point out the low wage economy in the Staffordshire Moorlands,
the highest rate in the whole of Staffordshire.

The key to this problem is in developing the skills demanded by employers in our
young people the success of apprenticeships under the coalition shows my parties
commitment to this.

At the same time we need to reverse the cuts in adult education to ensure
existing workers have the skills to apply for more highly paid employment.

One idea championed by myself on the district council is we should use the money
we make by selling industrial units to build many more for small business
start-ups and provide low interest loans to companies seeking to expand here.

Some years ago I campaigned alongside others to keep a specialist unit in the
Staffordshire Moorlands that tackled rural crime, to no effect sadly. This was a
mistake and should be reversed.

The rise in organised rural crime is very disturbing with rustling, poaching and
theft on almost industrial scales at times.

The Conservative Police Commissioner needs to use some of his money to provide a
specialist rural crimes section here in the Moorlands.

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2015 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved


                             919 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            April 3, 1985 Wednesday

Rents too low,   CMHC rejects   Cityhome loan

BYLINE: BEVERLY BOWEN; GAM

LENGTH: 580 words


By  BEVERLY BOWEN
 Canada Mortgage and Housing Corp. has rejected a loan for a planned City
 of Toronto housing project aimed at individuals of low to moderate income
 because the project's rents would be too low.

Officials at Toronto's Non- Profit Housing Corp. (Cityhome) had planned
 monthly rents ranging from $490 to $635 for an apartment building slated
 for Chestnut and Elizabeth streets, a prime downtown location.

CMHC, which wanted monthly rents of $600 to $800, turned down the
 city's application for a Government loan.

City officials say the Cityhome project, which was eligible for a
 federal loan of up to $2.3-million, was rejected because of pressure from
 private developers, who have now found themselves in competition with
 Cityhome for limited federal dollars.

Under the program - Canada- Ontario Rental Supply Plan - developers are
 given interest- free loans of up to $15,000 per unit to spur the
 construction of new housing.

Until last year, the grants in Toronto had been handed, almost
 exclusively, to private developers such as Tridel Construction Ltd. Last
 year, Cityhome applied for funds for the Chestnut-Elizabeth building and
 another project in the Danforth- Greenwood area, which was approved by
 CMHC.

Both projects include a mix of commercial and residential development
 and are to be built in partnership with private contractors.

The decision to reject the Cityhome project, which was made in
 consultation with the provincial Government, was based strictly on the low
 rents and not on the quality of the planned development, said Dino Chiesa,
 Toronto program manager for CMHC.

Mr. Chiesa said CMHC wanted top market rents for the 154-unit apartment
 building to protect against drastic rent increases in later years. He said
 CMHC had set specific rent targets to prevent earlier abuses of the
 program where developers used loans to build luxury rental housing.

George Cook, the city's commissioner of housing, dismissed Mr. Chiesa's
 argument. Mr. Cook pointed out that because the project is not under rent
 control, CMHC can only dictate the rents for a year.
    "Some of the private developers were not very happy that we were going
 after the money," Mr. Cook said.

Alderman Dorothy Thomas, who sits on the board of Cityhome, said CMHC
 could have shown some flexibility because the city would not be competing
 for the same tenants as nearby private developers.
    "We can't make a profit. Why would we jack up the rents to market
 rates? The whole decision is riddled with contradiction," Ms Thomas said.

CMHC's position is that the same rules should apply for the private and
 public sectors, Mr. Chiesa said. He admited, however, that private
 developers are sensitive about the city's new approach to building
 housing, particularly in the case of the Elizabeth-Chestnut development,
 where the city has the added advantage of free land.

The Elizabeth-Chestnut site, which includes a parking lot and the
 former location of a Chinese restaurant, Lichee Gardens, was wrested from
 Cadillac Fairview Corp. Ltd., in exchange for allowing the company an
 increased density for its Eaton Centre development.

Cityhome has now applied to the provincial Government for a loan under
 its convert-to-rent program, which provides developers with $7,000 per
 unit to remodel commercial buildings into housing stock. A spokesman for
 the province said that while the Cityhome project is a solid one, there is
 no guarantee it will receive a loan, because of the timing of the
 application.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1985 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             920 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           The Nikkei Weekly (Japan)

                                 April 1, 2002

Profits divide real estate market

LENGTH: 877 words

HIGHLIGHT:
Eleventh straight year of decline overshadows hikes in some areas


Land prices have begun to polarize, with buyers paying closer attention to
potential profitability and convenience of location. Even within the same area,
prices of some tracts are rising, while those of others are falling.

According to the report released last week by the Ministry of Land,
Infrastructure and Transport, average official land prices fell 5.9% last year
for the 11th straight annual decline.

The overall decline in land prices last year was larger than that in 2000, and
there is no turnaround in sight as economic structural reform, including the
transfer of production overseas, is putting downward pressure on prices.

Average residential land prices nationwide slipped 5.2% last year, while
commercial plots fell 8.3%. Residential prices are down 36% from their 1991 peak
to where they were in 1987, and commercial land prices are down 62% from 1991 to
their 1980 level.

In the three major metropolitan areas of Tokyo, Osaka and Nagoya, the average
residential property price is down 52.1% from its peak, while the commercial
property price is down 76.1%.

"Although an increasing number of areas in central Tokyo are showing flat or
higher land prices, most areas recorded a larger decline," the ministry's report
said.

Nagoya area prices fell by smaller margins in both 1999 and 2000, but the margin
grew again last year.

The margin of decline in the Osaka area rose to 11.3% last year, compared with
11% the previous year.

Rural decline

The closing of many plants and large stores over the past several years is
apparently behind the decline in land prices in rural areas last year, according
to some analysts.

In the Suwa district of Nagano Prefecture, where Sankyo Seiki Mfg. Co. decided
to shutter a factory, retailers began to close stores in anticipation that local
residents, many of whom worked at the plant, will reduce spending.

In the commercial district of Okaya, Nagano, where a department store is due to
close and a major supermarket has pulled out, land prices fell 11% last year.

The decline is hitting corporate finances as well. The rules of asset impairment
accounting, which is likely to be introduced in fiscal 2003, will require
companies to recognize losses on sharp drops in the value of fixed assets. If
land prices continue to fall, companies will have to take charges every time
they close their books, pressuring the finances of weaker firms.

Falling land prices will also make it harder for banks to get nonperforming
loans off their books, since the declining value of real estate collateral will
make loan recovery next to impossible. Furthermore, the declining value of land
assets owned by construction and other firms will create new nonperforming
loans.

The nation's banks held 37 trillion yen ($278 billion) in bad loans as of Sept.
30, according to the Financial Services Agency.

"Of that total, about 15 trillion yen is secured by land, meaning a 6% drop in
property prices would force banks to pad loan loss reserves by another 900
billion yen," said a senior analyst at Merrill Lynch Japan Securities Co.

Real estate collateral is ordinarily sold at auction, but the drop in land
prices means that in a majority of cases, property is sold for about 10% of the
collateral value estimated by the lender, according to a Tokyo real estate
appraiser.

Brand on the run

Ever since luxury French brand Hermes set up shop last June in the prestigious
Tokyo district of Ginza, the area has been transformed into a hot spot for
best-selling foreign brands. France's Cartier and Chanel have joined a long list
of rivals planning to open large outlets there.

When the owner of a property on Ginza's main thoroughfare began looking for a
tenant last summer, a number of overseas brand-name companies fought to secure
the space.

"The rent for a store on a well-situated property is 50% higher than two years
ago," said a manager at a major Japanese trading house.

Though land prices rose last year on only 14 of 246 commercial sites in central
Tokyo, compared to eight in 2000, demand is growing in areas that are
conveniently located and expected to pull in customers.

In Osaka, the decline in land prices is shrinking in an area near Midosuji where
redevelopment is forging ahead.

But such bright spots are few and far between. In Nihombashi, a district about
the same distance from Tokyo station as Ginza is, prices of many sites plunged
last year by more than 10% because redevelopment has been slow in coming and
many buildings are old.

Meanwhile, buyers are becoming more selective, even in residential zones.
Residential land prices rose in 2000 and 2001 in Tokyo's Minato Ward, where many
high-rise apartments and condominiums have been built.

In Shibuya Ward, residential land prices were flat from the year before after 13
years of decline.

The drop in residential land prices within central Tokyo's Yamanote loop line
was only 1.4%. "Residential land prices downtown have already bottomed out,"
said an official at a major real estate agency.

In the suburbs, however, the decline has grown larger. Particularly hard hit is
the Kisarazu region of Chiba Prefecture, where there was a great deal of housing
development during the go-go years of the bubble economy.

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2002 Nihon Keizai Shimbun, Inc.


                             921 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                             March 1, 2016 Tuesday

Budget 2016 gives massive push to affordable housing supply and construction
activity, seeks to spur demand

BYLINE: Ravi Teja Sharma & Sobia Khan

SECTION: REAL ESTATE

LENGTH: 696 words


NEW DELHI | BENGALURU: The budget announcement on allowing 100 per cent
deduction for profits to housing projects building homes up to 30 sq metres in
the four metro cities and 60 sq metres in other cities is likely to spur supply
of affordable homes, demand for which makes for almost 90 per cent of the demand
for homes in India.

"100 per cent deduction for profits to an undertaking in housing project for
flats upto 30 sq. metres in four metro cities and 60 sq. metres in other cities,
approved during June 2016 to March 2019 and completed in three years. MAT to
apply," finance minister Arun Jaitley announced in the budget today.

Builders and real estate experts say the exemption for affordable housing
projects would bring in a 15-20 per cent upside on profits after paying the MAT
tax for a real estate developer building such a project, making it easier for
the developer to attract foreign and domestic investment for housing projects.

In the budget, the FM also said that construction of affordable houses up to 60
square metres under any scheme of the Central or State Government including PPP
Schemes will be exempt from service tax.

First time home buyers will get deduction for additional interest of Rs 50,000
per annum for loans up to Rs 35 lakh sanctioned in 2016-17, where house cost
does not exceed Rs 50 lakh.

"This will push developers to redeploy money into building more affordable
housing. The FM has tried to address supply side concerns on the housing front.
This will bring in much greater supply, spur construction activity and
employment connected to it. Anyway 90 per cent of demand for housing is in this
segment," says Rajeev Talwar, chief executive officer of DLF.

Getamber Anand, national president of industry body Confederation of Real Estate
Developers' Associations of India (CREDAI) says the government has actually
understood that ease of doing business has to become reality to spruce up the
GDP.

"There has been a lot of rationalization of taxes. Small pain points of the real
estate industry like harassment by excise department on ready mix concrete being
manufactured on site for self use have been addressed," he says.

In his speech, Jaitley extended excise duty exemption, which is presently
available to concrete mix manufactured at site for use in construction work to
ready mix concrete as well.

The big challenge before the industry, Anand says, is to now lobby with states
to increase density norms to achieve 30 sq metres and 60 sq metres of housing.

In Haryana, for examples, the density norms are so low that you cannot do 30 sq
metres of housing at all.

"Supply of these kinds of homes cannot increase unless density norms area
changed and density is increased for housing projects," he explains.

Ashish Puravankara, managing director of Puravankara Projects says there is a
huge shortage of affordable homes across cities.

"The enhanced home loan interest deduction will further encourage buyers to
invest more in this segment. This will further encourage private participation
in affordable housing," he says.

Anand of CREDAI says the budget has put the onus on real estate developers to
finish houses within three years of start if they are to avail the exemption for
affordable homes. "This would also be a challenge for us in the absence of
single window clearance for project affordable," he says.

"The government's service tax exemption on houses less than 60 sq m, and the
additional exemption of Rs 50,000 for housing loans up to Rs 35 lakhs for homes
not above Rs 50 lakhs will both likely improve first-time home buyers'
sentiment," says Jason Kothari, CEO, Housing.com.

Shishir Baijal, managing director of property consultancy Knight Frank India
says the housing sector will get a push from both supply and demand side.

Baijal pointed out that the government's focus on digitization of land records
is in the right direction especially in the rural areas, which will render land
records free from encumbrances.

The budget has also increased the limit of deduction of rent paid under section
80GG from Rs 24,000 per annum to Rs 60,000, to provide relief to those who live
in rented houses.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: February 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             922 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                              July 5, 1999 Monday
                                  City Edition

"Empowerment' title means funds for tribe

BYLINE: DENISE ROSS Rapid City (S.D.) Journal

SECTION: A; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 619 words


PINE RIDGE -- It's not the kind of distinction a place would covet, but due to
the Pine Ridge Indian Reservation's high poverty rate -- even among Indian
reservations -- it was named one of five tribal "empowerment zones" by Congress
in January.

What that means is the tribe will get $20 million over 10 years to fund a plan
to spur economic development where unemployment is 73 percent. President Clinton
is scheduled to visit the reservation Wednesday to see one area that might be
helped by the empowerment zone programs.

"Within South Dakota, there were five applications for empowerment zones, and
nationally there were 160," said Dallas Tonsager, head of the U.S. Department of
Agriculture's Rural Development program in South Dakota. "Pine Ridge got the
designation because of the significant poverty levels -- there are serious,
serious problems -- and because they had a very good application."

The empowerment zone is named Oglala Oyate Woitancan, which means "the power of
the people." Other South Dakota applicants were the Cheyenne River Sioux Tribe,
the Rosebud Sioux Tribe, the Lower Brule Sioux Tribe and floodravaged Day
County.

None of the five rural empower ment zones has received any money yet, Tonager
said. The Oglala Sioux Tribe is assembling a 12-member board of directors, which
will include one member from each of the reservation's nine districts. In
addition, each district will have its own task force that will assist the "big
board" with the empowerment zone programs.

"This is a historic day for our people. Our future is in our hands," Tribal
Chairman Harold Salway wrote to tribal members recently. "Your children and
grandchildren can live better lives because of the district planning your
community does now."

A staff of three to five people will work with the board to achieve the goals
laid out in the tribe's 200-page application. Those goals include:

Creating 1,000 jobs by 2008.

Developing a Lakota Pride Shopping Center.

Preparing 35 potential homebuyers in each of the reservation's nine districts.

Organizing talking circles to strengthen families.

Training workers to run a manufacturing plant.

Within the 7,000-square-mile Pine Ridge reservation, Shannon County has a 73
percent unemployment rate and a 70 percent school dropout rate, according to the
White House Web site. The empowerment zone designation also gives the tribe
preferential treatment if it applies for other federal funds, Tonager said.

When the plan is put into motion, Rural Development staffers will monitor its
progress, Tonager said.

"It's a very wide-open program, but it does require communities to set out
goals," he said. "We require them to do a plan, and we keep them on track."

The Oglala Oyate Woitancan empowerment zone will be the second such area in
South Dakota. Four years ago, a 1,000-square-mile area in Spink and Beadle
counties was one of 30 places nationwide named an "enterprise community," which
earned it a $2.9 million federal grant. The enterprise community has a
population of 4,300 and includes the towns of Iroquois, Cavour, Yale, Tulare,
Doland and Frankfurt.

The community's executive director, Lori Hintz, said the group turned the $2.9
million into a revolving loan fund.

"We made ourselves self-sustainable. We run totally off our interest. Our
revolving loan fund is for business, rural development, housing and livestock
programs," Hintz said. "We are improving the quality of life more than we're
increasing the population."

Currently, most loan interest rates are between 5 percent and 6 percent, with
some as low as 1 percent, Hintz said. By the end of 1998, the group had awarded
127 loans, including 39 business loans, and parlayed its $2.9 million into $4.3
million, she said.

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 1999 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                             923 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                March 24, 1986, Monday, Late City Final Edition

STATES FORCED INTO LEAD ON HOUSING FOR POOR

BYLINE: By JOHN HERBERS, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 1, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 1723 words

DATELINE: LOUISVILLE, Ky.


In an old neighborhood here that has been plagued for decades by poverty and
abandonment, residents were surprised recently to see a cluster of new houses
for low-income families going up on Breckinridge Street.

More surprising was the discovery that the construction had been initiated by an
unexpected source: the State of Kentucky.

While the Federal Government and city governments in Kentucky have been active
for decades in efforts to restore urban slums, the state government, based in
the small city of Frankfort and historically attuned to the needs of rural and
suburban areas, had never taken the lead in trying to solve the problems of old
industrial cities.

Yet what is happening in low-income housing in this industrial city, with its
high concentration of urban poor, is typical of initiatives that state
governments are beginning to take in many areas, while the Federal role in
coping with such concerns has steadily declined in the 1980's. These include
industrial development, job training, health, welfare and the environment.

''In the last three years the states have emerged as new engines of innovation''
in many areas, say Denis P. Doyle and Terry W. Hartle, who have been tracking
state initiatives in education at the American Enterprise Institute, a private
research organization in Washington. ''They have been exercising leadership at a
time when the Federal Government has increasingly been paralyzed.''

In a recent study of the changes taking place, the Council of State Governments
said the initiatives had been fueled by the belief of almost all state officials
that Federal efforts would continue to decline and that many localities did not
have the resources to fill the gap left by Federal budget cuts.

U.S. Aid Wanes

Federal aid to state and local governments has been declining since 1978 and is
to be cut even more over the next three years under the new Federal
deficit-reducing law. President Reagan's budget proposal for the 1987 fiscal
year calls for a $16 billion cut in state and local aid, 19 percent of the
current amount.

Beyond this, officials say such programs as Social Security are expected to take
an increasingly larger share of domestic spending, leaving less and less for the
wide array of programs that can be cut from the budget.

The new initiatives are uneven and frequently tentative, the council said, but
states that have been known for many years for their dormancy are now searching
for new ways to meet the demands of citizens, regardless of whether new revenue
and new taxes are involved.

In dealing with housing, the states' collective efforts have not approached the
multibillion-dollar Federal role that reached its peak in the 1970's. But in
virtually every state there is new activity and commitment toward helping the
poor and those with marginal income to find homes they can afford.

Wealthier states are putting new money into the effort. New York, New Jersey,
Connecticut, Massachusetts and other states with a history of housing assistance
have increased their appropriations for housing, and California has earmarked
$20 million a year from offshore oil taxes for low-income housing.

Less wealthy states, like Kentucky, which have looked almost entirely to
Washington for funds for housing and community development, have been turning to
various devices and innovations to move their governments into the housing
assistance business.

Board Has Wide Latitude

Here, the new initiatives are almost all the work of the Kentucky Housing
Corporation. Its board of directors, appointed by the Governor, has wide
latitude in deciding how its resources will be used; it does not have to go to
the Legislature for approval.

''Our housing corporation,'' Gov. Martha Layne Collins said recently in noting
the decline of the Federal role in housing, ''is the most effective tool at hand
for providing decent, affordable housing for thousands of our citizens.''

Over the last year, the corporation's initiatives included these efforts:

* Establishing a housing trust fund that is expected to lend nearly $1 billion
at low interest to help low-income people buy homes.

* Awarding a $1.24 million grant to help pay the salaries of Vietnam veterans
hired by builders of low-income housing, a move designed both to find jobs for
veterans and to subsidize construction.

* Starting a program under which it initiates the construction of homes in
clusters of four to eight in urban neighborhoods. The program is based on a
belief that the cluster homes will not be so vulnerable to the surrounding
blight as homes standing alone and that their sale on the private market will
induce builders and real estate agents to return to inner-city areas.

* Beginning grants to help low-income elderly homeowners throughout the state
make repairs to save energy.

Loans at Low Interest Rates

These initiatives were in addition to the corporation's standard practice of
providing home loans at below-market interest rates to people throughout the
state with marginal incomes in much the same way the Federal Housing
Administration has operated nationally.

The recent surge of activity is an example of how state and local officials,
along with a large number of private groups, say they have achieved results in
ingenious ways without vast new outlays of money.

Many areas of Kentucky have fallen on hard times in the past few years because
of the loss of old industrial plants and a recession in coal mining after the
boom of the 1970's. Unemployment in Kentucky rose to 10.4 percent in January
while the average for the nation was 6.7 percent.

In submitting her budget to the Legislature in January, Governor Collins
proposed increases for education, prisons, health and tourism but not for
housing, even though she has acknowledged an increasing need in that area.

''There is not any money in the Legislature for housing,'' said F. Lynn Luallen,
executive director of the housing corporation. Because of this, he is looking to
the corporation's own resources to put its initiatives into operation.

Resources Seen as Substantial

For a capital-poor state like Kentucky, those resources are substantial and
growing. The corporation was founded on a modest scale in 1972, primarily to
supplement what the Federal Government was doing on a large scale in housing
loan subsidies and guarantees.

It made home loans from its sale of tax-free bonds, obtained at such a low cost
over the years (less than 3 percent) that it could charge below the market rate
for its loans and still make money. It now makes loans at rates ranging from
7.25 percent to 8.5 percent.

The corporation now has assets approaching $1 billion, a staff of 60 people and
a steady income from administering the Federal Government's rent subsidies for
low-income families throughout the state, subsidies the Government is committed
to make over a period of years even though it has virtually stopped making new
commitments.

One area in Louisville where the new homes are going up and where the
corporation is making loans for rehabilitating old buildings is the city's
California neighborhood. In decline for more than two decades, the neighborhood
consists of open spaces where houses once stood and of narrow, one-story
structures in various stages of decay or repair, some within the shadow of old
warehouses or distilleries.

Like similar neighborhoods in old industrial cities throughout the country, the
California neighborhood is home to the black underclass: welfare families, the
unemployed and those who work for marginal wages.

Progress Toward Rehabilitation

Kathi Whalen, director of the corporation's urban programs, said such
neighborhood nonprofit groups as New Directions had been working for years to
restore it as a place where people want to live and had made substantial
progress toward rehabilitation.

Yet the decay has persisted. On some blocks it is not uncommon to see a
beautifully restored house beside a dilapidated one. As in many cities
throughout the country, residents say it is hard to know which will prevail, the
spread of decay or the rehabilitation efforts.

Because people in Louisville honor tradition, Mrs. Whalen said, the new and
restored houses are made to resemble the old, even to their oblong shapes with
the narrow part facing the street. Such houses are common to inland river
cities, apparently because they were once taxed according to their front footage
rather than by the square foot.

Three of the new houses were built in a factory and brought to the site in
modules, but they have touches of Victorian gingerbread common at the turn of
the century, when the neighborhood was built.

Such considerations are important to making people want to stay in the
neighborhood after years of seeing others move out, Mrs. Whalen said. Because of
the subsidies, a three-bedroom house with skylights, carpets, dishwasher and
insulation, designed for working families with an annual income of about
$19,000, sells for $41,000 with mortgage payments of about $370 a month. The
rehabilitated homes, within the reach of welfare families, cost much less;
payments on a two-bedroom home, for example, are less than $175 a month.

State Has Some Advantages

Whether the state's efforts over the next few years will prove more successful
than Federal efforts in the past remains to be seen. But state officials say
they have certain advantages.

One is that the state, running smaller and simpler programs than the Federal
Government, is better able to work with the complex of city government,
neighborhood and private groups now operating in joint ventures in most poor
urban areas.

The board of the Kentucky corporation consists of seven state officials and
seven leaders of the real estate and development industry. As a result, Mr.
Luallen said, the corporation has been able to attract help from the private
sector. One example is the entry of homebuilders to the California neighborhood
for the first time in many years.

Nationally, the American Homebuilders Association recently urged its members to
become involved under state leadership in new construction in inner-city areas.

''There is a lot we can do,'' Mr. Luallen said. ''But we can't begin to meet the
need without some Federal assistance in the future.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: FIRST ARTICLE OF A SERIES TO APPEAR PERIODICALLY ON INNOVATIVE EFFORTS
BY STATES TO OFFSET FEDERAL BUDGET CUTS.

GRAPHIC: photo of Anthony and Audrey Phelps (NYT/Keith Willisams) (page A15)

TYPE: SERIES

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                             924 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Pretoria News (South Africa)

                            July 16, 2014 Wednesday
                                   E1 Edition

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 476 words


Marianne Merten

FIFTY mega housing projects of no less than 10 000 homes will kick-start the
delivery of 1.5 million housing opportunities over the next five years,
according to Human Settlements Minister Lindiwe Sisulu.

These mega projects, which bring all three spheres of government together, would
get underway in the next 100 days in a determined effort to tackle the housing
backlog of 2.3 million homes, the minister said ahead of her R29 billion budget
vote in Parliament yesterday [Thursday]..

Housing opportunities in these projects would be a mix of state-subsidised
homes, rental accommodation, serviced sites and so-called "gap homes" for those
earning too little to qualify for a bond and too much for a state-subsidised
house. National government would unlock land for these mega projects, provinces
provide services and local government to provide land, if available, and manage
the housing waiting lists. In addition, youth brigades would be established for
each such project to boost work opportunities and skills training.

"The waiting list requires us to do nothing less than that... We can't go into
30 years of our freedom with a huge backlog..." said Sisulu, adding also the
pressures of urbanisation required creative solutions to housing shortages.

But alongside housing deliver pledges, there will be a housing database to
prevent fraud and queue jumping and to reprioritise state housing for the
indigent, vulnerable and elderly, rather than the large numbers of 18-year-olds
who can currently be found on the waiting lists.

"There has been a lot of abuse making it difficult to understand if the backlog
of 2.3m households... is actually correct," Sisulu said, adding the emphasis
would also be on lawful owners of state-subsidised housing to receive their
title so they have an asset.

The minister also announced the N2 Gateway project, alongside the highway to the
Cape Town International Airport, would be taken over as a national project to
fast-track completion.

Other initiatives over the next year include a new programme for youth and women
empowerment in construction, with its own deputy director-general, the merging
of the rural housing loan fund into the National Housing Finance Corporation to
streamline housing financing and a housing summit.

Consultations with the private sector to restart social partnerships,
particularly for gap housing, as Sisulu said big employers would be encouraged
to provide assisted housing opportunities for their workers by, for example,
standing guarantor for mortgages.

With some 2 200 informal settlements across South Africa, Sisulu was
determinedly upbeat about housing provisioning and meeting the target of 1.5m
housing opportunities by 2019. "We believe this is within our range of
possibility," she said, adding that between 2004 and 2009 the state built 1.2m
housing opportunities.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PN


                Copyright 2014 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             925 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Evening Times (Glasgow)

                             April 7, 2015 Tuesday

AFFORDABLE TOWN AND COUNTRY STYLE

BYLINE: Jonathan Howells

SECTION: Pg. 29

LENGTH: 332 words


FIRST-time buyers and those looking for an affordable home in a semi-rural
setting could find it hard to improve on the properties and prices currently
available at Persimmon Homes' Dargavel South development in the popular
Renfrewshire village of Bishopton.

While the apartments are priced from £119,995, the house builder currently has
one one-bedroomed flat for sale at an incredible £104,995. Purchased with the
Scottish Government's Help to Buy (Scotland) shared equity scheme, this price
could mean a five per cent deposit of just £5,250 and a 75 per cent mortgage of
£78,747, leaving the remaining 20 per cent equity loan to be repaid,
interest-free, at any time during the life of the mortgage or when sold.

Dargavel is a planned new community on the edge of Bishopton, a long-established
village bordered by countryside yet only minutes away from the M8 and direct
access to Glasgow city centre, Greenock and Gourock and points in between,
including the airport. Bishopton also has a rail station and regular service in
both directions in addition to excellent local amenities and a lifestyle that
offers town and country benefits.

One of several house builders involved in bringing the Dargavel masterplan to
fruition, Persimmon Homes is unique in offering a mix of one and two-bedroomed
apartments, two and three-bedroomed terraced villas, and detached two and
three-bedroomed bungalows, a much-loved but seldom-built property style.

Two-bedroomed apartment styles start from £119,995, while two-bedroomed Portree
terraced villas are priced at £129,995.

Gillian Inglis, Persimmon's site sales advisor at Dargavel South, says: "Some of
the properties here are unique and have been designed just for this site. And
with a three-bedroomed Brodick terraced showhouse and a two-bedroomed Brook show
apartment scheduled to open shortly, buyers will be able to see for themselves
the remarkable value for money these homes represent."

Dargavel South is open Thursday to Monday from 11am until 6pm.

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ETI


                      Copyright 2015 Newsquest Media Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                             926 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


             National Post's Financial Post & FP Investing (Canada)

                            January 21, 2014 Tuesday
                                National Edition

The fab in prefab; Factory-built homes have exploded in popularity over the last
decade

BYLINE: Armina Ligaya, Financial Post

SECTION: FINANCIAL POST; Pg. FP1

LENGTH: 1117 words


After more than three decades in her Toronto bungalow amid growing mildew
problems in the 1940s-era home, Ruth Wiens decided it was time to start fresh.

She still loved her East York neighbourhood, so the IT professional decided to
demolish her existing house and build a two-storey, three-bedroom,
2,000-square-foot home from scratch.

But instead of hiring a builder to construct her new home, piece by piece, Ms.
Wiens ordered one from a factory, based on a design she saw in a magazine. She
didn't want the harsh Canadian weather to pummel the shell of her home during
construction, as her neighbours' new homes had been over the years.

Ms. Wiens wanted a house that was constructed indoors, under controlled
conditions.

"There would never be an unexpected rainstorm that just soaked everything," Ms.
Wiens said. "And having watched my neighbourhood over the years, I just thought,
there are alternatives. You don't have to be the lucky one that has the two
weeks of good weather."

Most new homes are built stick by stick, brick by brick, by a construction crew
on-site, but a growing number of Canadians are buying homes right off the
factory floor to be assembled on the lot within days.

However, the stigma of the earlier, shoddy iterations of these prefabricated or
modular homes still lingers and the Canadian construction industry is reluctant
to change, industry insiders say.

These factor y-built units accounted for 11% of all the singlefamily homes
started in 2012, up from roughly 3%-4% in 2000, according to Kathleen Maynard,
chief executive of the Canadian Manufactured Housing Institute (CMHI).

Last year, some 12,970 factory-built single family homes were started in 2012.
This ranges from modules which are put together on site, such as Ms. Wiens' home
by Royal Homes, to homes assembled from smaller factory-built components,
IKEA-style, or fully built homes.

This marks a drop of 10% from the year before, according to the CMHI, but the
decline was offset in part by an uptick in factory-built multifamily homes, such
as apartment buildings.

The factory-built home is gaining traction among Canadians as the construction
method is embraced by architects and as technology makes way for more innovative
designs on the factory floor, said Ms. Maynard.

"As technological advances introduced into factories allowed them to build
anything, that has enabled them to compete," she said.

Factory-built homes, or prefabricated homes are nothing new.

As far back as the 17th century, pre-engineered housing kits were being shipped
to North American East Coast ports, but it wasn't until the late 19th century
when readymade wood frame-houses were first being produced in Nova Scotia,
according to the Canada Mortgage and Housing Corporation. It was during the
Second World War that the factory-built housing era began, the crown corporation
said in the latest Canadian Housing Observer.

Homes needed to be built with as little material as possible in a bid to divert
the least amount of resources from the war effort. These factory-built houses
were later needed to meet the severe housing shortage when the troops returned
home, according to the CHMC.

That image of a prefabricated home as a shoddily built, boxy structure made of
poorquality components, even decades later, is still hard to shake.

"It's always been labelled as cheap," said Marc Bovet, founder of Bone
Structure, a Quebec-based company which produces homes that can be assembled
from several factory built-components without any nails. "It has always been
labelled in the U.S. as [for a] trailer park. It's the label that comes with it,
and that has to change."

This perception has evolved as prefabricated homes give site-built houses a run
for their money. The factory-built home of today comes in sleek and airy,
energy-efficient designs made of high-end materials and fixtures, he said. In a
factory, the company can produce precise, custom components for a more efficient
way of building, Mr. Bovet said.

"Compared to wood structure houses out there, we don't create any garbage... For
a 2,500 square foot house, the traditional home construction we have right now
in Canada is filling up five of those humongous garbage containers."

Also, architects are "embracing" industrialized building, says Pieter Venema,
president of Wingham, Ont.-based Royal Homes.

"It's got more of an upscale cachet to it," he said. "People are really
beginning to understand the concept and see the benefits of it. It's slow to
change but we do see it."

One major barrier is the construction industry's reluctance to change, says Mr.
Venema. Plus, homes built in the factory, as opposed to on site, means fewer
jobs for construction workers to the chagrin of some unions, he added. "The
industry is traditional, with strong unions and owners who prefer it that way,"
he said.

Geography is another big factor, as some regions of the country are more open
than others to purchasing an industrialized home.

About 75% of all factorybuilt, single detached homes were shipped to New
Brunswick, Nova Scotia, Alberta and Ontario.

However, in Ontario, factory-built homes are typically purchased in smaller
communities

and rural settings, rather than urban settings.

"Only in the last five years or so have they made in-roads into urban areas,"
Ms. Maynard said. "Before, it was more difficult to transport a great big house
into an existing neighbourhood."

Consumers in rural areas are more likely to be able to purchase a vacant lot,
which is difficult to do in established subdivisions, said Mr. Venema.

Industrialized homes are also popular among seniors and empty nesters looking
for a smaller house, according to the CMHC.

Another related factor in the growth - and limits to growth - for prefab homes
is the cost. Buying a custom home through Royal Homes, depending on the model
and interior finishings, can cost about $175-to-$185 per square foot, or roughly
$259,000 for a 1,400-square-foot house, without the lot. A home with Bone
Structure can cost $250 per square foot, or $350,000 for a 1,400-square-foot
home without the lot.

That's compared to the average purchase price of a home across Canada of
$389,199 in December, according to the latest figures from Ottawa-based Canadian
Real Estate Association. Whether a modular home is more affordable depends on
the bells and whistles, and location.

Mr. Pieter says their custom-built modular homes are "very competitive."

"Our solution is not a cheaper option, it's not a more expensive option," he
said. "If you go to a subdivision builder, it's probably cheaper. But you're
getting a house that's not customized, and usually not to the same spec as well.
It's just a different type of product."

aligaya@nationalpost.com

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Darren Calabrese, National Post; Workers construct a Bone Structure
model home in Erin, Ont. Factory-built homes are gaining traction in Canada.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2014 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             927 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           Aberdeen Press and Journal

                               September 18, 2003

Call For Jobs To Be Linked To Housing In Remote Areas

BYLINE: Peter MacAulay

SECTION: News; Other; Others; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 457 words


The biggest private-sector employer in Wester Ross has called for local
employment links to be a major factor in the allocation of affordable housing.
Mark Pattinson, chairman of Kishorn-based fish farming company Kinlochdamph
Ltd., said a supply of houses at reasonable prices was essential if the area is
to be capable of attracting investment.

Housing has for years been a critical issue on the west coast, with some key
workers having to live in caravans or other temporary accommodation.

Albyn Housing Society is currently building on sites at Applecross, Shieldaig
and Torridon in Wester Ross and at Stoer, near Lochinver.  Future projects
include houses at Achintraid, Kinlochewe, Gairloch and Aultbea.

Some houses are available for rent, while serviced plots will be sold so that
those who buy can build to their own design with favourable grants and loans.

Applications for the tenancy of six houses at Shieldaig close on Saturday, with
a decision on allocation expected before the end of the month.  It is thought
that demand will far exceed supply.

Mr Pattinson, whose company has a full-time workforce of around 50, said the
high cost of housing was detrimental to their policy of building a business with
young people at its core.

"The average age here is 24 and we're delighted with the number of people who've
stayed with us these past 18 years," he said.

"Initially they live with their parents, but that's unsustainable in the long
term for obvious reasons. They need their own homes, but the fact is they can't
afford to buy houses locally." He added: "People want to retire to these lovely
parts at an earlier age than ever and the locals can't compete with them in the
housing market.

"We pay good wages, but we can't pay exorbitant wages and we certainly can't
compete with money from the south. So when it comes to housing, our only hope is
that due consideration is given to those who work in this area and contribute to
the wealth of the community." Local community councils agree that employment
considerations ought to be given high priority in the allocation of houses.

However it is not the only priority, with unsuitable housing (caravans) and
insecure housing (holiday let accommodation) also on the list of priorities
drawn up by Shieldaig Community Council.

Although a local lettings initiative gives communities a voice in the process,
the allocation of houses is an issue solely for Albyn Housing.

Their spokesman said: "We've identified a system that gives priority to local
connections.  There's a range of criteria and it's not a free-for-all.  We have
to operate with a very close eye on fairness, accountability and the law,
obviously. We always take local views on board."

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2003

LANGUAGE: English

                   Copyright 2003 Aberdeen Press and Journal


                             928 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 23, 2013 Friday

Single Family Housing Direct Loan Program

LENGTH: 5707  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:

Action

Proposed Rule And Information Collection; Request For Comments.
Summary

Through this action, the Rural Housing Service (RHS) is proposing to amend its
regulations for the section 502 direct single family housing loan program to
create a certified loan application packaging process for eligible loan
application packagers. Loan application packagers, who are separate and
independent from the Agency, provide an optional service to parties seeking
mortgage loans by helping them navigate the loan application process. Currently,
packagers assisting parties applying for section 502 direct loans do so under an
informal arrangement, which is free from Agency oversight or minimum competency
standards. This proposed rule will impose experience, training, proficiency, and
structure requirements on eligible service providers. This proposed rule also
regulates the packaging fee that will be allowed under this process.

By establishing a vast network of competent, experienced, and committed
Agency-certified packagers, this action is intended to benefit low- and very
low-income people who wish to achieve homeownership in rural areas by increasing
their awareness of the Agency's housing program, increasing specialized support
available to them to complete the application for assistance, and improving the
quality of loan application packages submitted on their behalf.
Unified Agenda
Loan Packager Certification

1 action from July 2013

July 2013
        NPRM


Table of Contents Back to Top

DATES:
    ADDRESSES:
    FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT:
    SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:
    Statutory Authority
    Executive Order 12866
    Regulatory Impact Analysis Summary
    Executive Order 12988, Civil Justice Reform
    Unfunded Mandates Reform Act
    Environmental Impact Statement
    Executive Order 13132, Federalism
    Regulatory Flexibility Act
    Executive Order 12372, Intergovernmental Review of Federal Programs
    Executive Order 13175, Consultation and Coordination With Indian Tribal
Governments
    Programs Affected
    Paperwork Reduction Act
    E-Government Act Compliance
    I. Background
    II. Section-by-Section Discussion of Changes
    A. Definitions (7 CFR 3550.10)
    B. Certified Loan Application Packaging Process (7 CFR 3550.75)
    C. Packaging Fee Provisions (7 CFR 3550.52(d)(6))
    Solicitation of Comments
    List of Subjects in 7 CFR Part 3550
    PART 3550--DIRECT SINGLE FAMILY HOUSING LOANS AND GRANTS

DATES: Back to Top

Comments on the proposed rule and the information collection under the Paperwork
Reduction Act of 1995 must be received on or before October 22, 2013.
ADDRESSES: Back to Top

You may submit comments to this rule by any of the following methods:

Federal eRulemaking Portal: http://www.regulations.gov. Follow the instructions
for submitting comments.
    Mail: Submit written comments via the U.S. Postal Service to the Branch
Chief, Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, U.S. Department of
Agriculture, STOP 0742, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-0742.

    Hand Delivery/Courier: Submit written comments via Federal Express Mail or
another mail courier service requiring a street address to the Branch Chief,
Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, U.S. Department of Agriculture, 300
7th Street SW., 7th Floor, Suite 701, Washington, DC 20024.

All written comments will be available for public inspection during regular work
hours at the 300 7th Street SW., address listed above.
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Back to Top

Brooke Baumann, Finance and Loan Analyst, Single Family Housing Direct Loan
Division, USDA Rural Development, Stop 0783, 1400 Independence Avenue SW.,
Washington, DC 20250-0783, Telephone: 202-690-4250. Email:
brooke.baumann@wdc.usda.gov
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Back to Top
Statutory Authority Back to Top

Title V, Section 1480(k) of the Housing Act authorizes the Secretary of
Agriculture to promulgate rules and regulations as deemed necessary to carry out
the purpose of that title.
Executive Order 12866 Back to Top

The Office of Management and Budget (OMB) has designated this rule as
significant under Executive Order 12866 and, therefore, OMB has reviewed this
proposed rule. A regulatory impact analysis of this rule is summarized below and
is available from www.regulations.gov.
Regulatory Impact Analysis Summary Back to Top

In accordance with this EO, the Agency identified and compared the costs and
benefits associated with creating a certified loan application packaging process
from the borrower's perspective and from the Agency's perspective.

The analysis concluded that for borrowers that elect to submit an application
through the certified loan application packaging process, their increased loan
costs are more than offset by the benefits they will ultimately experience
(largely being made aware of an affordable homeownership program that they may
not have otherwise heard of and having a knowledgeable and committed packager
hold their hand through the entire application process). The packaging fee will
translate to an increase in the borrower's monthly mortgage payment of up to
$6.09 (based on the full note rate in effect during December of 2012 and
standard terms). Because many borrowers receive the maximum payment assistance
allowed, the increase they will actually see in their monthly billing statements
is up to $4.46 (based on an effective interest rate of one percent and standard
terms).

For the Agency, using loan funds to finance the packaging fee (provided the
borrower has repayment ability for this additional cost and the total secured
indebtedness is within the limit outlined in § 3550.63) is highly beneficial
from a salaries and time savings standpoint as well as from a marketing and
transportation standpoint. Implementing this proposed rule will save the Agency
approximately $1.5 million in salaries and expenses per fiscal year in
comparison to maintaining the status quo.
Executive Order 12988, Civil Justice Reform Back to Top

This rule has been reviewed under Executive Order 12988, Civil Justice Reform.
Except where specified, all State and local laws and regulations that are in
direct conflict with this rule will be preempted. Federal funds carry Federal
requirements. No person is required to apply for funding under this program, but
if they do apply and are selected for funding, they must comply with the
requirements applicable to the Federal program funds. This rule is not
retroactive. It will not affect agreements entered into prior to the effective
date of the rule. Before any judicial action may be brought regarding the
provisions of this rule, the administrative appeal provisions of 7 CFR part 11
must be exhausted.
Unfunded Mandates Reform Act Back to Top

Title II of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995 (UMRA), Public Law 104-4,
establishes requirements for Federal agencies to assess the effect of their
regulatory actions on State, local, and tribal governments and the private
sector. Under section 202 of the UMRA, the Agency generally must prepare a
written statement, including a cost-benefit analysis, for proposed and final
rules with "Federal mandates" that may result in expenditures to State, local,
or tribal governments, in the aggregate, or to the private sector, of $100
million, or more, in any one year. When such a statement is needed for a rule,
section 205 of the UMRA generally requires the Agency to identify and consider a
reasonable number of regulatory alternatives and adopt the least costly, most
cost-effective, or least burdensome alternative that achieves the objectives of
the rule.

This proposed rule contains no Federal mandates (under the regulatory provisions
of Title II of the UMRA) for State, local, and tribal governments or the private
sector. Therefore, this rule is not subject to the requirements of sections 202
and 205 of the UMRA.
Environmental Impact Statement Back to Top

This document has been reviewed in accordance with 7 CFR part 1940, subpart G,
"Environmental Program." It is the determination of the Agency that this action
does not constitute a major Federal action significantly affecting the quality
of the human environment, and, in accordance with the National Environmental
Policy Act of 1969, 91, neither an Environmental Assessment nor an Environmental
Impact Statement is required.
Executive Order 13132, Federalism Back to Top

The policies contained in this rule do not have any substantial direct effect on
States, on the relationship between the national government and States, or on
the distribution of power and responsibilities among the various levels of
government. Nor does this rule impose substantial direct compliance costs on
State and local governments. Therefore, consultation with the States is not
required.
Regulatory Flexibility Act Back to Top

In compliance with the Regulatory Flexibility Act (5 U.S.C. 601 et seq.) the
undersigned has determined and certified by signature of this document that this
rule, while affecting small entities, will not have an adverse economic impact
on small entities. The Agency made this determination based on the fact that
this regulation only impacts those who choose to participate in the certified
loan application packaging process. Small entities engaged in this process will
not be affected to a greater extent than large entities engaged in this process.

Executive Order 12372, Intergovernmental Review of Federal Programs Back to Top

This program/activity is not subject to the provisions of Executive Order 12372,
which require intergovernmental consultation with State and local officials.
(See the Notice related to 7 CFR part 3015, subpart V, at 48 FR 29112, June 24,
1983; 49 FR 22675, May 31, 1984; 50 FR 14088, April 10, 1985).
Executive Order 13175, Consultation and Coordination With Indian Tribal
Governments Back to Top

This executive order imposes requirements on Rural Development in the
development of regulatory policies that have tribal implications or preempt
tribal laws. Rural Development has determined that the proposed rule does not
have a substantial direct effect on one or more Indian tribe(s) or on either the
relationship or the distribution of powers and responsibilities between the
Federal Government and the Indian tribes. Thus, this proposed rule is not
subject to the requirements of Executive Order 13175.
Programs Affected Back to Top

This program is listed in the Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance under
Number 10.410, Very Low to Moderate Income Housing Loans (Section 502 Rural
Housing Loans).
Paperwork Reduction Act Back to Top

In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) of 1995 (44 U.S.C. 3501 et
seq.), RHS is requesting comments from all interested individuals and
organizations on information collection activities related to the regulatory
changes in this proposed rule. The new information collection request is subject
to review and approval by OMB.

Title: Single Family Housing Direct Loan Program.

OMB Control Number: 0575-New. Upon OMB approval, this package will merge with
OMB No. 0575-0172.

Type of Request: New Collection.

Abstract: Under this proposed rule, qualified employers that employ individuals
seeking or who have been designated as an Agency-certified loan application
packagers will be required to provide monthly reports to the Agency outlining
the packaging activities of their packager(s); this monthly report will include
certifications that they and their packager(s) are not debarred from
participating in Federal programs and are in compliance with the Secure and Fair
Enforcement Mortgage Licensing Act of 2008 (SAFE Act) as well as all applicable
laws, regulations, and Executive Orders. This burden will fall upon the
Agency-approved intermediaries when present.

Estimate of Burden: Public reporting burden for this collection of information
is estimated to average 1.5 hours per response.

Respondents: Qualified employers or Agency-approved intermediaries.

Estimated Number of Respondents: 350.

Estimated Number of Responses per Respondent: 12.

Estimated Total Annual Burden on Respondents: 6,300 hours.

Comments are invited on: (1) Whether the proposed collection of information is
necessary for the proper performance of the functions of the Agency, including
whether the information will have practical utility; (2) the accuracy of the
Agency's estimate of the burden of the proposed collection of information,
including the validity of the methodology and assumptions used; (3) the quality,
utility, and clarity of the information to be collected; and (4) ways to
minimize the burden of the collection of information on those who are to
respond, including through the use of appropriate automated, electronic,
mechanical, or other technological collection techniques or other forms of
information technology. Comments may be sent to Jeanne Jacobs, Regulations and
Paperwork Management Branch, Support Services Division, U.S. Department of
Agriculture, Rural Development, Stop 0742, 1400 Independence Ave. SW.,
Washington, DC 20250-0742. All responses to this proposed rule will be
summarized and included in the request for OMB approval. All comments will also
become a matter of public record.
E-Government Act Compliance Back to Top

The Rural Housing Service is committed to complying with the E-Government Act,
44 U.S.C. 3601 et. seq., to promote the use of the Internet and other
information technologies to provide increased opportunities for citizen access
to Government information and services, and for other purposes.
I. Background Back to Top

The section 502 direct single family housing loan program provides subsidized
mortgage loans for modest homes in rural areas to primarily first-time
homebuyers who are low- and very low-income. While loan approval and
underwriting are strictly functions of the Agency staff, the Agency's nonprofit
partners often play a role in educating potential homebuyers in homeownership
and in originating section 502 loans.

Loan application packaging is not new to the program. Loan application packagers
play an important role in increasing awareness of the section 502 program among
potential homeowners and provide a valuable service to potential homeowners. As
it stands today, however, the packaging process is an informal arrangement and
the packagers' level of program knowledge and expertise, as well as their level
of service, is inconsistent.

In Fiscal Year 2010, the Agency undertook a pilot program to evaluate how the
loan application packaging process could be improved. This pilot program
introduced the use of intermediaries in the packaging process. The five
intermediaries in the pilot program are nonprofits whose mission is to serve
low-income people in rural communities with an emphasis on affordable housing.
The intermediaries reach out to other nonprofits to serve as packagers, ensure
those packagers are qualified and trained, perform quality assurance reviews to
prevent the submission of incomplete or ineligible loan application packages to
the Agency, and serve as a liaison between the Agency and the packager.

Under this pilot, the Agency observed that the use of loan application packagers
who have successfully completed an Agency-approved packaging course and who
submit loan packages through an intermediary can shorten the Agency's processing
time of loan applications (the days between the date of application and date of
loan closing) by approximately 34 percent. The Agency also observed that staff
time was freed to focus on other responsibilities because (1) pre-screening,
counseling, application origination, and document preparation were completed by
the qualified and trained loan application packagers and (2) the intermediaries
checked the completeness and viability of the loan application package before
submission to the Agency.

To integrate the successes and lessons from the pilot program, the Agency
proposes to create a certified loan application packaging process. The structure
and requirements outlined for this process are similar to those used in the
pilot program. Persons interested in applying for a section 502 loan may, but
are not required to, engage the service offered under this process.
II. Section-by-Section Discussion of Changes Back to Top
A. Definitions (7 CFR 3550.10)

Definitions for an Agency-approved intermediary, an Agency-certified loan
application packager, a qualified employer, and the national average area loan
limit were added.
B. Certified Loan Application Packaging Process (7 CFR 3550.75)

The process includes (1) the requirements for individuals seeking or who have
been designated as an Agency-certified loan application packager, (2) the
requirements for their qualified employers, and (3) the requirements for
Agency-approved intermediaries. The use of an intermediary is at the qualified
employer's discretion once all of their packagers on staff have the designation
as an Agency-certified loan application packager. Under this process, the groups
must maintain clear separation of duties.

1. Agency-certified loan application packagers. To obtain RHS certification as a
loan application packager, an individual must: (1) Have at least one year of
real estate and/or mortgage experience, (2) be employed by a qualified employer,
(3) successfully complete an Agency-approved loan application packaging course,
and (4) demonstrate their packaging proficiencies. Proficiency standards will be
outlined by the Agency in the Direct Single Family Housing Loans and
Grants--Field Office Handbook (Handbook-1-3550) or its successor. The standards
will take into account the program's current and projected funding levels, which
will impact the activity levels of the Agency-certified packagers.

The designation as an Agency-certified loan application packager is portable;
that is, the certified packager can go work for another qualified employer and
maintain the benefits of being a certified packager. The designation cannot be
used, however, while the individual is not employed by a qualified employer. The
designation is subject to revocation for nonperformance, violation of pertinent
rules and laws (including civil rights), or failure to submit any viable
packaged loan applications to the Agency in any consecutive 12-month period.

2. Qualified employers. Individuals seeking or who have been designated as an
Agency-certified loan application packager must be employed by a qualified
employer. A qualified employer must (1) be a nonprofit organization or other
public agency, (2) be tax exempt under the Internal Revenue Code and be engaged
in affordable housing, (3) have at least three years of experience with the
Agency's direct single family housing loan programs, (4) agree to report on the
packaging activities of their packagers, and (5) prepare an affirmative fair
housing marketing plan for Agency approval.

3. Agency-approved intermediaries. An Agency-approved intermediary must (1) be a
nonprofit organization or other public agency, (2) be tax exempt under the
Internal Revenue Code and be engaged in affordable housing, (3) have at least
five years of experience with the Agency's direct single family housing loan
programs, (4) develop quality control procedures designed to prevent submission
of incomplete or ineligible loan application packages to the Agency, (5) ensure
that their quality assurance staff successfully complete an Agency-approved loan
application packaging course to confirm that their individual competency level
reflects the organization's years of experience with the Agency, and (6) not
have any financial interest in the subject property.
C. Packaging Fee Provisions (7 CFR 3550.52(d)(6))

Under the certified loan application packaging process, the packaging fee will
be no more than two percent of the national average area loan limit as
determined by the Agency and may be limited further by the Agency in the Direct
Single Family Housing Loans and Grants--Field Office Handbook (Handbook-1-3550)
or its successor. The packaging fee will reflect the responsibilities placed on
individuals seeking or who have been designated as an Agency-certified loan
application packager, their qualified employers, and Agency-approved
intermediaries.

The following supplemental guidance regarding the packaging fee associated with
the certified loan application packaging process will be placed in
Handbook-1-3550 once the final rule is published:

Initially, the Agency will limit the fee to up to $1,500 if an Agency-approved
intermediary is involved in the process. If an intermediary is not involved, the
fee will be limited to up to $1,000.
    Only a single fee can be charged at loan closing. The Agency will not
dictate who charges that single fee or how that single fee is subsequently
divided among the Agency-certified packager, qualified employer, and
Agency-approved intermediary.
    Agency financing of the packaging fee is dependent on the borrower's
repayment ability and the total secured indebtedness limitation outlined in 7
CFR 3550.63. If all or part of the fee cannot be financed by the Agency, proof
that that portion of the fee will be covered without adversely affecting the
applicant's qualification must be submitted to the Agency.
    Packaging fees are not permitted for loans involving the purchase of an RHS
Real Estate Owned property or loans under the Mutual Self-Help Housing program
since Self-Help Grantees receive Section 523 grant funds to (in part) recruit
families and provide assistance in the preparation of their loan applications.
    Individuals and entities that do not meet the requirements of 7 CFR 3550.75
may package a section 502 loan application on behalf of an applicant, but any
fee charged is not an allowable loan purpose and proof that the fee will be
covered without adversely affecting the applicant's qualification must be
submitted to the Agency.

Solicitation of Comments

While the Agency welcomes comments on all aspects of this proposed rule,
comments on the topics listed below are particularly being sought. When
providing a comment, please provide the rational for the comment as well as any
data or information to support the comment, if possible.

The inclusion of intermediaries in the certified loan application packaging
process; whether intermediaries would play a critical role in improving the
quality of loan application packaging; whether the regulations should specify
additional qualifying requirements for the intermediaries and what those
requirements should be; how the Agency should handle the process of approving
intermediaries; and how the coverage area for intermediaries should be handled
(county, region, state, multiple states, etc.).
    Whether the funding priorities outlined in 7 CFR 3550.55(c) should be
revised to consider applications received by the Agency through the certified
loan application packaging process as a fourth priority item. Currently, first
priority is given to existing customers who request subsequent loans to correct
health and safety hazards; second priority is given to loans for the sale of
real estate owned properties or transfers of existing Agency-financed
properties; third priority is given to applicants facing housing related
hardships; fourth priority is given to loans for homes involved in
Agency-approved self-help projects or loans that include leveraging funds from
other sources; and fifth priority is given to all other applicants.
    Whether limiting qualified employers and intermediaries to non-profit
entities would provide better protection to borrowers and the government or
increase the packaging fees by limiting competition.

List of Subjects in 7 CFR Part 3550 Back to Top

Administrative practice and procedure
    Conflict of interests
    Environmental impact statements
    Equal credit opportunity
    Fair housing
    Accounting
    Housing
    Loan programs--housing and community development
    Low and moderate income housing
    Manufactured homes
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements
    Rural areas
    Subsidies

For the reasons stated in the preamble, chapter XXXV, Title 7 of the Code of
Federal Regulations, is proposed to be amended as follows:
begin regulatory text
PART 3550--DIRECT SINGLE FAMILY HOUSING LOANS AND GRANTS Back to Top

1.The authority citation for part 3550 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 42 U.S.C. 1480.

2.Amend § 3550.10 by adding definitions for "Agency-approved intermediary,"
"Agency-certified loan application packager," "National average area loan
limit," and "Qualified employer" in alphabetical order to read as follows:
§ 3550.10 Definitions.

* * * * *

Agency-approved intermediary. An affordable housing nonprofit approved by RHS to
perform quality assurance reviews and monitoring activities on individuals
seeking or who have been designated as an Agency-certified loan application
packager and their qualified employers. See § 3550.75 for further details.

Agency-certified loan application packager. An individual certified by RHS under
this subpart to package section 502 loan applications while employed by a
qualified employer. See § 3550.75 for further details.

* * * * *

National average area loan limit. Across the nation, the average area loan limit
as specified in § 3550.63(a). The national average is considered when
determining the maximum packaging fee permitted under the certified loan
application packaging process under the section 502 program.

* * * * *

Qualified employer. A nonprofit organization or public agency that meets the
requirements outlined in § 3550.75(b)(2) and is involved in the certified loan
application packaging process under the section 502 program.

* * * * *

3.Amend § 3550.52 by revising paragraph (d)(6) to read as follows:
§ 3550.52 Loan purposes.

* * * * *

(d) * * *

(6) For section 502 loans, packaging fees resulting from the certified loan
application packaging process outlined in § 3550.75. The fee may not exceed two
percent of the national average area loan limit as determined by the Agency and
may be limited further in the Direct Single Family Housing Loans and
Grants--Field Office Handbook (Handbook-1-3550) or its successor. For section
504 loans, loan application packaging fees to public and private nonprofit
organizations that are tax exempt under the Internal Revenue Code. See
Handbook-1-3550 or its successor for fee limitations.

* * * * *

4.Add § 3550.75 to read as follows:
§ 3550.75 Certified loan application packaging process.

Persons interested in applying for a section 502 loan may, but are not required
to, submit an application through the certified loan application packaging
process.

(a) General. The certified loan application packaging process involves
individuals seeking or who have been designated as an Agency-certified loan
application packager, their qualified employers, and, at least initially,
Agency-approved intermediaries. Once all of their packagers on staff have the
designation as an Agency-certified loan application packager, the use of an
intermediary is at the qualified employer's discretion.

(b) Process requirements. To package section 502 loan applications under this
process, each of the following conditions must be met:

(1) Agency-certified loan application packager. An individual seeking to acquire
RHS certification as a loan application packager must meet all of the following
conditions:

(i) Have at least one year of real estate and/or mortgage experience;

(ii) Be employed by a qualified employer as outlined in paragraph (b)(2) of this
section;

(iii) Complete an Agency-approved loan application packaging course and
successfully pass the corresponding test as specified in paragraph (c) of this
section; and

(iv) Demonstrate their loan application packaging proficiencies. Proficiency
standards will be outlined by the Agency in the Direct Single Family Housing
Loans and Grants--Field Office Handbook (Handbook-1-3550) or its successor.

(2) Qualified employer. Individuals seeking or who have been designated as an
Agency-certified loan application packager must be employed by a qualified
employer. To be considered a qualified employer, the packager's employer must
meet or perform, as applicable, each of the conditions specified in paragraphs
(b)(2)(i) through (b))(2)(vi) of this section.

(i) Be a nonprofit organization or public agency.

(ii) Be tax exempt under the Internal Revenue Code and be engaged in affordable
housing per their regulations, articles of incorporation, or bylaws.

(iii) Have at least three years of verifiable experience with the Agency's
direct single family housing loan programs. Experience with the programs is
largely determined by the number of years the entity has been partnering with
the Agency to provide supplemental financing, assistance, and/or services to
direct loan borrowers.

(iv) Agree to prepare and submit a monthly report to the Agency outlining the
loan application packaging activities of their packager(s). This monthly report
must include certifications that they and their packager(s) are not debarred
from participating in Federal programs and are in compliance with applicable
laws and regulations, including the Secure and Fair Enforcement Mortgage
Licensing Act of 2008 (SAFE Act). This report must be submitted through the
Agency-approved intermediary when present.

(v) Notify the Agency-approved intermediary, Agency, and the applicant if they
or their packager(s) are the developer, builder, seller of, or have any other
such financial interest in, the property for which the application package is
submitted.

(vi) Prepare an affirmative fair housing marketing plan for Agency approval as
outlined in RD Instruction 1901-E (or in any superseding guidance provided in
the impending RD Instruction 1940-D).

(3) Agency-approved intermediaries. To be Agency-approved, the intermediary must
meet each of the following conditions:

(i) Be a nonprofit organization or other public agency;

(ii) Be tax exempt under the Internal Revenue Code and be engaged in affordable
housing in accordance with their regulations, articles of incorporation, or
bylaws;

(iii) Have at least five years of verifiable experience with the Agency's direct
single family housing loan programs;

(iv) Develop quality control procedures designed to prevent submission of
incomplete or ineligible application packages to the Agency;

(v) Ensure that their quality assurance staff complete an Agency-approved loan
application packaging course and successfully pass the corresponding test; and

(vi) Not be the developer, builder, seller of, or have any other such financial
interest in, the property for which the application package is submitted.

(c) Loan application packaging courses. Prospective loan application packagers
and the intermediaries' quality assurance staff must successfully complete an
Agency-approved course that covers the material identified in paragraph (c)(1)
of this section. Prospective intermediaries must also successfully complete an
Agency-approved course as specified in paragraph (c)(2) of this section.

(1) Loan application packagers. At a minimum, the certification course for
individuals seeking to become certified packagers will be a three-day classroom
session that provides:

(i) An overview of the section 502 direct single family housing loan program and
the regulations and laws that govern the program (including civil rights lending
laws such as the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, Fair Housing Act, and Section 504
of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973);

(ii) A detailed discussion on the program's application process and
borrower/property eligibility requirements;

(iii) An examination of the Agency's loan underwriting process which includes
the use of payment subsidies; and

(iv) The roles and responsibilities of a loan application packager and the
Agency staff.

(2) Intermediaries. The required course for an intermediary's quality assurance
staff will cover the components described in paragraph (c)(1) of this section.

(3) Non-Agency trainers. Prior to offering the packager or intermediary course,
non-Agency trainers must obtain approval from designated Agency staff.
Non-Agency trainers, who will be limited to housing nonprofit organizations,
must provide proof of relevant experience and resources for delivery; present
evidence that their individual trainers are competent and knowledgeable on all
subject areas; submit course materials for Agency review; agree to maintain
attendance records, test results, and course materials; and bear the cost of
providing the training. The course schedule must be approved by RHS and each
session will be attended by a designated Agency staff member. A list of eligible
non-Agency trainers will be published on the Agency's Web site as an attachment
to Handbook-1-3550 or its successor (http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/Handbooks.html).

(d) Confidentiality. The Agency-certified loan application packager, qualified
employer, Agency-approved intermediary and their agents must safeguard each
applicant's personal and financial information.

(e) Retaining designation. The Agency will meet with the Agency-certified loan
application packager, their qualified employer, and Agency-approved intermediary
(if applicable) at least annually to maintain open lines of communication;
discuss their packaging activities; identify and resolve deficiencies in the
packaging process; and stipulate any training requirements for retaining
designation (including civil rights refresher training).

(f) Revocation. The designation as an Agency-certified loan application packager
or Agency-approved intermediary is subject to revocation by the Agency under any
of the following conditions:

(1) The rate of packaged loan applications that receive RHS approval is below
the acceptable limit published as an attachment to Handbook-1-3550 or its
successor, available at http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/Handbooks.html);

(2) Violation of pertinent rules and laws; or

(3) No viable packaged loan applications are submitted to the Agency in any
consecutive 12-month period.
end regulatory text

Dated: July 24, 2013.

Dominique McCoy,

Acting Administrator, Rural Housing Service.

For more information please visit: https://www.federalregister.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             929 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 23, 2013 Friday

Single Family Housing Direct Loan Program

LENGTH: 5707  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:

Action

Proposed Rule And Information Collection; Request For Comments.
Summary

Through this action, the Rural Housing Service (RHS) is proposing to amend its
regulations for the section 502 direct single family housing loan program to
create a certified loan application packaging process for eligible loan
application packagers. Loan application packagers, who are separate and
independent from the Agency, provide an optional service to parties seeking
mortgage loans by helping them navigate the loan application process. Currently,
packagers assisting parties applying for section 502 direct loans do so under an
informal arrangement, which is free from Agency oversight or minimum competency
standards. This proposed rule will impose experience, training, proficiency, and
structure requirements on eligible service providers. This proposed rule also
regulates the packaging fee that will be allowed under this process.

By establishing a vast network of competent, experienced, and committed
Agency-certified packagers, this action is intended to benefit low- and very
low-income people who wish to achieve homeownership in rural areas by increasing
their awareness of the Agency's housing program, increasing specialized support
available to them to complete the application for assistance, and improving the
quality of loan application packages submitted on their behalf.
Unified Agenda
Loan Packager Certification

1 action from July 2013

July 2013
        NPRM


Table of Contents Back to Top

DATES:
    ADDRESSES:
    FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT:
    SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:
    Statutory Authority
    Executive Order 12866
    Regulatory Impact Analysis Summary
    Executive Order 12988, Civil Justice Reform
    Unfunded Mandates Reform Act
    Environmental Impact Statement
    Executive Order 13132, Federalism
    Regulatory Flexibility Act
    Executive Order 12372, Intergovernmental Review of Federal Programs
    Executive Order 13175, Consultation and Coordination With Indian Tribal
Governments
    Programs Affected
    Paperwork Reduction Act
    E-Government Act Compliance
    I. Background
    II. Section-by-Section Discussion of Changes
    A. Definitions (7 CFR 3550.10)
    B. Certified Loan Application Packaging Process (7 CFR 3550.75)
    C. Packaging Fee Provisions (7 CFR 3550.52(d)(6))
    Solicitation of Comments
    List of Subjects in 7 CFR Part 3550
    PART 3550--DIRECT SINGLE FAMILY HOUSING LOANS AND GRANTS

DATES: Back to Top

Comments on the proposed rule and the information collection under the Paperwork
Reduction Act of 1995 must be received on or before October 22, 2013.
ADDRESSES: Back to Top

You may submit comments to this rule by any of the following methods:

Federal eRulemaking Portal: http://www.regulations.gov. Follow the instructions
for submitting comments.
    Mail: Submit written comments via the U.S. Postal Service to the Branch
Chief, Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, U.S. Department of
Agriculture, STOP 0742, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-0742.

    Hand Delivery/Courier: Submit written comments via Federal Express Mail or
another mail courier service requiring a street address to the Branch Chief,
Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, U.S. Department of Agriculture, 300
7th Street SW., 7th Floor, Suite 701, Washington, DC 20024.

All written comments will be available for public inspection during regular work
hours at the 300 7th Street SW., address listed above.
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Back to Top

Brooke Baumann, Finance and Loan Analyst, Single Family Housing Direct Loan
Division, USDA Rural Development, Stop 0783, 1400 Independence Avenue SW.,
Washington, DC 20250-0783, Telephone: 202-690-4250. Email:
brooke.baumann@wdc.usda.gov
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Back to Top
Statutory Authority Back to Top

Title V, Section 1480(k) of the Housing Act authorizes the Secretary of
Agriculture to promulgate rules and regulations as deemed necessary to carry out
the purpose of that title.
Executive Order 12866 Back to Top

The Office of Management and Budget (OMB) has designated this rule as
significant under Executive Order 12866 and, therefore, OMB has reviewed this
proposed rule. A regulatory impact analysis of this rule is summarized below and
is available from www.regulations.gov.
Regulatory Impact Analysis Summary Back to Top

In accordance with this EO, the Agency identified and compared the costs and
benefits associated with creating a certified loan application packaging process
from the borrower's perspective and from the Agency's perspective.

The analysis concluded that for borrowers that elect to submit an application
through the certified loan application packaging process, their increased loan
costs are more than offset by the benefits they will ultimately experience
(largely being made aware of an affordable homeownership program that they may
not have otherwise heard of and having a knowledgeable and committed packager
hold their hand through the entire application process). The packaging fee will
translate to an increase in the borrower's monthly mortgage payment of up to
$6.09 (based on the full note rate in effect during December of 2012 and
standard terms). Because many borrowers receive the maximum payment assistance
allowed, the increase they will actually see in their monthly billing statements
is up to $4.46 (based on an effective interest rate of one percent and standard
terms).

For the Agency, using loan funds to finance the packaging fee (provided the
borrower has repayment ability for this additional cost and the total secured
indebtedness is within the limit outlined in § 3550.63) is highly beneficial
from a salaries and time savings standpoint as well as from a marketing and
transportation standpoint. Implementing this proposed rule will save the Agency
approximately $1.5 million in salaries and expenses per fiscal year in
comparison to maintaining the status quo.
Executive Order 12988, Civil Justice Reform Back to Top

This rule has been reviewed under Executive Order 12988, Civil Justice Reform.
Except where specified, all State and local laws and regulations that are in
direct conflict with this rule will be preempted. Federal funds carry Federal
requirements. No person is required to apply for funding under this program, but
if they do apply and are selected for funding, they must comply with the
requirements applicable to the Federal program funds. This rule is not
retroactive. It will not affect agreements entered into prior to the effective
date of the rule. Before any judicial action may be brought regarding the
provisions of this rule, the administrative appeal provisions of 7 CFR part 11
must be exhausted.
Unfunded Mandates Reform Act Back to Top

Title II of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995 (UMRA), Public Law 104-4,
establishes requirements for Federal agencies to assess the effect of their
regulatory actions on State, local, and tribal governments and the private
sector. Under section 202 of the UMRA, the Agency generally must prepare a
written statement, including a cost-benefit analysis, for proposed and final
rules with "Federal mandates" that may result in expenditures to State, local,
or tribal governments, in the aggregate, or to the private sector, of $100
million, or more, in any one year. When such a statement is needed for a rule,
section 205 of the UMRA generally requires the Agency to identify and consider a
reasonable number of regulatory alternatives and adopt the least costly, most
cost-effective, or least burdensome alternative that achieves the objectives of
the rule.

This proposed rule contains no Federal mandates (under the regulatory provisions
of Title II of the UMRA) for State, local, and tribal governments or the private
sector. Therefore, this rule is not subject to the requirements of sections 202
and 205 of the UMRA.
Environmental Impact Statement Back to Top

This document has been reviewed in accordance with 7 CFR part 1940, subpart G,
"Environmental Program." It is the determination of the Agency that this action
does not constitute a major Federal action significantly affecting the quality
of the human environment, and, in accordance with the National Environmental
Policy Act of 1969, 91, neither an Environmental Assessment nor an Environmental
Impact Statement is required.
Executive Order 13132, Federalism Back to Top

The policies contained in this rule do not have any substantial direct effect on
States, on the relationship between the national government and States, or on
the distribution of power and responsibilities among the various levels of
government. Nor does this rule impose substantial direct compliance costs on
State and local governments. Therefore, consultation with the States is not
required.
Regulatory Flexibility Act Back to Top

In compliance with the Regulatory Flexibility Act (5 U.S.C. 601 et seq.) the
undersigned has determined and certified by signature of this document that this
rule, while affecting small entities, will not have an adverse economic impact
on small entities. The Agency made this determination based on the fact that
this regulation only impacts those who choose to participate in the certified
loan application packaging process. Small entities engaged in this process will
not be affected to a greater extent than large entities engaged in this process.

Executive Order 12372, Intergovernmental Review of Federal Programs Back to Top

This program/activity is not subject to the provisions of Executive Order 12372,
which require intergovernmental consultation with State and local officials.
(See the Notice related to 7 CFR part 3015, subpart V, at 48 FR 29112, June 24,
1983; 49 FR 22675, May 31, 1984; 50 FR 14088, April 10, 1985).
Executive Order 13175, Consultation and Coordination With Indian Tribal
Governments Back to Top

This executive order imposes requirements on Rural Development in the
development of regulatory policies that have tribal implications or preempt
tribal laws. Rural Development has determined that the proposed rule does not
have a substantial direct effect on one or more Indian tribe(s) or on either the
relationship or the distribution of powers and responsibilities between the
Federal Government and the Indian tribes. Thus, this proposed rule is not
subject to the requirements of Executive Order 13175.
Programs Affected Back to Top

This program is listed in the Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance under
Number 10.410, Very Low to Moderate Income Housing Loans (Section 502 Rural
Housing Loans).
Paperwork Reduction Act Back to Top

In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) of 1995 (44 U.S.C. 3501 et
seq.), RHS is requesting comments from all interested individuals and
organizations on information collection activities related to the regulatory
changes in this proposed rule. The new information collection request is subject
to review and approval by OMB.

Title: Single Family Housing Direct Loan Program.

OMB Control Number: 0575-New. Upon OMB approval, this package will merge with
OMB No. 0575-0172.

Type of Request: New Collection.

Abstract: Under this proposed rule, qualified employers that employ individuals
seeking or who have been designated as an Agency-certified loan application
packagers will be required to provide monthly reports to the Agency outlining
the packaging activities of their packager(s); this monthly report will include
certifications that they and their packager(s) are not debarred from
participating in Federal programs and are in compliance with the Secure and Fair
Enforcement Mortgage Licensing Act of 2008 (SAFE Act) as well as all applicable
laws, regulations, and Executive Orders. This burden will fall upon the
Agency-approved intermediaries when present.

Estimate of Burden: Public reporting burden for this collection of information
is estimated to average 1.5 hours per response.

Respondents: Qualified employers or Agency-approved intermediaries.

Estimated Number of Respondents: 350.

Estimated Number of Responses per Respondent: 12.

Estimated Total Annual Burden on Respondents: 6,300 hours.

Comments are invited on: (1) Whether the proposed collection of information is
necessary for the proper performance of the functions of the Agency, including
whether the information will have practical utility; (2) the accuracy of the
Agency's estimate of the burden of the proposed collection of information,
including the validity of the methodology and assumptions used; (3) the quality,
utility, and clarity of the information to be collected; and (4) ways to
minimize the burden of the collection of information on those who are to
respond, including through the use of appropriate automated, electronic,
mechanical, or other technological collection techniques or other forms of
information technology. Comments may be sent to Jeanne Jacobs, Regulations and
Paperwork Management Branch, Support Services Division, U.S. Department of
Agriculture, Rural Development, Stop 0742, 1400 Independence Ave. SW.,
Washington, DC 20250-0742. All responses to this proposed rule will be
summarized and included in the request for OMB approval. All comments will also
become a matter of public record.
E-Government Act Compliance Back to Top

The Rural Housing Service is committed to complying with the E-Government Act,
44 U.S.C. 3601 et. seq., to promote the use of the Internet and other
information technologies to provide increased opportunities for citizen access
to Government information and services, and for other purposes.
I. Background Back to Top

The section 502 direct single family housing loan program provides subsidized
mortgage loans for modest homes in rural areas to primarily first-time
homebuyers who are low- and very low-income. While loan approval and
underwriting are strictly functions of the Agency staff, the Agency's nonprofit
partners often play a role in educating potential homebuyers in homeownership
and in originating section 502 loans.

Loan application packaging is not new to the program. Loan application packagers
play an important role in increasing awareness of the section 502 program among
potential homeowners and provide a valuable service to potential homeowners. As
it stands today, however, the packaging process is an informal arrangement and
the packagers' level of program knowledge and expertise, as well as their level
of service, is inconsistent.

In Fiscal Year 2010, the Agency undertook a pilot program to evaluate how the
loan application packaging process could be improved. This pilot program
introduced the use of intermediaries in the packaging process. The five
intermediaries in the pilot program are nonprofits whose mission is to serve
low-income people in rural communities with an emphasis on affordable housing.
The intermediaries reach out to other nonprofits to serve as packagers, ensure
those packagers are qualified and trained, perform quality assurance reviews to
prevent the submission of incomplete or ineligible loan application packages to
the Agency, and serve as a liaison between the Agency and the packager.

Under this pilot, the Agency observed that the use of loan application packagers
who have successfully completed an Agency-approved packaging course and who
submit loan packages through an intermediary can shorten the Agency's processing
time of loan applications (the days between the date of application and date of
loan closing) by approximately 34 percent. The Agency also observed that staff
time was freed to focus on other responsibilities because (1) pre-screening,
counseling, application origination, and document preparation were completed by
the qualified and trained loan application packagers and (2) the intermediaries
checked the completeness and viability of the loan application package before
submission to the Agency.

To integrate the successes and lessons from the pilot program, the Agency
proposes to create a certified loan application packaging process. The structure
and requirements outlined for this process are similar to those used in the
pilot program. Persons interested in applying for a section 502 loan may, but
are not required to, engage the service offered under this process.
II. Section-by-Section Discussion of Changes Back to Top
A. Definitions (7 CFR 3550.10)

Definitions for an Agency-approved intermediary, an Agency-certified loan
application packager, a qualified employer, and the national average area loan
limit were added.
B. Certified Loan Application Packaging Process (7 CFR 3550.75)

The process includes (1) the requirements for individuals seeking or who have
been designated as an Agency-certified loan application packager, (2) the
requirements for their qualified employers, and (3) the requirements for
Agency-approved intermediaries. The use of an intermediary is at the qualified
employer's discretion once all of their packagers on staff have the designation
as an Agency-certified loan application packager. Under this process, the groups
must maintain clear separation of duties.

1. Agency-certified loan application packagers. To obtain RHS certification as a
loan application packager, an individual must: (1) Have at least one year of
real estate and/or mortgage experience, (2) be employed by a qualified employer,
(3) successfully complete an Agency-approved loan application packaging course,
and (4) demonstrate their packaging proficiencies. Proficiency standards will be
outlined by the Agency in the Direct Single Family Housing Loans and
Grants--Field Office Handbook (Handbook-1-3550) or its successor. The standards
will take into account the program's current and projected funding levels, which
will impact the activity levels of the Agency-certified packagers.

The designation as an Agency-certified loan application packager is portable;
that is, the certified packager can go work for another qualified employer and
maintain the benefits of being a certified packager. The designation cannot be
used, however, while the individual is not employed by a qualified employer. The
designation is subject to revocation for nonperformance, violation of pertinent
rules and laws (including civil rights), or failure to submit any viable
packaged loan applications to the Agency in any consecutive 12-month period.

2. Qualified employers. Individuals seeking or who have been designated as an
Agency-certified loan application packager must be employed by a qualified
employer. A qualified employer must (1) be a nonprofit organization or other
public agency, (2) be tax exempt under the Internal Revenue Code and be engaged
in affordable housing, (3) have at least three years of experience with the
Agency's direct single family housing loan programs, (4) agree to report on the
packaging activities of their packagers, and (5) prepare an affirmative fair
housing marketing plan for Agency approval.

3. Agency-approved intermediaries. An Agency-approved intermediary must (1) be a
nonprofit organization or other public agency, (2) be tax exempt under the
Internal Revenue Code and be engaged in affordable housing, (3) have at least
five years of experience with the Agency's direct single family housing loan
programs, (4) develop quality control procedures designed to prevent submission
of incomplete or ineligible loan application packages to the Agency, (5) ensure
that their quality assurance staff successfully complete an Agency-approved loan
application packaging course to confirm that their individual competency level
reflects the organization's years of experience with the Agency, and (6) not
have any financial interest in the subject property.
C. Packaging Fee Provisions (7 CFR 3550.52(d)(6))

Under the certified loan application packaging process, the packaging fee will
be no more than two percent of the national average area loan limit as
determined by the Agency and may be limited further by the Agency in the Direct
Single Family Housing Loans and Grants--Field Office Handbook (Handbook-1-3550)
or its successor. The packaging fee will reflect the responsibilities placed on
individuals seeking or who have been designated as an Agency-certified loan
application packager, their qualified employers, and Agency-approved
intermediaries.

The following supplemental guidance regarding the packaging fee associated with
the certified loan application packaging process will be placed in
Handbook-1-3550 once the final rule is published:

Initially, the Agency will limit the fee to up to $1,500 if an Agency-approved
intermediary is involved in the process. If an intermediary is not involved, the
fee will be limited to up to $1,000.
    Only a single fee can be charged at loan closing. The Agency will not
dictate who charges that single fee or how that single fee is subsequently
divided among the Agency-certified packager, qualified employer, and
Agency-approved intermediary.
    Agency financing of the packaging fee is dependent on the borrower's
repayment ability and the total secured indebtedness limitation outlined in 7
CFR 3550.63. If all or part of the fee cannot be financed by the Agency, proof
that that portion of the fee will be covered without adversely affecting the
applicant's qualification must be submitted to the Agency.
    Packaging fees are not permitted for loans involving the purchase of an RHS
Real Estate Owned property or loans under the Mutual Self-Help Housing program
since Self-Help Grantees receive Section 523 grant funds to (in part) recruit
families and provide assistance in the preparation of their loan applications.
    Individuals and entities that do not meet the requirements of 7 CFR 3550.75
may package a section 502 loan application on behalf of an applicant, but any
fee charged is not an allowable loan purpose and proof that the fee will be
covered without adversely affecting the applicant's qualification must be
submitted to the Agency.

Solicitation of Comments

While the Agency welcomes comments on all aspects of this proposed rule,
comments on the topics listed below are particularly being sought. When
providing a comment, please provide the rational for the comment as well as any
data or information to support the comment, if possible.

The inclusion of intermediaries in the certified loan application packaging
process; whether intermediaries would play a critical role in improving the
quality of loan application packaging; whether the regulations should specify
additional qualifying requirements for the intermediaries and what those
requirements should be; how the Agency should handle the process of approving
intermediaries; and how the coverage area for intermediaries should be handled
(county, region, state, multiple states, etc.).
    Whether the funding priorities outlined in 7 CFR 3550.55(c) should be
revised to consider applications received by the Agency through the certified
loan application packaging process as a fourth priority item. Currently, first
priority is given to existing customers who request subsequent loans to correct
health and safety hazards; second priority is given to loans for the sale of
real estate owned properties or transfers of existing Agency-financed
properties; third priority is given to applicants facing housing related
hardships; fourth priority is given to loans for homes involved in
Agency-approved self-help projects or loans that include leveraging funds from
other sources; and fifth priority is given to all other applicants.
    Whether limiting qualified employers and intermediaries to non-profit
entities would provide better protection to borrowers and the government or
increase the packaging fees by limiting competition.

List of Subjects in 7 CFR Part 3550 Back to Top

Administrative practice and procedure
    Conflict of interests
    Environmental impact statements
    Equal credit opportunity
    Fair housing
    Accounting
    Housing
    Loan programs--housing and community development
    Low and moderate income housing
    Manufactured homes
    Reporting and recordkeeping requirements
    Rural areas
    Subsidies

For the reasons stated in the preamble, chapter XXXV, Title 7 of the Code of
Federal Regulations, is proposed to be amended as follows:
begin regulatory text
PART 3550--DIRECT SINGLE FAMILY HOUSING LOANS AND GRANTS Back to Top

1.The authority citation for part 3550 continues to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; 42 U.S.C. 1480.

2.Amend § 3550.10 by adding definitions for "Agency-approved intermediary,"
"Agency-certified loan application packager," "National average area loan
limit," and "Qualified employer" in alphabetical order to read as follows:
§ 3550.10 Definitions.

* * * * *

Agency-approved intermediary. An affordable housing nonprofit approved by RHS to
perform quality assurance reviews and monitoring activities on individuals
seeking or who have been designated as an Agency-certified loan application
packager and their qualified employers. See § 3550.75 for further details.

Agency-certified loan application packager. An individual certified by RHS under
this subpart to package section 502 loan applications while employed by a
qualified employer. See § 3550.75 for further details.

* * * * *

National average area loan limit. Across the nation, the average area loan limit
as specified in § 3550.63(a). The national average is considered when
determining the maximum packaging fee permitted under the certified loan
application packaging process under the section 502 program.

* * * * *

Qualified employer. A nonprofit organization or public agency that meets the
requirements outlined in § 3550.75(b)(2) and is involved in the certified loan
application packaging process under the section 502 program.

* * * * *

3.Amend § 3550.52 by revising paragraph (d)(6) to read as follows:
§ 3550.52 Loan purposes.

* * * * *

(d) * * *

(6) For section 502 loans, packaging fees resulting from the certified loan
application packaging process outlined in § 3550.75. The fee may not exceed two
percent of the national average area loan limit as determined by the Agency and
may be limited further in the Direct Single Family Housing Loans and
Grants--Field Office Handbook (Handbook-1-3550) or its successor. For section
504 loans, loan application packaging fees to public and private nonprofit
organizations that are tax exempt under the Internal Revenue Code. See
Handbook-1-3550 or its successor for fee limitations.

* * * * *

4.Add § 3550.75 to read as follows:
§ 3550.75 Certified loan application packaging process.

Persons interested in applying for a section 502 loan may, but are not required
to, submit an application through the certified loan application packaging
process.

(a) General. The certified loan application packaging process involves
individuals seeking or who have been designated as an Agency-certified loan
application packager, their qualified employers, and, at least initially,
Agency-approved intermediaries. Once all of their packagers on staff have the
designation as an Agency-certified loan application packager, the use of an
intermediary is at the qualified employer's discretion.

(b) Process requirements. To package section 502 loan applications under this
process, each of the following conditions must be met:

(1) Agency-certified loan application packager. An individual seeking to acquire
RHS certification as a loan application packager must meet all of the following
conditions:

(i) Have at least one year of real estate and/or mortgage experience;

(ii) Be employed by a qualified employer as outlined in paragraph (b)(2) of this
section;

(iii) Complete an Agency-approved loan application packaging course and
successfully pass the corresponding test as specified in paragraph (c) of this
section; and

(iv) Demonstrate their loan application packaging proficiencies. Proficiency
standards will be outlined by the Agency in the Direct Single Family Housing
Loans and Grants--Field Office Handbook (Handbook-1-3550) or its successor.

(2) Qualified employer. Individuals seeking or who have been designated as an
Agency-certified loan application packager must be employed by a qualified
employer. To be considered a qualified employer, the packager's employer must
meet or perform, as applicable, each of the conditions specified in paragraphs
(b)(2)(i) through (b))(2)(vi) of this section.

(i) Be a nonprofit organization or public agency.

(ii) Be tax exempt under the Internal Revenue Code and be engaged in affordable
housing per their regulations, articles of incorporation, or bylaws.

(iii) Have at least three years of verifiable experience with the Agency's
direct single family housing loan programs. Experience with the programs is
largely determined by the number of years the entity has been partnering with
the Agency to provide supplemental financing, assistance, and/or services to
direct loan borrowers.

(iv) Agree to prepare and submit a monthly report to the Agency outlining the
loan application packaging activities of their packager(s). This monthly report
must include certifications that they and their packager(s) are not debarred
from participating in Federal programs and are in compliance with applicable
laws and regulations, including the Secure and Fair Enforcement Mortgage
Licensing Act of 2008 (SAFE Act). This report must be submitted through the
Agency-approved intermediary when present.

(v) Notify the Agency-approved intermediary, Agency, and the applicant if they
or their packager(s) are the developer, builder, seller of, or have any other
such financial interest in, the property for which the application package is
submitted.

(vi) Prepare an affirmative fair housing marketing plan for Agency approval as
outlined in RD Instruction 1901-E (or in any superseding guidance provided in
the impending RD Instruction 1940-D).

(3) Agency-approved intermediaries. To be Agency-approved, the intermediary must
meet each of the following conditions:

(i) Be a nonprofit organization or other public agency;

(ii) Be tax exempt under the Internal Revenue Code and be engaged in affordable
housing in accordance with their regulations, articles of incorporation, or
bylaws;

(iii) Have at least five years of verifiable experience with the Agency's direct
single family housing loan programs;

(iv) Develop quality control procedures designed to prevent submission of
incomplete or ineligible application packages to the Agency;

(v) Ensure that their quality assurance staff complete an Agency-approved loan
application packaging course and successfully pass the corresponding test; and

(vi) Not be the developer, builder, seller of, or have any other such financial
interest in, the property for which the application package is submitted.

(c) Loan application packaging courses. Prospective loan application packagers
and the intermediaries' quality assurance staff must successfully complete an
Agency-approved course that covers the material identified in paragraph (c)(1)
of this section. Prospective intermediaries must also successfully complete an
Agency-approved course as specified in paragraph (c)(2) of this section.

(1) Loan application packagers. At a minimum, the certification course for
individuals seeking to become certified packagers will be a three-day classroom
session that provides:

(i) An overview of the section 502 direct single family housing loan program and
the regulations and laws that govern the program (including civil rights lending
laws such as the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, Fair Housing Act, and Section 504
of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973);

(ii) A detailed discussion on the program's application process and
borrower/property eligibility requirements;

(iii) An examination of the Agency's loan underwriting process which includes
the use of payment subsidies; and

(iv) The roles and responsibilities of a loan application packager and the
Agency staff.

(2) Intermediaries. The required course for an intermediary's quality assurance
staff will cover the components described in paragraph (c)(1) of this section.

(3) Non-Agency trainers. Prior to offering the packager or intermediary course,
non-Agency trainers must obtain approval from designated Agency staff.
Non-Agency trainers, who will be limited to housing nonprofit organizations,
must provide proof of relevant experience and resources for delivery; present
evidence that their individual trainers are competent and knowledgeable on all
subject areas; submit course materials for Agency review; agree to maintain
attendance records, test results, and course materials; and bear the cost of
providing the training. The course schedule must be approved by RHS and each
session will be attended by a designated Agency staff member. A list of eligible
non-Agency trainers will be published on the Agency's Web site as an attachment
to Handbook-1-3550 or its successor (http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/Handbooks.html).

(d) Confidentiality. The Agency-certified loan application packager, qualified
employer, Agency-approved intermediary and their agents must safeguard each
applicant's personal and financial information.

(e) Retaining designation. The Agency will meet with the Agency-certified loan
application packager, their qualified employer, and Agency-approved intermediary
(if applicable) at least annually to maintain open lines of communication;
discuss their packaging activities; identify and resolve deficiencies in the
packaging process; and stipulate any training requirements for retaining
designation (including civil rights refresher training).

(f) Revocation. The designation as an Agency-certified loan application packager
or Agency-approved intermediary is subject to revocation by the Agency under any
of the following conditions:

(1) The rate of packaged loan applications that receive RHS approval is below
the acceptable limit published as an attachment to Handbook-1-3550 or its
successor, available at http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/Handbooks.html);

(2) Violation of pertinent rules and laws; or

(3) No viable packaged loan applications are submitted to the Agency in any
consecutive 12-month period.
end regulatory text

Dated: July 24, 2013.

Dominique McCoy,

Acting Administrator, Rural Housing Service.

For more information please visit: https://www.federalregister.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             930 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              North Devon Journal

                           November 24, 2005 Thursday

First-time buyers need our help

SECTION: Pg. 28

LENGTH: 547 words


I read a missive on the letters page of last week's Journal that got me to
thinking.  It was to do with planning restrictions on building houses in green
belt areas; and while I cannot entirely agree with Mr Riddell's  sentiments, I
have to say a lot of what he wrote made sense.

We are desperately short of  affordable housing and there are only so many brown
sites available for redevelopment. Of course, holiday homes must be a bone of
contention when they are left empty for much of the year while homeless people
wander the streets, but I do not think this is really the nub of the problem.

Anyway, these holiday homes  generate a substantial amount of tourist cash and
let's face it; tourism is a major industry to us, something we rely on heavily.

As for affordable housing; just what is that exactly?  We live in a free market
economy and a property is worth what someone is prepared to pay for it, so what
constitutes  affordable?

The simple fact of the matter is there are no incentives for anyone to develop
such housing projects. Local government has no interest in  building houses to
sell because it would mean the loss of their freehold, something they would
never do.

Private sector property developers, on the other hand, want to make as much
profit as possible from their investment and selling cheap will certainly not do
that.

We must maintain the rural  heritage that would be destroyed by large scale
development on green areas.  And yes, house prices have rocketed with the advent
of people from more affluent areas buying them up in hopes of achieving 'The
Good Life' they so desperately seek; and who can blame them when the cities are
such awful places to live?

It seems to me the difficulty is not in the price of property, it is the way the
loans to buy them are financed which is the problem. There are some part-rent,
part-purchase schemes around but I have to say they are pretty thin on the
ground, usually run by housing associations and have massive strings attached.

I have this idea that perhaps it is time the Government instituted a loan of 30%
for first time buyers to help with the purchase of their property, payment for
which would not become due for ten years. This would allow young couples to
settle in, raise their family and enjoy a few years of salary increases before
the full  impact of their commitment was realised.  Meanwhile the Government
would hold an appropriate share in the freehold.

Of course if, in the meantime, the property was sold at an enormous profit, as
some no doubt would be, the owners would instantly become  liable for the
capital sum of the loan plus all accruing interest. After all, they are no
longer first-time buyers.

Naturally such a scheme would have loopholes through which the unscrupulous will
no doubt drive a double-decker bus and so it would have to be rigidly policed
but for the vast majority of couples it would give a real chance to get on a
rung of the property ladder.

No doubt the Government would immediately plead poverty and  regale us with
tales of woe regarding their finances. Yet, while I am no financial wizard, I
have it in the back of my mind that a single penny on income tax would more than
finance a scheme such as this. In this way also, we would all have a stake in
our children's future.

LOAD-DATE: November 25, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2005 North Devon Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                             931 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


             National Post's Financial Post & FP Investing (Canada)

                            January 21, 2014 Tuesday
                            All_but_Toronto Edition

The fab in prefab

BYLINE: Armina Ligaya, Financial Post

SECTION: FINANCIAL POST; Pg. FP1

LENGTH: 1117 words


After more than three decades in her Toronto bungalow amid growing mildew
problems in the 1940s-era home, Ruth Wiens decided it was time to start fresh.

She still loved her East York neighbourhood, so the IT professional decided to
demolish her existing house and build a two-storey, three-bedroom,
2,000-square-foot home from scratch.

But instead of hiring a builder to construct her new home, piece by piece, Ms.
Wiens ordered one from a factory, based on a design she saw in a magazine. She
didn't want the harsh Canadian weather to pummel the shell of her home during
construction, as her neighbours' new homes had been over the years.

Ms. Wiens wanted a house that was constructed indoors, under controlled
conditions.

"There would never be an unexpected rainstorm that just soaked everything," Ms.
Wiens said. "And having watched my neighbourhood over the years, I just thought,
there are alternatives. You don't have to be the lucky one that has the two
weeks of good weather."

Most new homes are built stick by stick, brick by brick, by a construction crew
on-site, but a growing number of Canadians are buying homes right off the
factory floor to be assembled on the lot within days.

However, the stigma of the earlier, shoddy iterations of these prefabricated or
modular homes still lingers and the Canadian construction industry is reluctant
to change, industry insiders say.

These factor y-built units accounted for 11% of all the singlefamily homes
started in 2012, up from roughly 3%-4% in 2000, according to Kathleen Maynard,
chief executive of the Canadian Manufactured Housing Institute (CMHI).

Last year, some 12,970 factory-built single family homes were started in 2012.
This ranges from modules which are put together on site, such as Ms. Wiens' home
by Royal Homes, to homes assembled from smaller factory-built components,
IKEA-style, or fully built homes.

This marks a drop of 10% from the year before, according to the CMHI, but the
decline was offset in part by an uptick in factory-built multi-family homes,
such as apartment buildings.

The factory-built home is gaining traction among Canadians as the construction
method is embraced by architects and as technology makes way for more innovative
designs on the factory floor, said Ms. Maynard.

"As technological advances introduced into factories allowed them to build
anything, that has enabled them to compete," she said.

Factory-built homes, or prefabricated homes are nothing new.

As far back as the 17th century, pre-engineered housing kits were being shipped
to North American East Coast ports, but it wasn't until the late 19th century
when readymade wood frame-houses were first being produced in Nova Scotia,
according to the Canada Mortgage and Housing Corporation. It was during the
Second World War that the factory-built housing era began, the crown corporation
said in the latest Canadian Housing Observer.

Homes needed to be built with as little material as possible in a bid to divert
the least amount of resources from the war effort. These factory-built houses
were later needed to meet the severe housing shortage when the troops returned
home, according to the CHMC.

That image of a prefabricated home as a shoddily built, boxy structure made of
poorquality components, even decades later, is still hard to shake.

"It's always been labelled as cheap," said Marc Bovet, founder of Bone
Structure, a Quebec-based company which produces homes that can be assembled
from several factory built-components without any nails. "It has always been
labelled in the U.S. as [for a] trailer park. It's the label that comes with it,
and that has to change."

This perception has evolved as prefabricated homes give site-built houses a run
for their money. The factory-built home of today comes in sleek and airy,
energy-efficient designs made of high-end materials and fixtures, he said. In a
factory, the company can produce precise, custom components for a more efficient
way of building, Mr. Bovet said.

"Compared to wood structure houses out there, we don't create any garbage... For
a 2,500 square foot house, the traditional home construction we have right now
in Canada is filling up five of those humongous garbage containers." Also,
architects are "embracing" industrialized building, says Pieter Venema,
president of Wingham, Ont.-based Royal Homes.

"It's got more of an upscale cachet to it," he said. "People are really
beginning to understand the concept and see the benefits of it. It's slow to
change but we do see it."

One major barrier is the construction industry's reluctance to change, says Mr.
Venema. Plus, homes built in the factory, as opposed to on site, means fewer
jobs for construction workers to the chagrin of some unions, he added. "The
industry is traditional, with strong unions and owners who prefer it that way,"
he said.

Geography is another big factor, as some regions of the country are more open
than others to purchasing an industrialized home.

About 75% of all factorybuilt, single detached homes were shipped to New
Brunswick, Nova Scotia, Alberta and Ontario.

However, in Ontario, factory- built homes are typically purchased in smaller
communities and rural settings, rather than urban settings.

"Only in the last five years or so have they made in-roads into urban areas,"
Ms. Maynard said. "Before, it was more difficult to transport a great big house
into an existing

neighbourhood."

Consumers in rural areas are more likely to be able to purchase a vacant lot,
which is difficult to do in established subdivisions, said Mr. Venema.

Industrialized homes are also popular among seniors and empty nesters looking
for a smaller house, according to the CMHC.

Another related factor in the growth - and limits to growth - for prefab homes
is the cost. Buying a custom home through Royal Homes, depending on the model
and interior finishings, can cost about $175-to-$185 per square foot, or roughly
$259,000 for a 1,400-square-foot house, without the lot. A home with Bone
Structure can cost $250 per square foot, or $350,000 for a 1,400-square-foot
home without the lot.

That's compared to the average purchase price of a home across Canada of
$389,199 in December, according to the latest figures from Ottawa-based Canadian
Real Estate Association. Whether a modular home is more affordable depends on
the bells and whistles, and location.

Mr. Pieter says their custom-built modular homes are "very competitive."

"Our solution is not a cheaper option, it's not a more expensive option," he
said. "If you go to a subdivision builder, it's probably cheaper. But you're
getting a house that's not customized, and usually not to the same spec as well.
It's just a different type of product."

aligaya@nationalpost.com

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Darren Calabrese, National Post; Workers construct a Bone Structure
model home in Erin, Ont. Factory-built homes are gaining traction among Canadian
buyers.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2014 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             932 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                              May 12, 2015 Tuesday

Honey Springs getting a visitor center

BYLINE: Matt Patterson

SECTION:

LENGTH: 1161 words


&nbsp;Construction of the long anticipated visitor center at Honey Springs
Battlefield is underway, Bob Blackburn, executive director of the Oklahoma
Historical Society (OHS) announced. "It has been a complicated process to get
the project off the ground," said Blackburn. "The center is a multimillion
dollar development partnership between four federal agencies, a state agency,
McIntosh County, several local businesses and a nonprofit organization. Federal
involvement includes the National Park Service, as well as all three agencies of
the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural Development--Rural
Business Service, Rural Utilities Service and Rural Housing Service.""The site
offers visitors the opportunity to enjoy hiking and area wildlife, while
learning about the Battle of Honey Springs and the impact of the Civil War on
American Indians living in Indian Territory.

The Civil War's toll on life and property was greater per capita in what is
present-day Oklahoma than any state in the country," said Blackburn.The new
visitor center is being built in Rentiesville, one of thirteen remaining
All-Black towns populated by former slaves after the Civil War. In addition to
being home to noted historian John Hope Franklin, blues legend D. C. Minner and
Rentiesville's annual Blues Festival, the town is home to Oklahoma's largest
military engagement. Ryan McMullen, state director of USDA Rural Development,
said, "The community has a high level of poverty, but does have some historic
and cultural assets that provide opportunities for tourism, which the new center
will capitalize on. In addition to exhibits, the center will offer library space
with collections focusing on Indian Territory, the Civil War and the community.
The library also will provide computers for community internet access,"
continued McMullen.According to McMullen, "USDA Rural Development has awarded
nearly $500,000 in grant funds and over $600,000 in financing through the Rural
Business Enterprise Grant and Community Facilities programs. A portion of the
financing includes a guaranteed loan through Peoples National Bank in Checotah.
The project also benefits from recent Rural Utilities Service investments that
have improved high-speed internet access to the area."Blackburn said, "The
state, through the Oklahoma Historical Society that owns the battlefield, has
contributed over $1 million in site development and architectural service fees.
The OHS will continue to be involved providing in-kind services to monitor
construction of the building and to provide design and construction services for
the completion of the museum exhibits for the new center."&nbsp;McIntosh County
is working to improve the roads leading up to the center and the access road to
the battlefield walking trails. This includes replacement of a bridge and
blacktopping the dirt access road.All the partners have a vital role in the
project, but the heart of the project, according to Blackburn, are the members
of the Friends of Honey Springs Battlefield. "This nonprofit membership
organization is handling all the grant funding and, most importantly, the USDA
loans to make the project happen. The OHS cannot borrow funds so the visitor
center will belong to the Friends. The operation of the center will be through a
continuing partnership between the Friends and the OHS," said Blackburn."The
project is underway but we still have a lot of work to do," said Friends
president Gary Nichols of Checotah. "We are launching our fundraising efforts to
raise the funds needed for exhibit development and to possibly add some elements
back to the building that were cut to bring the project into budget." Nichols
continued, "We also hope to retire the debt well ahead of the 40 year term."The
building was designed by ADG of Oklahoma City. The construction contract was
awarded to Zenith Construction of Tahlequah. Company President Tyson Young was
critical to getting the project underway, according to Blackburn. "The low bid
was out of the money, but Young worked with the OHS Construction Manager Rillis
Howard and the project architect, J. C. Witcher of ADG, to value engineer the
project to get it within budget," said Blackburn.McMullen said, "Alone, USDA
Rural Development could not make such a large project happen in such a small,
impoverished community. But with plenty of creativity and enough partners, it's
still possible to make big things happen in small towns."The visitor center has
been a dream since the first land was acquired to secure the battlefield in
1964. Over the years many individuals have contributed to securing the land,
developing a road and walking trails through the site. The battlefield was
designated a National Historic Landmark in 2013 in recognition of its historical
importance. National Historic Landmarks are nationally significant historic
places that possess exceptional value or quality in illustrating or interpreting
the heritage of the United States. The program, established in 1935, is
administered by the National Park Service. Currently there are 2,540 designated
National Historic Landmarks.The Battle of Honey Springs was the largest
engagement of the American Civil War fought in Indian Territory, and it had
far-reaching impact on Indian Territory, American national development and the
future state of Oklahoma. The Battle of Honey Springs (also called Elk Creek)
was a turning point for the war in the Trans-Mississippi West. Prior to the
battle on July 17, 1863, the Confederate forces were in full control of the
areas below the Arkansas River and the areas north of the Arkansas River were in
dispute. After the battle, the Federals controlled the area north on the
Canadian River and the area between it and the Red River was placed in dispute.
The Confederate loss at Honey Springs led to the loss of Fort Smith and western
Arkansas. Honey Springs was the largest battle in which American Indians,
blacks, and whites fought with and against one another. It was the first major
engagement where black troops carried the day and perhaps the first major
engagement where ex-slaves fought against their masters.If you would like to
contribute toward the building construction, exhibit development or to retire
the building debt, contact OHS Museums and Sites Director Kathy Dickson at
405-522-5231 or kdickson@okhistory.org Sponsorship opportunities are
available.Honey Springs Battlefield Historic Site is a division of the Oklahoma
Historical Society. The mission of the Oklahoma Historical Society is to
collect, preserve and share the history and culture of the state of Oklahoma.
Founded in 1893 by members of the Territorial Press Association, the OHS
maintains 31 museums, historic sites and affiliates across the state. Through
its research archives, exhibits, educational programs and publications the OHS
chronicles the rich history of Oklahoma. For more information about the OHS,
please visit www.okhistory.org.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2015 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             933 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Western Morning News (Plymouth, UK)

                             August 18, 2008 Monday

Changes needed in planning terms;
Do Section 106 Agreements, which are used by local authority planning
departments to ensure a dwelling being built in a rural area is restricted to
someone from that locality, result in those local people being treated as
second-class citizens?

SECTION: Pg. 21

LENGTH: 836 words


The reason I ask follows a real-life situation with which  I have just been
involved.

My clients are a young farming family who have grown up in a rural parish near
Launceston and whose parents and grandparents have farmed in the locality all
their lives.

The parents of my client own land on the edge of the village and gave a corner
of the field (that adjoins an established residential cul-de-sac of some five or
six properties) to them.  My clients applied to the local authority for planning
permission to build a dwelling there.

The local authority would only grant planning permission if a Section 106
Agreement was entered into, which ties the occupiers of the dwelling to being
from the parish in which the dwelling was built or the immediately adjoining
parishes.  My clients had no difficulty with that restriction.

The Section 106 Agreement also restricts the value of the property that may be
built.  My clients were not very happy about this, particularly as the
cul-de-sac immediately adjoining has, of course, no such price restriction on
it.  But they were prepared to proceed with that price restriction in place,
fully understanding that it was designed to try to ensure that the property
always remained affordable for local people.

There is a clause within the Section 106 Agreement known as the "mortgagee in
possession clause".  This provides that, if the owners of the property get into
difficulties with their mortgage repayments and the mortgage company repossesses
the property, the mortgage company has to offer the property to a registered
social landlord, such as Devon & Cornwall Housing Association or West Devon
Homes, for 30 days.

If the registered social landlord does not wish to buy the property, the
mortgage company then has to try to sell the property to someone from the parish
or the adjoining parishes, for a further 60 days.

Only after those 90 days have elapsed, and without anyone coming forward to buy
the property fitting the criteria, is  the mortgage company then free of all
restrictions and able to sell the property on the open market.

My clients' mortgage broker, who has many years of experience in the industry,
tried to obtain a mortgage over the property with more than 20 different lenders
- but none of them would provide a mortgage.  They all said they had to be able
to sell the property on the open market free of any restrictions immediately
following repossession, rather than having to wait the 90 days.

Consequently, the property given to my clients by their parents to enable them
to have a home in the place where they grew up and worked is unmortgageable and
unsaleable.

Anyone with any experience of Section 106 Agreements will know there are very
many agreements relating to local-needs dwellings that have a far more
restrictive mortgagee-in-possession clause than the 90-day time lapse.

Many have a six-month period, and many more have no time period at all and the
property can only be occupied by someone who satisfies the local-needs criteria.

Potentially, there is a time bomb ticking away for owners of these local-needs
dwellings.  If the owners need to sell, perhaps when moving jobs, or they have
to remortgage as their fixed-rate deal comes to an end, they are going to find
they cannot sell and they cannot remortgage.

I invited a response to this problem from the Council of Mortgage Lenders (CML),
which replied: "As a trade association the CML cannot comment on, or give
guidance to, individual cases or schemes. It will be for individual lenders to
decide whether to lend on a particular scheme."

A clear case of passing the buck, if there ever was one.

Matthew Taylor published his review of the rural economy and affordable housing
last month, and under his chapter dealing with "living, working villages" he
recommended: "To assist local planning authorities in drawing up planning
obligations, the Government should review and update its model for Section 106
Agreements, with particular reference to the delivery of affordable housing on
exception sites and local connection/affordability requirements, so that the
standard terms set out in the model can be used wherever possible to minimise
the need to draft new clauses."

The Government has, on numerous occasions, shown it is  out of touch with rural
communities - and so will have no understanding at all of the fact that local
needs dwellings with a Section 106 Agreement are currently unmortgageable and
unsaleable, and that consequently the owners of these properties are
second-class citizens.

I invite anyone with a property subject to a Section 106 Agreement restricting
the mortgagee in possession from selling on the open market immediately it
repossesses to contact me, so that I may compile a report and submit it to the
Government Department for Communities and Local Government, local MPs and local
district councils to campaign for changes as soon as possible.

Pam Johns is a partner with Coodes Solicitors and may be contacted at
pam.johns@coodes.co.uk or on 01409 253425.

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 83


                 Copyright 2008 Western Morning News (Plymouth)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             934 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Western Morning News (Plymouth, UK)

                             August 18, 2008 Monday

Changes needed in planning terms;
Do Section 106 Agreements, which are used by local authority planning
departments to ensure a dwelling being built in a rural area is restricted to
someone from that locality, result in those local people being treated as
second-class citizens?

SECTION: Pg. 21

LENGTH: 836 words


The reason I ask follows a real-life situation with which  I have just been
involved.

My clients are a young farming family who have grown up in a rural parish near
Launceston and whose parents and grandparents have farmed in the locality all
their lives.

The parents of my client own land on the edge of the village and gave a corner
of the field (that adjoins an established residential cul-de-sac of some five or
six properties) to them.  My clients applied to the local authority for planning
permission to build a dwelling there.

The local authority would only grant planning permission if a Section 106
Agreement was entered into, which ties the occupiers of the dwelling to being
from the parish in which the dwelling was built or the immediately adjoining
parishes.  My clients had no difficulty with that restriction.

The Section 106 Agreement also restricts the value of the property that may be
built.  My clients were not very happy about this, particularly as the
cul-de-sac immediately adjoining has, of course, no such price restriction on
it.  But they were prepared to proceed with that price restriction in place,
fully understanding that it was designed to try to ensure that the property
always remained affordable for local people.

There is a clause within the Section 106 Agreement known as the "mortgagee in
possession clause".  This provides that, if the owners of the property get into
difficulties with their mortgage repayments and the mortgage company repossesses
the property, the mortgage company has to offer the property to a registered
social landlord, such as Devon & Cornwall Housing Association or West Devon
Homes, for 30 days.

If the registered social landlord does not wish to buy the property, the
mortgage company then has to try to sell the property to someone from the parish
or the adjoining parishes, for a further 60 days.

Only after those 90 days have elapsed, and without anyone coming forward to buy
the property fitting the criteria, is  the mortgage company then free of all
restrictions and able to sell the property on the open market.

My clients' mortgage broker, who has many years of experience in the industry,
tried to obtain a mortgage over the property with more than 20 different lenders
- but none of them would provide a mortgage.  They all said they had to be able
to sell the property on the open market free of any restrictions immediately
following repossession, rather than having to wait the 90 days.

Consequently, the property given to my clients by their parents to enable them
to have a home in the place where they grew up and worked is unmortgageable and
unsaleable.

Anyone with any experience of Section 106 Agreements will know there are very
many agreements relating to local-needs dwellings that have a far more
restrictive mortgagee-in-possession clause than the 90-day time lapse.

Many have a six-month period, and many more have no time period at all and the
property can only be occupied by someone who satisfies the local-needs criteria.

Potentially, there is a time bomb ticking away for owners of these local-needs
dwellings.  If the owners need to sell, perhaps when moving jobs, or they have
to remortgage as their fixed-rate deal comes to an end, they are going to find
they cannot sell and they cannot remortgage.

I invited a response to this problem from the Council of Mortgage Lenders (CML),
which replied: "As a trade association the CML cannot comment on, or give
guidance to, individual cases or schemes. It will be for individual lenders to
decide whether to lend on a particular scheme."

A clear case of passing the buck, if there ever was one.

Matthew Taylor published his review of the rural economy and affordable housing
last month, and under his chapter dealing with "living, working villages" he
recommended: "To assist local planning authorities in drawing up planning
obligations, the Government should review and update its model for Section 106
Agreements, with particular reference to the delivery of affordable housing on
exception sites and local connection/affordability requirements, so that the
standard terms set out in the model can be used wherever possible to minimise
the need to draft new clauses."

The Government has, on numerous occasions, shown it is  out of touch with rural
communities - and so will have no understanding at all of the fact that local
needs dwellings with a Section 106 Agreement are currently unmortgageable and
unsaleable, and that consequently the owners of these properties are
second-class citizens.

I invite anyone with a property subject to a Section 106 Agreement restricting
the mortgagee in possession from selling on the open market immediately it
repossesses to contact me, so that I may compile a report and submit it to the
Government Department for Communities and Local Government, local MPs and local
district councils to campaign for changes as soon as possible.

Pam Johns is a partner with Coodes Solicitors and may be contacted at
pam.johns@coodes.co.uk or on 01409 253425.

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 83


                 Copyright 2008 Western Morning News (Plymouth)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             935 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 3, 2014 Thursday

Agriculture, Rural Housing Service: Area Loan Specialist NY-2014-4259

LENGTH: 2963  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of Personnel Management has issued the following job announcement:

Job Title:Area Loan Specialist

Department:Department Of Agriculture

Agency:Agriculture, Rural Housing Service

Job Announcement Number:NY-2014-4259
SALARY RANGE:
 $47,923.00 to $62,297.00 / Per Year
OPEN PERIOD:
 Wednesday, April 02, 2014 to Friday, April 11, 2014
SERIES & GRADE:
 GS-1165-09
POSITION INFORMATION:
 Full-Time - Permanent
PROMOTION POTENTIAL:
09
DUTY LOCATIONS:
 1 vacancy in the following location:
Batavia, NY View Map
WHO MAY APPLY:


Applications will be accepted from current and former competitive service
Federal employees, people eligible under special hiring authorities, and CTAP
and ICTAP eligibles in the commuting area.
SUPERVISORY STATUS:
 No
JOB SUMMARY:

Rural Development is committed to helping improve the economy and quality of
life in all of rural America by providing financial programs to support
essential public facilities and services such as water and sewer systems,
housing, health clinics, emergency service facilities and electric and telephone
service. Rural Development promotes economic development by providing loans to
businesses through banks and community-managed lending pools, while also
assisting communities to participate in community empowerment programs. Join the
Rural Development team and make a commitment to America's rural communities.

This position is being concurrently announced under Delegated Examining
Procedures on announcement number DEU-NY-4568 open to any US Citizen. Current
and former Federal employees may apply to both announcements, but should be sure
to apply to this announcement NY-2014-4159 to maximize opportunities for
consideration since different referral criteria apply to each announcement type.

TRAVEL REQUIRED

Occasional Travel
    Occasional Travel is Required

RELOCATION AUTHORIZED

No

KEY REQUIREMENTS

Selective Service Registration is required for males born after 12/31/1959.
    A 1-year probationary period is required.
    Males born after 12/31/1959 must be registered with the Selective Service.
    U.S. Citizen
    Background investigation required
    Successful completion of a one year probationary period
    Relocation and travel expenses will not be paid.

DUTIES:
Back to top

Assists the Area Director in administering, processing, and servicing loans and
grants under the direct Single Family program and/or administers loan guarantees
under the Single Family Housing Guaranteed loan program.
    Analyzes, approves, and processes home-ownership loans, home improvement and
repair loans and grants, mutual self-help technical assistance grants, and
housing site loans with primary emphasis on loan making and the more complex
servicing needs of the geographical area served.
    Reviews applications for program loan and grants; evaluates financial
situations and credit risk factors; and approves or disapproves housing loans
and grants.
    Assists Area Director, and Area Specialists in processing and servicing
Community Program loans, grants and Loan guarantees.

QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED:
Back to top

The Office of Personnel Management (OPM) Qualifications Standards Operating
Manual applies.  A copy is available at
http://www.OPM.gov/qualifications/index.asp .  SPECIALIZED EXPERIENCE is any
experience that is directly related to the position to be filled and which has
equipped the candidate with the particular competencies to successfully perform
the duties of the position, and that is typically in or related to the work of
the position to be filled.

To be creditable, specialized experience must have been equivalent to at least
the next lower grade level by the closing date of the announcement.

For GS-09: Applicants must have 1 year of specialized experience equivalent to
at least the GS-07; or its non-Federal equivalent that demonstrates: performing
loan making and/or loan servicing duties such as regularly examining loan
applications, supporting documents, credit reports, and maintaining servicing
activities of somewhat complex loans and/or grants; assisting higher level loan
specialists by performing assigned portions of financial credit analysis in
connection with more complex loans as a way of acquiring training and competency
for more difficult loan examining and servicing assignments.  Including
reviewing and passing upon applications for agricultural, municipal and
non-profit organizations, bank or mortgage loans; servicing a loan portfolio of
a bank or other loan association; performing financial analysis of commercial
concerns for investment purposes; and appraising real estate to determine
property valuation or similar work.


or masters, or equivalent graduate degree, or 2 full years of progressively
higher level graduate education leading to such a degree or LL.B. or J.D., if
related OR a combination of education as described and specialized experience.

o  Have your salary sent to a financial institution of your choice by Direct
Deposit/Electronic Funds Transfer.
o  Selectee must be able to obtain and maintain a security clearance. If
selected you may be subject to a National Agency Check and Inquiry (NACI) and a
credit report inquiry.
o  CONFIDENTIAL FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE REPORT: If selected, you will be required
to submit Form OGE-450 within 30 days of your initial appointment date, and
annually thereafter. Selectee is subject to financial Disclosure Requirements in
accordance with 5 CFR, Part 2635, Sub part E regarding business or personal
transactions with applicants, borrowers, or business contacts who have or who
are seeking business with this Agency. Selectee must be able to obtain and
maintain a security clearance. If selected you will be subject to a National
Agency Check and Inquiry (NACI) and a credit report.
o  If you are newly hired, the documentation you present for purposes of
completing the Department Homeland Security (DHS) Form I-9 on your entry-on-duty
date will be verified through the DHS "E-VERIFY" system. Federal law requires
the use of E-VERIFY to confirm the employment eligibility of all new hires.
Under this system, the new hire is required to resolve any identified
discrepancies as a condition of continued employment.

HOW YOU WILL BE EVALUATED:

You will be evaluated based on your qualifications for this position as
evidenced by the education, experience, and training you described in your
application package, as well as the responses to the Occupational Questionnaire
to determine the degree to which you possess the knowledge, skills, abilities
and competencies listed below:
    Knowledge of Housing, Commercial and Community Programs loan and/or grant
making requirements.
    Knowledge of Housing, Commercial and Community Programs Servicing
requirements
    Knowledge of Building Standards, Costs, Specifications and Contracts.
    Oral Communication
    Written Communication

We will review your application, including the online Occupational
Questionnaire, to ensure you meet the job requirements and assess your ability
to perform this job. Before any certificate can be issued to the selecting
official, the resume and supporting documents are reviewed by an HR Specialist
to ensure that (a) minimum qualification requirements are met and (b) the resume
supports the answers provided to the job-specific questions. Your answers will
be verified against information provided in your online resume and application.
Be sure that your resume clearly supports your responses to all the questions
addressing experience and education relevant to this position.

Applicants who meet the basic minimum qualification requirements and are
determined to be among the best qualified candidates will be referred to the
hiring manager for consideration. Non-Competitive candidates need to meet
minimum qualification requirements to be referred.

Note: If, after reviewing your resume and / or supporting documentation, a
determination is made that you have inflated your qualifications and or
experience, your score can / will be lowered to more accurately reflect the
submitted documentation. Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or
omissions may affect your rating. Deliberate attempts to falsify information may
be grounds for not selecting you.

To view the application form, visit:
https://rhs.usda.ntis.gov/cp/?event=jobs.previewApplication&jobid=58244a1f-ea74-
49b9-8dd0-a2f9007b0872

BENEFITS:
Back to top
The Federal Government offers a comprehensive benefits package.  Explore the
major benefits offered to most Federal employees at:
http://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/healthcare/enrollment/new-federal-employ
ee-enrollment/ .

OTHER INFORMATION:
o  Career Transition Assistance Plan(CTAP) or Interagency Career Transition
Assistance Plan (ICTAP):   If you are claiming CTAP/ICTAP eligibility, provide
proof of eligibility to include your most recent performance appraisal, SF-50,
and proof of eligibility such as a RIF separation notice or letter from OPM/your
agency.  CTAP/ICTAP eligibles will be considered well-qualified if achieving a
rating of 88 or above.  Information about CTAP/ICTAP eligibility is on OPM's
Career Transition Resources website at http://www.opm.gov/ctap/index.asp.
o  Relocation expenses are not authorized.
o  This is a bargaining unit designated position.
o  This position is eligible for telework and other flexible work arrangements.
Employee participation is at the discretion of the supervisor.
o  If you are a male applicant born after December 31, 1959, certify that you
have registered with the Selective Service System or are exempt from having to
do so.
HOW TO APPLY:
Back to top

Please read the entire announcement and all the instructions before you begin.
The following instructions outline our application process.

You must complete this application process and submit all required documents
electronically by 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time (ET) on the closing date of this
announcement.
    We are available to assist you during business hours (normally 8:00 a.m. -
4:00 p.m., Monday - Friday). Applying online is highly encouraged. If applying
online poses a hardship, please contact our office during business hours well
before the closing date for an alternate method. All hardship application
packages with supporting documents must be submitted no later than noon on the
closing date of the announcement in order to be entered into the system prior to
its closing.
    This agency provides reasonable accommodation to applicants with
disabilities on a case-by-case basis. Please contact us if you require this for
any part of the application and hiring process.

Step 1: Create a USAJOBS account (if you do not already have one) at
www.usajobs.gov. It is recommended that as part of your profile you set up
automatic email notifications to be informed when the status of your application
changes. If you choose not to set up this automatic notification, then you will
have to log into your USAJOBS account to check on the status of your
application.

Step 2: Create a Resume with USAJOBS or upload a Resume into your USAJOBS
account. You may want to customize your resume to ensure it documents duties and
accomplishments you have gained that are directly related to this position in
order to verify that qualifications are met. In addition, your resume must
support your responses to the online questionnaire (you may preview the online
questionnaire by clicking on the link at the end of the How You Will Be
Evaluated section of the job announcement).

Step 3: Click "Apply Online" and follow the prompts to complete the Occupational
Questionnaire and attach any additional documents that may be required.

You can update your application or documents anytime while the announcement is
open. Simply log into your USAJOBS account and click on "Application Status."
Click on the position title, and then select "Update Application" to continue.


REQUIRED DOCUMENTS:

You must submit a complete Application Package, prior to 11:59, ET, on the
closing date of this announcement.  The following documents must be submitted
for your application package to be considered complete.  It is your
responsibility to be sure all required documents are received within the
required timeframes.  Our office cannot be responsible for incompatible
software, illegible fax transmissions, delays in mail service, system failure or
downtime, etc.  Failure to submit required, legible documents may result in loss
of consideration.

Resume that includes the following information: 1) job information for which you
are applying; 2) personal information; 3) education; 4) work experience
including the work schedule and hours worked per week as well as dates of
employment; and title, series and grade if applicable; 5) supervisors phone
number and email address for each work period listed and whether or not we may
contact them for reference checks; and 6) other qualifications.

College Transcripts if education is required for meeting the basic
qualifications and/or you are substituting education for specialized experience.
An unofficial copy is sufficient with the application; however, if selected, an
official college transcript will be required prior to entering on duty.
Transcripts are not required if applying to the same series and specialty
currently serving or previously served in.

Other Required Documents may include:

Current/Former Career/Career-Conditional Eligibles: MUST submit a copy of your
most recent non-award Notification of Personnel Action (SF-50 or equivalent)
showing that you are/were in the competitive service, as well as the highest
grade (or promotion potential) held, on a permanent basis, your federal status,
position title, series and grade AND the most recently completed annual
performance appraisal (dated within 18 months) which identifies the employee's
official rating of record, signed by the supervisor, or a statement advising why
the performance appraisal is not available. Do not submit a performance plan.
    VEOA Eligibles: MUST submit Veterans Preference documentation, for
consideration: DD-214 (Member 4 Copy) if claiming Veteran's Preference.
Veterans claiming 10 point preference must also submit an SF-15 Application for
10-point Veteran Preference.  Veterans who have not yet been released from
active duty must provide certification from armed forces that they will be
released from active duty under honorable conditions within 120 days. Veterans'
preference will not be afforded if you fail to submit required documentation
prior to the closing date of this announcement.
    Interchange Agreement with the Other Merit Systems Eligibles: MUST submit
documentation of eligibility as listed in each individual interchange agreement.

    VRA or 30% Disabled Veteran Eligibles: MUST submit a copy of your DD214, VA
letter, SF-15 if claiming 10 pt. preference OR if you currently on active duty;
a certification of expected discharge or release from active duty under
honorable conditions dates within the last 120 days.
    Peace Corps Volunteers/Personal Eligibles: MUST submit documentation of no
less than 36 months of continuous service without a break in service of 3 days
or more and separated within the last 3 years.
    Schedule A, Persons with Disabilities Appointment Eligibles: MUST submit a
copy of your Sch A letter from a physician, local, state or federal
rehabilitation office citing your eligibility under 5 CFR 213.3102 (u).
    Miscellaneous Authorities Not Regulated by the Office of Personnel
Management Eligibles: (Postal Career Service Employees, Postal Service
Commission Employees, GAO, US Courts, etc.), MUST submit a copy of your current
Notification of Personnel Action (or equivalent) that reflects your eligibility.

    CTAP/ICTAP Required Documentation Reduction-In-Force: RIF Separation Notice;
AND most recent performance evaluation; AND SF-50 demonstrating your separation
or the position you will be separated from.

NOTE: If a document is resubmitted, it replaces the previous submission, which
means the previous document is no longer available to the Human Resources
Office. If you are adding to, rather than replacing a previous submission, you
must upload both the old document and the new document. Please verify that the
documents you are uploading from USAJOBS transfer into the Agency's staffing
system as there is a limitation to the number of documents that can be
transferred.  However, once in the Agency's staffing system you will have the
opportunity to upload additional documents.  Uploaded resumes must be less than
3MB and in one of the following document formats: GIF, JPG, JPEG, PNG, RTF, PDF,
or Word (DOC or DOCX).


AGENCY CONTACT INFO:
Kristen Lombardo
Phone: 315-477-6439
Fax: 315-477-6440
Email: kristen.lombardo@usda.gov
Agency Information:
USDA-Rural Development
441 S. Salina St., Ste. 357
Syracuse, NY,
13202
United States
Fax: 315-477-6440
WHAT TO EXPECT NEXT:
If you set up your USAJOBS account to send automatic email notifications, you
will receive an email acknowledging: 1) the submission of your online
Occupational Questionnaire and resume was successful,  2) if you were referred
to the selecting official for consideration, and  3) if you were selected or not
selected. If you choose not to set up automatic email notifications, you must
check your USAJOBS account for the latest status of your application. Your
application may be reviewed to verify that you meet the qualifications and
eligibility requirements for the position prior to issuing lists to a selecting
official. If further evaluation or interviews are required, you will be
contacted. Normally, a final job offer to the selected candidate is made within
30-60 days after the issuance of the certificate.

For more information please visit: https://www.usajobs.gov/

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             936 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                          February 19, 2004, Thursday

Dream kampung houses for the lower-income families

BYLINE: By Alina Simon

SECTION: Nation; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 813 words


"FOR sale. Double-storey traditional kampung house in Kedah!

"Three-bedroom, two-bathroom with a large plot of land complete with
fruit trees like durian, duku, coconut, mango, ciku and mangosteen. No
fencing. Located in a newly-built village self-contained development with
plenty of modern amenities. Just completed.

"Flexible loan repayment scheme. Price between RM39,000 and RM43,000."

An advertisement like this would reasonably receive a deluge of
inquiries but, alas, houses like this will never be sold on the open
market.

These houses were in fact built for the lower-income families in Kubang
Pasu district, who earn a monthly income of under RM2,000.

Known as Kampung Tradisi, the project is a glimpse into what future low-
cost housing projects for the rural poor can be.

Instead of the usual single-storey link houses or high-rise flats in
cramped communities, Kampung Tradisi allows residents to enjoy modern
amenities in a true kampung setting.

Residents get to enjoy the best of both worlds.

The Kampung Tradisi programme is jointly undertaken by the Prime
Minister's Department and the Kedah Government.

Two pilot projects have been completed involving the construction of 352
houses in Temin and Binjal in Kubang Pasu district, north of Alor Star.

Kampung Tradisi Lembah Keriang in Jalan Sintok, Temin, has 191 units on
a 26.6ha site.

Another 161 units are at Kampung Tradisi Paya Pahlawan in Binjal on
31.2ha of land.

The houses are two-storey units.

On the ground floor is a bedroom, kitchen, dining area and toilet.
Another two bedrooms, a toilet and a living room are on the second floor.

Two sets of staircases link the upper and lower storeys. One is inside
the house; the other outside.

The project was started in Oct 2002. The houses are now ready for
occupation and residents are expected to move in soon.

Project developer Pedoman Semarak Sdn Bhd's company secretary and
finance manager Mohamad Hatar Ismail said the project was the first of its
kind in the country, and might be used as a blueprint for modern rural
villages in the future.

He said several States, including Johor, Perak, Malacca and Negeri
Sembilan, had expressed interest in starting similar villages to address
the housing needs of lower-income families in rural areas.

Mohamad Hatar said the idea of a well-planned modern village was mooted
by former Prime Minister Tun Dr Mahathir Mohamad several years ago, when
he cited examples of how small hamlets in England grew to become towns.

He said the former premier specifically wanted the traditional concept
of community living to be maintained while incorporating modern features.

"The idea of kampung living is idyllic, with wooden houses and enough
land around them to rear poultry and plant trees," Mohamad Hatar said.

He said the houses are linked to a central sewage treatment plant, and
other amenities such as a mosque for the village in Temin and a surau in
Binjal.

Each Kampung Tradisi community will also have a police station, a
clinic, a community resource centre, offices for the village head, a post
office, a market, a kindergarten and shops.

The design also incorporates culde-sac roads to minimise traffic and
make the roads safe for children.

Each unit will have a floor area of between 727 and 743 square feet,
while the land area is between 10,000 and 12,000 square feet.

Flood mitigation measures were also included, with a pond built to store
excess water run-off during rainy seasons. It will also serve as a
recreational spot for the neighbourhood.

"The buyers are actually getting a bargain because the project is
heavily subsidised, with the State Government providing the land while the
construction cost is borne by the Federal Government," said Mohamad Hatar.

"The total cost for the project is about RM90 million and the buyers are
getting the house at a bargain price since it is valued at RM80,000 per
unit if sold in the open market.

"The beauty of it is that the houses are already completed with the
Certificate of Fitness issued for Kampung Temin and a temporary CF for
Binjal."

Five types of fruit trees and herbal plants like serai wangi and pandan
are already planted to help demarcate property boundaries.

"The prospective buyers need only to wash their feet and go in because
the houses are already completed and ready for occupation."

Houseowners are also allowed to make renovations or to build additional
houses on their land, on pre-approved guidelines and designs, by applying
to the local authority.

"But they must maintain the facade and the spirit of the traditional
village and this rules out tearing the house down to build a bungalow," he
said.

The houses may even become the latest tourist attraction as there are
plans by the State Government to promote it as a model village.


LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

            Copyright 2004 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad


                             937 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                            June 11, 2003 Wednesday
                                  Late Edition

Global gloom leaves bank with rates dilemma

BYLINE: Matt Wade

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 504 words


Home borrowing has surged to a monthly record, despite Reserve Bank warnings
that the debt binge poses the greatest single domestic threat to the economy.

Lending for owner-occupied houses reached an all-time high of $9.4 billion in
April, with the average loan jumping to $177,000. In NSW the average home loan
was $220,000.

The stronger than expected home borrowing figures underscored an interest rate
dilemma facing the Reserve as it balances runaway household debt with a
threatening global economic slump.

The number of loans for new construction rose 2.3 per cent in the month,
although the total of new lending commitments was down a little.

A record 28 per cent of new loans were for refinancing existing loans.

The governor of the Reserve Bank, Ian Macfarlane, indicated on Friday that the
weak world economy made a cut in interest rates more likely, but did not hide
his concern that low rates were fuelling growth in borrowing and home prices.

Mr Macfarlane said credit to the household sector for housing purposes had grown
by an unsustainable 21 per cent in the past year, while home investment
borrowing had grown even more about 28 per cent.

"We have a situation where credit is growing a good deal faster than appears
necessary to satisfy the needs of the economy," he said.

Paul Brennan, an economist with Citigroup, said yesterday's housing figures
would do little to ease the Reserve's concerns.

"The housing data probably adds to any dilemma the RBA may have about lowering
interest rates," he said. "Growth in credit to owner occupiers is accelerating,
and new construction approvals continue to strengthen."

Two separate surveys published yesterday added weight to the view that the
broader economy is slowing down.

The ANZ job advertisement survey showed an 8 per cent rise in job listings,
failing to make up for a 12 per cent plunge the previous month. That left
newspaper job advertisements down 5.5 per cent compared with last year. The
trend in job advertisements in NSW is down markedly, despite a rise last month.

The ANZ's chief economist, Saul Eslake, said the results pointed to slower
employment growth in the months ahead.

"An easing in the pace of growth in domestic demand, the impact of weak global
growth on Australia's export sector, the SARS-related fall in international
tourism and the ongoing effects of the drought in rural and regional Australia
are all likely to have adversely affected hiring intentions in recent months,"
he said. "Weaker jobs growth could see the unemployment rate drift up towards
6.5 per cent in the next few months."

National Australia Bank's monthly business survey showed economic conditions
remained strong last month, but a number of forward-looking indicators were
weaker and business confidence fell.

It showed firms with a significant exposure to the world economy especially
exporters were being affected by deteriorating conditions overseas.

"The survey suggests that fundamentally the economy remains robust, but is in
the process of slowing," the report said.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: THREE GRAPHS: BUSINESS CONFIDENCE AND CONDITIONS SOURCE: NAB HOUSING
FINANCE SOURCE: ABS JOBS ADS AND EMPLPYMENT GROWTH SOURCE: ANZ, ABS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2003 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             938 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                            October 16, 2009 Friday

Factory to make fuel from waste;
It will create 70 jobs in Brantley County

BYLINE: MIKE MORRISON

SECTION: Pg. A-1

LENGTH: 649 words


WAYNESVILLE - A new company announced plans Thursday for a $130 million factory
in Brantley County that will turn waste forest products into fuel pellets and
electricity.

Magnolia BioPower LLC will be on an 80-acre site off U.S. 82 about halfway
between the Waynesville and Atkinson communities in eastern Brantley County and
should be up and running by spring 2012, officials said.

The plant ultimately will employ about 70 workers at about $30,000 a year,
Executive Director John Swaan said, although some skilled workers will earn
more.

Daniel Dukes, a real estate developer who owns about 10,000 acres in Brantley
and surrounding counties, will build the plant with loans and equity financing.
He is Magnolia's president and chief financial officer.

Mainly a developer of residential property, he looked to diversify when the
housing boom burst.

"We've been working on this project for a couple of years," Dukes said. "It
arose out of having a bunch of land with trees on it."

The plant will be built in three phases: the first, a $50 million project
possibly beginning by the end of the year, and two others at $40 million each
following quickly, said Ron Ham, the company's project manager and vice
president of operations.

When all phases are operating, the plant will turn out a million tons of wood
pellets a year and generate 30 megawatts of electricity, officials said.

Ham wore two hats during Thursday's ceremony because he also serves as chairman
of the Brantley County Commission. Speaking as chairman, he said the
announcement is very good news for the rural county with little industry.

"This is a truly perfect industry for Brantley County," he said. "All of those
people who have been down-sized, right-sized or early-retired during the
economic recession will be able to go back to work."

The plant's wood pellets have the energy-producing potential of coal and will be
shipped to Europe, where they are in widespread use as a coal alternative.

"We hope to see interest grow for domestic use," Swaan said. "This is a green
fuel made from a renewable resource."

A Canadian who pioneered the wood pellet industry in that country before being
lured south to join Magnolia, Swaan said the new company won't compete with
paper mills and sawmills for forest products, but will use what those industries
cast off.

"We don't want to take a saw log that has a higher value, a higher calling," he
said. "That doesn't make sense. We'll use what the paper companies and sawmills
don't want. There's so much that's wasted right now."

When the first phase opens, it will require 100 truckloads of forest product a
day, Swaan said, increasing to 300 when all three phases are completed.

Material not used in the pellet-manufacturing process, including bark, will be
used to fuel the electricity generators. The plant will use 15 megawatts in its
operations. The remaining 15 megawatts will be sold back into the power grid.
One megawatt can power up to 900 homes.

Swaan said the finished product will be trucked to the Port of Brunswick for
shipment overseas. Should a domestic demand arise, there are nearby railroad
lines.

"Locations don't come any better," he said. "All the ducks line up."

The company touted the emerging industry's "greenness," or environmental
friendliness. And even Satilla Riverkeeper Gordon Rogers gave a qualified nod to
it.

"Generally speaking, we're in favor of burning wood rather than coal to generate
electricity," he said. "But I have not had an opportunity to be briefed on this
particular plan.

"Seventy jobs for Brantley County is wonderful, but I do have a few questions,
such as what the water consumption would be, and what the air effluents and
water effluents are."

Ham said the plant would not be a major guzzler of water.

"Our feasibility study, economic impact study and environmental impact study are
under way," he said. "Everything should be in place in 30 to 40 days."

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
TERRY DICKSON/The Times-Union John Swaan, executive director and CEO of Magnolia
BioPower, is at the plant site explaining how the company will produce fuel
pellets from wood that would otherwise go to waste.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 The Florida Times-Union


                             939 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                October 24, 1994

Manufactured Housing Activity Strong in Oregon Market This Year

BYLINE: By DONALD SORENSEN, NMN Correspondent

SECTION: REAL ESTATE; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 350 words

DATELINE: PORTLAND, Ore.


Housing activity is showing strong gains in Oregon, with one of the often
overlooked segments of the industry sharing in the growth and becoming more
popular.

The manufactured housing business, which last year accounted for one-fourth of
all single-family homes purchased in the state of Oregon, is registering
impressive gains.

The percentage is even greater in rural areas of the state.

In two counties -- Jefferson and Malheur -- virtually 100% of new homes sold
last year came from factories, industry observers say.

The growing popularity of factory-built homes has attracted the attention of
financial institutions.

Washington Mutual Savings Bank is one of the prominent lenders.

"With manufactured housing onefourth of the market, you can't turn your back on
that," observes Robert Schoos, vice president of credit marketing for the bank.

Last year, Washington Mutual financed more than 6,200 loans for manufactured
homes in Oregon and Washington and this year it expects to top 7,000, Mr. Schoos
adds.

The popularity of these homes prompts the industry to stage the Portland
Manufactured Homes Show, an annual event that draws large crowds and allows
manufacturers to display the latest in their creations.

This year, the event drew an unusual number of people because of lower interest
rates.

More than 20 new homes were displayed with at least 12 manufacturers
represented.

These homes generally sell for less than on-site homes and the price tags at the
show ranged from $ 23,000 to $ 80,000.

The sizes ranged up to 2,700 square feet.

Financial institutions were well represented with at least eight of them having
staff on hand to explain financing terms.

Oregon is a major producer of manufactured houses and a number of the major
builders have plants in the state.  Oregon with 10 housing factories is the
largest producer of these homes west of the Mississippi River and ninth largest
in the nation.  Last year, it produced 10.576 units, the highest total since
1980.

Figures for this year are not available, but are expected to show increases.

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1994 National Thrift News, Inc.


                             940 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    BBC Monitoring Asia Pacific - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                           January 27, 2010 Wednesday

China's banking regulator urges lenders to keep even pace of credit growth

LENGTH: 288 words


Text of report in English by official Chinese news agency Xinhua (New China News
Agency)

[Xinhua: "China's Banking Regulator Urges Lenders To Keep Even Pace of Credit
Growth"]

BEIJING, Jan. 27 (Xinhua) - China's banking regulator asked lenders to keep
credit growth at reasonable pace in 2010 and vowed to tighten supervision on
property loans amid increasing risk of asset bubbles.

"Banks should reasonably control new loans, better manage the pace and try to
achieve balanced issuance and steady growth of credit quarter by quarter, " Liu
Mingkang, chairman of the China Banking Regulatory Commission (CBRC) at a
meeting on Tuesday.

Despite regulator's repeated warnings on risks hidden from the record 9.6
trillion yuan of new loans last year, banks rushed to lend more than 1 trillion
yuan in the first month of this year in fear of the expected tighter loan policy
in 2010 after the credit binge last year as media reported.

An official with the Industrial and Commercial Bank of China told Xinhua the
credit growth in the first ten days of January was a little bit fast, and turned
smooth in the last days of the month.

According to the statement posted on CBRC's Web site on Wednesday, Liu said the
regulator will pay special attention to the changes in the property market,
strictly enforce relevant policy, and beef up the "window guidance" over credit
to the real estate sector.

But he restated banks should continue to support first-time home buyers.

Liu also told banks to continue lending to fund rural development, small
business, consumer spending and environmental protection.

He said banks should keep adequate capital and heed of resurgence of bad loans.

Source: Xinhua news agency, Beijing, in English 1423 gmt 27 Jan 10

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2010 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             941 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       Telegram & Gazette (Massachusetts)

                    January 22, 2002 Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Wiring is key to let in tenants;
 Union Station hearing process

BYLINE: Nick Kotsopoulos; TELEGRAM & GAZETTE STAFF

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 510 words

DATELINE: WORCESTER



- The City Council's Commerce and Development Committee will meet Monday to
establish a public hearing process and hearing dates for the Union
Station/Washington Square development plan.

Councilor-at-Large Dennis L. Irish, committee chairman, said the panel also will
review City Manager Thomas R. Hoover's recommendation to borrow $2.8 million so
that utilities and other infrastructure needs can be provided for potential
tenants in the 26,565 square feet of space at Union Station.

The City Council last week gave preliminary approval to the loan order, but the
three-member Commerce and Development Committee will review that proposal in
detail before it goes back to the council for final action in a few weeks.

In a report to the City Council, Philip J. Niddrie, the city's chief development
officer, said the $2.8 million loan order was based on the need to move as
quickly as possible on ''building out'' Union Station. He said the amount of the
loan order was based on estimates by the city's consultant, Wallace Floyd Design
Group.

''It is, obviously, not our intention to spend these funds until we have a
design and engineering firm confirm our initial figures,'' Mr. Niddrie wrote in
the report. ''The bottom line is that we must do the build out to move the
station along and to prepare for the tax credit deadline of November 2003.''

The Commerce and Development Committee meeting is scheduled for 5 p.m. Monday.
Mr. Irish said he encourages anyone interested in the hearing process to attend.

In a related matter, the recent unveiling of the Union Station/Washington Square
development proposal has sparked renewed interest among private developers,
according to officials.

Mr. Niddrie said after the plans were formally presented to the City Council
Jan. 15, his office received an inquiry from an individual with ''significant
interest in a good amount of space'' in Union Station.

He said the portion of the station they are interested in is the eastern end of
the building, abutting Grafton Street. There is about 6,800 square feet of space
in that part of Union Station. That space, however, needs utilities and other
infrastructure improvements, such as water and sewer connections.

''We had previously received many inquiries about Union Station, but this
particular party contacted us after we had made our presentation to the City
Council,'' Mr. Niddrie said. ''It appears the word is getting out about this
project.''

Mr. Niddrie said there are other developers interested in the housing and bus
station/hotel components of the development plan.

He said there is interest in the housing site, and Peter Pan Bus Lines owner
Peter Picknelly Sr. has expressed interest in developing the hotel/bus station.

''But everybody is pretty much waiting to see what the final configuration of
the roadway in Washington Square will be,'' Mr. Niddrie said. ''That will be key
to determining where the development parcels will be and how they can be
accessed. There's a lot going on, but there's still a lot to do.''

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 2002 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.


                             942 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Herald (Harare)

                                October 10, 2013

Property Sector Poised for Boom

BYLINE: Blessing Bonga

LENGTH: 904 words


The property sector is set to boom as building societies and insurance companies
are responding to the demand for housing through different initiatives in the
country.The building societies and insurance companies have come up with housing
schemes that are tailor-made to suit the different economic classes of the
Zimbabwean society with terms that make it easier to own a home especially at a
time the economy is grappling with liquidity challenges.

Schemes range from those that extend loans in order to finance construction of a
house to mortgages for purchasing completed housing units.

FBC Building Society is embarking on a 72 cluster medium-density housing project
in Waterfalls, Harare, that is expected to be complete by the end of the year.

The Masotsha Ndhlovu housing scheme, whose construction started last month, will
see potential home owners forking out US$130 000 cash for a house while there
are also terms for those that cannot afford cash.

The terms will include a payment of US$36 500 initial deposit while the balance
will be payable in a 10-year mortgage bond with clients expected to pay monthly
instalments of US$1 800 for the next 10 years.

The scheme is open to anyone including those that are not FBC clients on
condition that they pay the stipulated deposit. An official from the building
society said in the event that one fails to continue with the scheme, "the
institution will repossess the house, calculate how much the client had paid in
instalments before charging interests and a penalty while the balance will be
paid back to the client".

The initial phase of 18 fully completed housing units will have three bedrooms
(main en-suite), an open plan lounge and kitchen, single lock-up garage, private
garden, landscaping, security wall with electric fence and gate, intercom and
guard house. FBC is also undertaking an almost similar project in Greendale

Another financial institution, CBZ Bank, through its mortgage and finance
department has also unveiled a housing facility that is, however, only open to
the bank's account holders.

The scheme is only for residential stands and beneficiaries would be expected to
build their own houses. According to the bank, a credit facility is extended by
the bank for purposes of acquiring a stand that is a registered bond payable
over 10 years and in the event that one fails to continue with the scheme, the
bank will calculate the total amount contributed by the client then charge
interest plus penalty and pay out the remainder.

The stands on sale are low-density stands in Gweru located along the Shurugwi
highway averaging between 1 800 square metres and 3 500 square metres while the
Mt Pleasant Heights scheme in Harare is yet to go onto the market.

Cash prices are pegged at between US$21 000 and US$34 500 for the smallest and
largest Gweru stands respectively. For the smallest, a deposit of US$9 000 is
required while thereafter one will have to pay US$300 in monthly instalments
while for the largest stands customers will have to pay US$16 000 as deposit,
while about US$700 would be due every month.

For the 10-year balance payment period there is an interest rate of 18,5 percent
per annum that is charged. Fidelity Life Assurance Company is also developing
its South View Park high-density project located along the Harare-Masvingo
highway.

The scheme is open to anyone as long as they pay the required deposit of US$2
500. An environmental impact assessment is being carried out on the site as
permission has already been granted by the local authority while prospective
buyers are already free to approach the company.

Fidelity will provide all the basic infrastructural services on the construction
site which includes roads, sewer system and provision of water while customers
will be expected to develop the stands on their own.

The balance is expected to be paid over five years or 10 years. For the
five-year payment period, customers will be required to pay monthly instalments
of US$89, while for the 10-year scheme customers will be required to pay US$143
per month.

According to a Bard Real Estate property market report, the country continues to
experience a huge demand for serviced residential stands in most towns, while
the lack of key infrastructure has hindered the supply side of new stands, a
recent property market report has revealed.

The report, which was released last year, noted that the lack of infrastructure
such as good road networks, consistent water and electricity supply have
contributed to an increase in the number of properties, especially in Harare's
low-density areas that cannot be let or sold.

The report pegs the average prices for serviced high-, medium- and low-density
land in Harare at US$25, US$18 and US$15 per square metre, while in Bulawayo
they average US$12, US$10 and US$6 respectively.

Completed housing units in the two major cities were also pegged at an average
of US$30 000 for the high-density, US$80 000 low-density and US$150 000 for
Harare while in Bulawayo prices averaged US$12 000, US$50 000 and US$120 000 for
the high-, medium- and low-density units respectively.

The report also noted that in terms of residential rentals per month in prime
locations, Zimbabwe remains among the cheapest in the region with an average of
about US$2 000 while Angola charges the highest average of US$20 000 per month.

Malawi charges the least average that is pegged at around US$1 000 per month.

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             943 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  My Republica

                             April 22, 2016 Friday

Survivors still living in tents

LENGTH: 1051 words

DATELINE: Nepal


Nepal, April 22 -- Seven members of two families became homeless when earthquake
of April 25 floored their three-storied building in the ancient town of Sankhu.
Though it has already been a year since the earthquake, families of Panchalaxmi
Manandhar and her brother-in-law still live in makeshift tents. They have no
idea how they will build two homes in a plot measuring less than one ana (342 sq
ft) as their income is sufficient to meet only their basic needs.

"We can't afford to buy land; it's too expensive. The land, where our houses
stood before the quake, is too small for two houses,"

Panchalaxmi, who works as a seamstress, said. "We shared flats when my
brother-in-law got separated. Now, we don't have money to build our homes."

Her husband works as a laborer in construction sector.

Panchalaxmi is not the only one. Most of the 900 families in Sankhu, which was
devastated by the earthquake, have the same problem. In fact, it is a common
story of poor people in urban and semi urban centers.

Panchalaxmi has received only Rs 15,000 as immediate relief from the government.
"We are desperately waiting for the housing grant announced by the government.
However, we don't know when the government will come to help us," Panchalaxmi
said, adding that she doesn't know whether the government will provide separate
housing grant to her brother-in-law.

National Reconstruction Authority, last week, decided to provide housing grants
to separate families if they are living in the same house. But the grant will be
provided only after conducting public hearing and verification by the local
authority.

Though the government announced to provide housing grant of Rs 200,000 to each
household in mid-July, it started distribution only recently from Dolakha
district. Many say the amount is too little to build their homes.

Officials of National Reconstruction Authority (NRA) do not have any idea when
exactly quake survivors like Panchalaxmi will receive the amount as a survey of
beneficiary households in Kathmandu Valley is yet to be done.

Chandra Bahadur Shrestha, a member of NRA and also a housing expert, said that
it might take at least another two months to begin distribution of housing
grants in Kathmandu, Lalitpur and Bhaktapur district.

Not only the poor families, people, who are capable of building their house, are
also confused as banks and financial institutions have turned down their loan
proposals. Panchalaxmi's neighbor Rameshwor Shrestha has already completed
concrete structure of his new home. But construction work has been halted after
he ran out of money. "I applied for loan at the Agricultural Development Bank
Ltd to complete construction of my house. But bank officials rejected my
application, stating that they have not got received direction from higher
authority regarding financing for quake-damaged houses," Rameshwor said.

Shrestha has reinstated his hardware shop which was buried when his
three-storied house collapsed. He lost goods worth Rs 100,000.

Only 641 households have received Rs 50,000 as the first tranche of housing
grant so far. NRA's Chandra Bahadur Shrestha said it might take three to four
months to finalize the list of beneficiary households.

This means quake-survivors will have to brave yet another rainy season in
make-shift tents.

NRA officials, who are clearly oblivious of the plight of earthquake survivors,
simply say the work pace is slow but is ready to take momentum.

At least three mega events have been organized to kick-start reconstruction. But
it has not moved ahead an inch except distributing grants to few hundred
households. NRA has to distribute housing grant to as many as 600,000
households.

The delay in distribution of housing grants has affected reconstruction work by
people. It has thrown cold water on hopes that our economy will rebound one
reconstruction work kick-starts. Development partners like the Asian Development
Bank (ADB) and the World Bank (WB) have projected less than two percent growth
in the current fiscal year.

NRA got its chief executive on December 25 - seven months after the earthquake -
because of political wrangling over its formation, jurisdiction and choice of
leadership and its key members as well as staffers.

NRA officials are now scrambling to give an impression that rebuilding work has
started in one way or the other. "We want to make sure that works in all sectors
will start by the earthquake anniversary," Ram Prasad Thapaliya, spokesperson of
NRA, said.

President Bidhya Devi Bhandari kick-started reconstruction amid gala event held
at Ranipokhari on January 16. Similar event was also organized in Pilachhe of
Lalitpur on the same day. In February, KP Sharma Oli kick-started a campaign to
rebuild Dharahara. But these events were clearly for publicity only.

"Preparation of legal frameworks and documents together with delay in
identification and verification of beneficiary households took time," said
Thapaliya.

NRA so far has released Rs 5 billion to different ministries for rebuilding
schools, health posts and historical sites and cultural sites. The authority has
received Rs 65 billion from the Ministry of Finance which has already signed
project agreements with different development partners for the assistance worth
approximately Rs 136 billion (US $ 1.28 billion). This amount is a part of total
commitments of $4.1 billion received during International Conference on Nepal's
Reconstruction held on June 25 last year.

To meet resources gap for rebuilding and reconstruction, NRA has now opened door
for NGOs and INGOs to distribute housing grants.

Officials expect this will cover around 30,000 households with housing grants of
Rs 6 billion.

"This will help us to meet resources gap," Baikuntha Aryal, who heads Foreign
Aid Division of the finance ministry, said.

NGOs and INGOs can also distribute additional grants of Rs 50,000 to needy
households. NGOs can provide assistance to 50 households, while the threshold
for INGOs has been set at 250 households.

Gopal Lamsal, president of NGO Federation, said housing grant of Rs 200,000 is
insufficient to build houses even in rural areas.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Republica. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 Nepal Republic Media Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             944 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 2, 2013 Wednesday

Republican Led House of Representatives Shuts Down Federal Government

LENGTH: 1294  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the House of Representative Corrine Brown, U.S Government has issued
the following news release:

Congresswoman Corrine Brown made the following statement:

"By shutting down the United States government, House Republicans have proven
that they are willing to follow through on their threats to the prosperity and
security of our nation - and cause hundreds of thousands of middle-class workers
to be furloughed immediately - all in the name of a pointless attempt to undo
the Affordable Care Act.  Given that the Affordable Care Act passed both
chambers of the United States Congress, was signed into law by the President of
the United States, upheld by the United States Supreme Court, and received a
stamp of approval by the American public when they voted to re-elect President
Obama, it is now time for House Republicans to accept the ACA, discontinue their
obstructionist tactics, and assist their constituents to receive the numerous
heath care benefits that Obamacare offers.

Ironically, even though House Republicans have shut down the government, the
Affordable Care Act is still being implemented today, October 1st, since the
health insurance exchanges are opening regardless of discretionary funding
levels or passage of the CR.  After 42 failed attempts to repeal and defund the
Affordable Care Act, the House majority has chosen to shut down our government
rather than work with President Obama and House Democrats to implement the law,
ignoring the fact that Americans have already begun receiving benefits of the
Affordable Care Act.

By not passing a Continuing Resolution, the House majority has once again placed
partisanship over doing what is best for the American people. The salaries of
more than 800,000 federal employees are at risk, causing them and their families
to face uncertainty with respect to their financial obligations. Additionally,
housing loans to low and middle income families in rural communities, small
businesses and farmers will be put on hold; and job creation will likely slow
considerably because of market uncertainty, endangering our fragile economic
recovery.

While the military would continue working, roughly 400,000 civilian employees --
half of the Pentagon's civilian workforce -- are facing furloughs in a
government shutdown. That comes on top of the civilian furloughs that hit the
Pentagon this year as a result of the sequestration budget cuts. In addition to
civilian furloughs, the Pentagon will curtail day-to-day military operations and
bring new contracts to a halt.  While at the Department of Veterans' Affairs,
roughly 14,000 members of the VA's workforce face furloughs; while compensation,
pension and other benefits that the VA pays out could be disrupted if a shutdown
lasts one month or longer.

The American people have seen enough, and the time has come for Republicans to
abandon their reckless and irresponsible agenda and join Democrats to honor
America's commitments to provide vital services to our citizens which they have
paid for with their hard earned tax dollars. I urge Speaker Boehner, Leader
Cantor, and the Republican Party to end its shutdown by working with Democrats
to pass a clean funding bill and end this charade immediately."

According to the Obama Administration:

·       Hundreds of thousands of Federal employees are being immediately and
indefinitely furloughed, and many Federal employees and contractors that
continue to work will not be paid during the shutdown.

·       Housing loans to low and middle income families in rural communities
will be put on hold, as will start-up business loans for farmers and ranchers.

·       SBA will stop approving applications for small businesses to obtain
loans and loan guarantees.  In a typical month, SBA approves over $1 billion in
loan assistance to small businesses.

·       All facilities and services in our national parks will be closed, as
will the Smithsonian, impacting the hundreds of thousands of people that visit
these sites daily, which will have severely negative impacts on the surrounding
local communities that rely on the revenue generated by travel and tourism to
these destinations.

·       Important government research into life-threatening diseases,
environmental protection, and other areas will be halted.

·       The government will stop issuing permits to conduct drilling operations
on Federal lands, and will stop or delay environmental reviews of planned
transportation and energy-related projects, keeping companies from working on
these projects.

Fact Sheet: A Republican Shutdown Hurts Florida's Economy and Middle Class

A shutdown could delay financial support for Florida's small businesses. In
FY2012, the SBA's flagship 7(a) and 504 loans programs approved 53,847
applications and supported 571,383 jobs, for an average of just over 1,000
applications per week. A shut down would put a stop to this critical source of
small business credit until the government resumes operation. According to the
SBA, Florida is home to 396,515 small businesses. [Small Business Administration
FY14 Budget Justification; SBA]

A shutdown could delay military pay and hurt military families in Florida. The
Department of Defense estimates that during a shutdown nearly half of the
civilian workforce would be sent home without pay, while the rest would continue
to work for delayed pay, impacting the 31,149 civilian workers in Florida.
94,304 service members in Florida would remain on duty, but would see their pay
delayed if the shutdown extends for more than 10 days. Military members,
veterans, retirees, and their families are on pace to redeem more than $100
million in Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program benefits this year and many
service members, especially the most junior, live paycheck to paycheck.
[Military.com, 9/20/13; Huffington Post, 6/19/13; DoD]

A shutdown could put 89,000 federal employees in Florida out of work. Federal
employees around the country would potentially be furloughed during a government
shutdown. These workers may see reductions in their pay from the time they were
forced to stay home because the government was shuttered. [Census; Washington
Post, 9/23/13]

Possible Additional Consequences of a Government Shutdown

Many federal agencies are still attempting to determine exactly how a shutdown
would impact their programs and operations. The following are consequences of
previous government shutdowns that may or may not come to pass in a future
shutdown.

Social Security checks for new seniors. Although checks for current Social
Security benefits would still go out during a shutdown, applications for new
benefits would be delayed and services for seniors could be significantly
curtailed. As a result of furloughs and service cuts during the last shutdown,
112,000 claims for Social Security and disability benefits were not be taken,
212,000 applications for Social Security Numbers were not taken, and 800,000
callers were denied service on the Social Security Administration's 800 number.
In 2012, 4,004,631 people received Social Security benefits in Florida. [SSA
History; SAA, 2012]

Veterans' benefits. New veterans' educational, compensation and pension benefits
processing could be delayed. During the 1995-96 shutdowns, more than 400,000
veterans saw their disability benefits and pension claims delayed, while
educational benefits were delayed for 170,000 veterans. Florida has 1,520,563
veterans. [Army Times, 2/3/11; CNN, 1/4/96; VA]

School readiness. A government shutdown could force Head Start centers around
the country to close. During FY12, an estimated 1,600 Head Start agencies served
over 950,000 children, including 38,304 children in Florida. [CAP, 4/11; HHS;
CRS, 1/9/13]

For further information please visit: http://corrinebrown.house.gov

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             945 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Reading Eagle, Pennsylvania

               Distributed by Knight/Ridder Tribune News Service

                             March 26, 2006 Sunday

Northwest Berks group pursues preservation: The first project is an effort to
preserve a dozen buildings and about 6 acres in Jefferson Township.

BYLINE: Holly Herman, Reading Eagle, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 512 words


Mar. 26--More than two dozen residents met Saturday to learn ways to prevent
developers from destroying historical buildings and farmland in northwestern
Berks County.

Developers will press to build in rural areas, said Sandra R. Kauffman,
president of the Andulhea Heritage Center, a Rehrersburg-based preservationist
group.

"I grew up in this area and I want to preserve the land," Kauffman said to the
group in the Bernville Grange, Jefferson Township. "We want to save our
historical structures. There are a lot of things that we can do to help."

Kauffman said the group's first project is to preserve a dozen buildings on the
former Forry Potteiger farm off Route 183 near New Schaefferstown.

She said that the Potteiger farm was sold in 2003 and that Pottstown developer
Manley Partners LLC has proposed a 30-home development for the 66-acre tract.

Robin Harper, a Jefferson Township supervisor, said the township has been
successful in working with the developer on historic preservation.

"We took the developers on a tour of the township on Thursday," Harper told the
group. "You must sit down and work with them. It's a win-win situation. We want
to save the farm, and they are working with us on it."

Harper said the goal is not to stop development of the site, but to preserve
about 6 acres of farmland and the farm buildings.

Preservationists hope to transform the farmhouse into a museum.

Kauffman said the residents would like to see housing developments built closer
to towns and rural areas preserve their character.

The group is focusing its efforts on Jefferson, Penn, Tulpehocken, Upper Bern,
Upper Tulpehocken and Bethel townships, and Bernville and Strausstown boroughs.

Berks County Commissioner Judith L. Schwank informed the group that the county
has obtained a $36 million loan to preserve farmland and historical
preservation.

Schwank, chairwoman of the commissioners, said the county's special treasures
must be preserved.

"The wave of the future is growth," Schwank said. "We will be facing the issues
of preserving the farmsteads and the historical buildings."

Schwank said the county is working on a plan to identify historical landmarks,

George M. Meiser IX, a Berks County historian, suggested that municipalities
prioritize what sites are of historic significance.

"You can't save everything," he said. "It's a tough battle to preserve."

Michel R. Lefevre, chief preservation planner for the state Historical and
Museum Commission, said development is eating up the county's beauty.

"This is the last of the beautiful farmland that is left," Lefevre said of
Berks. "People come here because they think it is beautiful and wonderful."

Lefevre said he will work with municipalities to develop ordinances that protect
historical buildings.

Contact reporter Holly Herman at 610-478-6291 or hherman@readingeagle.com.

Copyright (c) 2006, Reading Eagle, Pa. Distributed by Knight Ridder/Tribune
Business News. For information on republishing this content, contact us at (800)
661-2511 (U.S.), (213) 237-4914 (worldwide), fax (213) 237-6515, or e-mail
reprints@krtinfo.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20060326-RE-0326-Northwest-Berks-group-pursues-preservation

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RE


                          Copyright 2006 Reading Eagle


                             946 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  Times Colonist (Victoria, British Columbia)

                             March 7, 2009 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

CMHC projects for sustainability; Corporation has several EQuilibrium
demonstration projects on the go

BYLINE: Canwest News Service

SECTION: HOMES; Pg. E8

LENGTH: 916  words


The Canada Mortgage and Housing Corporation launched its EQuilibrium initiative
in 2006, bringing together the private and public sectors to develop model homes
designed for sustainable living. Twelve winning projects were announced in
February 2007, of which six have been built. The houses will be open to public
and professional tours for a minimum of six months. After the demonstration
period, the houses will be sold and monitored for performance for a minimum of
one year.

Winners each receive $60,000 from the CMHC but most of the building costs are
borne by the builder.

The EQuilibrium initiative has since been expanded, and a further three projects
were announced a couple of weeks ago. They are:

- The Green Dream Home in Kamloops: a partnership between the Canadian Home
Builders' Association (CHBA) Central Interior Chapter and Thompson Rivers
University (TRU);

- The Harmony House in Burnaby: a project by Habitat Design + Consulting Ltd.
and Insightful Healthy Homes Ltd.; and,

- The Moncton VISION Home in Moncton, N.B.: a project by AlternaHome Solutions
Inc. in partnership with Vision Land Development Inc..

In addition to the Alstonvale Net Zero Energy House under construction in
Hudson, Que., 11 other EQuilibrium demonstration homes have been built or are
under construction:

- Abondance le Soleil -- Verdun, Que.

Montreal-area urban infill housing for three Quebec families designed to produce
more energy than it consumes each year.

The triplex will get its energy from several sources, including a geothermal
heat pump system, solar thermal panels and photovoltaic array. It also has
toilets that use captured rainwater, which will reduce the demand on city sewers
by 75 per cent.

- EcoTerra -- Eastman, Que.

A rural single-family home east of Montreal oriented to maximize solar exposure
and designed to produce as much energy as it consumes. Other features include
reduced CO2 emissions, sustainable use of materials through recycling and waste
reduction, and off-site manufacturing to reduce environmental impact.

Open for tours.

- Avalon Discovery 3 -- Red Deer, Alta.

A single-family home with integrated renewable solar and space heating, and a
highly insulated building envelope. Additional features include greywater
recycling system for laundry, bathroom and irrigation, and no- or low-pollutant
emitting finishings.

Open for tours.

- EchoHaven -- Calgary, Alta.

Designed to be part of a community of healthy, low-impact homes laid out to
maximize solar exposure. The homes will share a variety of on-site renewable
energy systems, including a grid-tied photovoltaic array, and solar hot water
heating. Other features include 100-per-cent storm water retention on-site, and
greywater and balanced water strategies.

- Inspiration: the Minto ecohome -- Manotick, Ont.

An Ottawa-area home in a mixed-use, master-planned suburban development. Solar
thermal and photovoltaic power sources produce more energy than the house
consumes each year. Other features include double-wall construction with
strategically located triple pane windows, and an "all-off" switch to turn off
not only lights, but computers, cable boxes, amplifiers and other phantom-load
power consumption.

Open for tours.

- Now House -- Toronto, Ont.

A 60-year-old wartime house in an established neighbourhood in Toronto
retrofitted with the latest healthy, energy-efficient and sustainable features.
Improvements include insulation upgrades, new windows, solar hot-water panels, a
photovoltaic array, Energy Star-certified appliances, and a waste-water heat
recovery system.

Open for tours.

- Riverdale NetZero Project -- Edmonton, Alta.

A duplex designed to produce as much energy as it uses through photovoltaic
array and solar hot-water heating systems. Features include: air-tight
construction; 60 per cent reduction in indoor potable water use; regional,
recycled or abundant construction materials.

Open for tours.

- The Laebon Canadian Housing Energy Sustainable Solutions (CHESS) Project --
Red Deer, Alta.

A resource- and energy-efficient bungalow tailored to the climate extremes of
central Alberta with a highly efficient building envelope and geothermal, solar
thermal and solar photovoltaic renewable energy sources. It's designed to
accommodate the full life cycle of the occupants, improve indoor air quality,
and re-use building materials.

Open for tours.

- Top of the Annex TownHomes -- Toronto, Ont.

Three energy efficient infill town houses in a downtown area featuring a highly
insulated building envelope, energy-efficient glazing and ground-source heating
powered by solar PV panels. The downtown site also takes advantage of public
transit, allowing occupants to reduce or eliminate dependence on cars.

- Urban Ecology -- Winnipeg, Man.

The Winnipeg Housing Rehabilitation Corporation project will be a semi-detached,
environmentally friendly development in an inner-city Winnipeg neighbourhood.
The two units will be adapted to Winnipeg's climate: the units will have pitched
roofs so the photovoltaic energy system can remain free of snow in winter.

- YIPI! Net Zero Footprint Housing -- Prince Albert, Sask.

A rural home designed to take advantage of Saskatchewan's sunny climate through
the use of site-specific design. Ready-to-move (RTM) construction methods and
materials that can be ordered online make this house more affordable. Solar
power will provide energy while efficient appliances will keep energy
consumption to a minimum. It uses low-toxicity materials and an advanced
ventilation system.

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2009 Times Colonist, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication Inc.

                              All Rights Reserved


                             947 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Herald (Glasgow)

                               February 18, 1992

£3.3m aid to tackle problem of homeless

BYLINE: Frances Horsburgh, Local Government Correspondent

SECTION: Pg. 11

LENGTH: 652 words


A FURTHER £3.3m grant for Scottish Homes announced yesterday by the Government
is to go towards initiatives designed to bring empty properties back into use to
help the homeless.

Scottish Environment Minister Lord James Douglas-Hamilton, told a conference in
Edinburgh that he believed more could and should be done.

"Every empty house is a wasted opportunity," he said. "It could be someone's
home and could reduce the need to build new houses."

He emphasised that it would be wrong to regard vacant housing as an easy
solution to the homeless problem, but it would also be wrong to underestimate
the contribution the better use of such properties could make,

especially in rural areas.

Scottish Homes chief executive Peter McKinlay said that because of the extra
funding for 1992-93 the agency could step up its efforts with organisations like
the Forestry Commission and the Scottish Landowners' Federation to develop a
flexible range of options for the owners of such private properties.

Mr McKinlay said Scottish Homes also planned to develop the findings of a recent
research project into the future potential of empty properties above shops in
many town centres.

It was also working on a scheme to allow a housing association to act as
management agent for a private landlord

with empty, or under-used properties.

It is estimated that about 10% of the 25,000 properties owned by members of the
Scottish Landowners' Federation in rural areas are vacant, but not all are
likely to be habitable. The Forestry Commission has about 400 surplus houses,
but few are empty, and most are in remote locations.

Lord James told the conference, organised by the Glasgow-based Planning
Exchange, that the commission and Scottish Homes had agreed to give local
housing associations preference to acquire surplus houses and sites for new
dwellings, and some sales had already taken place at Glentrool in Galloway.

The Minister said he was glad to report that few houses in Scotland were empty
through repossessions, because of mortgage defaulting.

Scottish Homes and the Council of Mortgage Lenders had concluded that no special
schemes involving the lease of repossessed properties to housing

associations like those in the South-east of England, were so far necessary in
Scotland.

With regard to the public sector, he said that last year there were just under
26,00O empty houses owned by councils, Scottish Homes, and the five new towns.
This was about 3% of their total housing stock.

He did not accept that the number reported as void was necessary, and in 1992
-93 councils which lost more than 2.5% of their rent income because of empty
houses, would face a reduction in housing support grant.

Later, Glasgow housing director David Comley said Glasgow would lose £1.6m in
grants as a result, and had been forced to increase rents by 24p. The Government
ruling was based on nearly 6% lost rent from the number of empty council
properties, but if the lower figure for what the council regarded as lettable
vacant homes was used, it would be below the Government's 2.5%.

Glasgow had recently made great strides in letting such properties, and if the
Government removed from the calculations the empty houses earmarked for area
renewal and awaiting disposal, for example to community ownership and housing
associatons, it would prove a further £912 of housing grant per unit.

Mr Comley said he was glad to hear Lord James had also raised the issue of
Scottish Homes's own vacant properties. The housing director pointed to the
3l,000 Government-owned empty properties, many of which came under the control
of the Ministry of Defence.

* On Friday, Lord James will unveil a plaque to mark the completion by Whiteinch
and Scotstoun Housing Association of the 50,000th house to be improved by the
Housing Association Movement in Scotland.

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 1994

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Paper

                   Copyright 1992 Caledonian Newspapers Ltd.


                             948 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Stirling Observer

                                January 20, 2017
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Planning notices

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 641 words


Planning applications received by Stirling Council in the week ending January
18.

BALFRON House at garden ground to north of 43 Dunmore Street for Esther
Browning; Reslating of church roof using new Burlington slates of varying width
and diminishing course to match traditional appearance/details in lieu of repair
with second-hand Scotch slates at Balfron Church Of Scotland, Spoker's Loan, for
the kirk session of Balfron Parish Church of Scotland.

DRYMEN One-and-a-half storey house and detached garage for fishery manager (PPP
reference 10/00565/PPP) at land 210 metres west of Blairmore Farmhouse for Jenni
McAllister.

FINTRY Installation of PCP and BT broadband cabinet which at Fintry Telephone
Exchange, Main Street, for BritishTelecom; Installation of satellite dish and
decked area to rear of property (retrospective) and installation of wall-mounted
air source heat pump and erection of poly tunnel in rear garden atThe Clearic,
Main Street, for Gordon Motion.

KILLEARN Change of use of land from brownfield to extend garden ground
associated with Endrick Cottage at land 30 metres northwest of Endrick Cottage
for Bill Cullens; Amendment of house design approved under planning application
11/00270/FUL with associated landscaping, boundary treatments and works to trees
at land adjacent and southwest of Blacklaw, Drumbeg Loan, for M Kelvin;
Extensions and new roof construction including side and rear dormers to create
upper floor level for additional accommodation at 8 Branziert Road for Graham
Johnston.

KIPPEN House to be sited next to recently completed new agricultural shed at
land 255 metres north of Crawfordston Farm for Gavin Armstrong.

The planning schedule is available at planning reception, council access points,
libraries and www.stirling.gov.uk.

Applications received by Loch Lomond andTrossachs National Park in the week
beginning January 9. ABERFOYLE Change of use of land to form camper
van/motorhome site and associated ancillary works, extension to toilet block
atTrossachs Pier for Gordon Allan; Extension to bothy holiday accomodation atThe
Bothy, Glengyle Steading forT Pike and T Camp.

BALMAHA Twenty-unit affordable housing development (comprising 12 houses and
eight flats), formation of two housing plots, access road and associated
infrastructure at land east of Montrose House for Tony Teasdale, Rural Stirling
Housing Association Ltd.

CALLANDER Change of use of land to form campsite and siting of eight holiday
pods, erection of toilet/ shower building and formation of associated car
parking and access paths on site adjacent toTrossachs Pier, Loch Katrine, for
Gordon Allan; Installation of pontoon to existing pier and change of use and
alteration of boathouse to form visitor information centre at Brenachoile Pier,
Loch Katrine, for Gordon Allan.

CRIANLARICH Construction of two private houses at land adjacent to Station
House, Station Road, for Peter Bradford; Replacement house at former Clisham
Cottage for Mr and Mrs James Palmer.

DRYMEN Discharge of planning obligation associated with planning permission
2012/0066/DET at land north-west of Creitendam for James MacLaren.

GARTMORE Change of use of agricultural land to camping site (yurts) with
ancillary car park at Bridgend Cottage for Fiona Patterson; Alterations to house
comprising installation of replace windows, doors and roof lights, alteration of
garage door to form two windows, removal of porch, installation of flue and
replacement of flatroof at Clachaig, Main Street, for Eric Semple.

STRATHYRE Extension to side (east) and to rear (north) and short length of 1.8m
high timber fence and access gates to east side of house at Toll House for Mr
Leigh and Alison Martin.

TYNDRUM Notification of works to rail bridge at CononishViaduct for Lisa
Cameron.

The park schedule is available at park HQ in Balloch or via
www.lochlomond-trossachs.org.

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STO


                           Copyright 2017 MGN Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             949 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                      May 23, 1992, Saturday, City Edition

New loans approved for Key Center

BYLINE: KEN MORITSUGU

SECTION: CITRUS TIMES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 401 words

DATELINE: CRYSTAL RIVER



The Key Training Center has been approved for $ 600,000 in loans through the
Farmers Home Administration to build a thrift shop and employment training
center for its mentally retarded clients.

    The center plans to build an 8,000-square-foot building on 3 acres next to
its retail plant nursery on State Road 44, said Chet Cole, executive director of
Key Training Center.

    The front half of the building will house a thrift shop, similar to the
center's other three thrift shops around the county. The shops raise money for
its programs.

    In the rear, about 30 clients will work on crafts and process goods coming
into the thrift shop for sale. The building also will have a job service office
to help handicapped people find jobs.

    "It's going to enable our folks to have jobs in the community," Cole said at
a news conference Friday at the nursery. He said he hopes to have the new
building open by early next year.

    Farmers Home approved a $ 550,000 loan with a 5.75-percent interest rate for
the project about a month ago. The money comes from a program that helps develop
facilities to provide essential services in rural communities.

    On Friday, Farmers Home presented a letter of commitment to guarantee a $
50,000, 9-percent loan to Key Training Center from SunBank & Trust Co. The money
will be used to purchase equipment for the employment training center.

    The second loan is the first in Florida under a 3-year-old program in which
a private financial institution makes the loan, and Farmers Home commits to
reimburse up to 90 percent of the loan amount if the borrower defaults.

    The federal guarantee helps financial institutions make loans to needy
organizations that otherwise might not get them, said Jim Cherry, state director
for Farmers Home.     "By SunBank coming in and being willing to do this, that
allows us to use that $ 50,000 somewhere else in the state," he said.

    Farmers Home has introduced a similar guaranteed loan program for housing
for moderate-income people. The first home built in Florida under the program,
completed in March, was in Citrus County, too.

    Crystal River Bank made the 9-percent mortgage loan for the $ 48,000 home on
N Conant Avenue, which, coincidentally, is close to the planned site of the new
Key Training Center building.


LOAD-DATE: November 3, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: CITRUS TIMES

                            Times Publishing Company


                             950 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Western Daily Press

                            January 7, 2006 Saturday

Make village pub the hub of rural life

SECTION: Pg. 12

LENGTH: 244 words


Villagers living in Dymock, Gloucestershire, have reason to raise their glasses
to the future of the local pub - they own it.

Rural communities have faced huge difficulties over the past few years as
populations, social habits and lifestyles have changed beyond recognition.

Whereas every village used to have a pub, a school, a church, a shop, a village
hall and a garage, some now struggle to tick even one checkbox on the list.

But make no mistake, with the loss of such facilities goes the loss of the
community, and the very fabric of rural life.

All are important to the way country communities function, but perhaps the most
important are village pubs.

Far more than simple watering holes, they have the potential to fulfil a
business and a community role.

Perhaps they have to, if only to prevent simple economics turning pubs into
high-value housing sites.

The Beauchamp Arms in Dymock is now a community centre which the whole village
has a stake in, thanks to a loan from the 'Pub is the Hub' scheme.

But other rural pubs could assume the mantle of the village post office, shop,
arts centre, takeaway or tearoom.

If they run restaurants, maybe they could source food ingredients from local
bakers, butchers and cheesemakers.

Finding ways the local pub can work with the community and benefit everyone
could be quite a challenge.

But it could also be a most enjoyable task, with the bonus of retaining a vital
rural service and bolstering village life at the same time.

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Bristol United Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             951 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 21, 2014 Thursday

Agriculture, Rural Housing Service: SFH Technician SFH Technician

LENGTH: 2916  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of Personnel Management has issued the following job announcement:

Job Title:SFH Technician

Department:Department Of Agriculture

Agency:Agriculture, Rural Housing Service

Job Announcement Number:IN-2014-013
SALARY RANGE:
 $35,256.00 to $45,828.00 / Per Year
OPEN PERIOD:
 Wednesday, August 20, 2014 to Friday, August 29, 2014
SERIES & GRADE:
 GS-1101-06
POSITION INFORMATION:
 Full-Time - Permanent
PROMOTION POTENTIAL:
06
DUTY LOCATIONS:
 1 vacancy - Muncie, IN View Map
WHO MAY APPLY:


Current permanent Indiana Rural Development employees with competitive status,
reinstatement eligibles, persons with disabilities, VEOA/VRA eligibles, certain
military spouses, 30% or more disabled veterans, former Peace Corps or VISTA
volunteers, CTAP/ICTAP eligibles, Special Hiring Authorities.
SECURITY CLEARANCE:
 Q - Nonsensitive
SUPERVISORY STATUS:
 No
JOB SUMMARY:

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural Development Agency serves rural
communities throughout the country by investing in their communities through
housing and utility infrastructure, by increasing economic opportunity, and by
improving the quality of life for all rural Americans.  Rural Development
provides over 40 loan and grant programs in the Rural Housing and Community
Facilities Services, Rural Business and Cooperative Services, and Rural
Utilities Service. Rural Development supports a positive work environment and
promotes diversity and inclusion for nearly 5,000 employees.

Rural Development is a dynamic organization recruiting for employees who possess
the energy, compassion, and commitment to serve those in rural communities and
will enjoy working in a fast paced and results driven organization.  Our
commitment is to expand economic opportunity and quality of life in all of rural
America by providing financial programs to support essential public facilities
and services such as water and sewer systems, housing, health clinics, emergency
service facilities and electric and telephone service.  Rural Development offers
a friendly and professional working environment and such excellent benefits as:
a generous salary, alternative work schedules, paid vacation and sick leave,
paid holidays, retirement and supplemental savings plan, a wide array of health,
dental, vision, and life insurance plans, flexible spending accounts, and
long-term care insurance.

This position is being concurrently announced under Delegated Examining
Procedures on announcement number DEU-IN-2014-5097 which is open to any US
Citizen. Current and former Federal employees may apply to both announcements,
but should be sure to apply to this announcement to maximize opportunities for
consideration since different referral criteria apply to each announcement type.

The incumbent of this position will be a bargaining unit member of AFGE #622.
TRAVEL REQUIRED

Not Required

RELOCATION AUTHORIZED

No

KEY REQUIREMENTS

US Citizenship is required.
    Selective Service Registration is required for males born after 12/31/1959.
    A 1-year probationary period is required.

DUTIES:
Back to top

The incumbent is responsible for providing a comprehensive range and variety of
technical and administrative loan assistance duties and responsibilities
associated with the Single Family Housing loan and grant functions.

As a technical resources, the incumbent functions in a technical and
administrative support capacity and, as such, is assigned duties that involve
technical and administrative functions associated with the SFH loan portfolio.
In the conduct of these functions, the incumbent may perform one or more of the
following agency regulatory functions, practices and activities as may be
required by the assigned portfolio:

Loan and Grant Processin
    Loan and Grant Servicing
    Outreach and Public Information
    General Office Administration

QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED:
Back to top

Specialized experience is any experience that equipped the applicant with the
particular competencies to perform successfully the duties of the position, and
that is typically in or related to the work of the position to be filled.

For GS-06: Applicants must have 1 year of specialized experience equivalent to
at least the GS-05; or its non-Federal equivalent that demonstrates: experience
providing assistance in processing loans; providing basic information on loan
programs; accepting, verifying, screening loan applications; preparing
correspondence and memos on routine loan matters; maintaining various program
reports of loan/grant activity; and ensuring current information is included in
the resource data base, etc. There is no substitution of education for
experience at the GS-06 level.

Time in Grade must be met by the closing of this annoucement.
o  To be eligible for appointment to this position, the new hire must be cleared
to come on board once the results of the fingerprint check, review of the
OF-306, Declaration for Federal Employment, and the candidate's Electronic
Questionnaires for Investigations Processing (eQIP) entries have been reviewed
and determined to be satisfactory.  This position requires a favorable credit
check as part of the background investigation.
o  Selectee must be able to obtain and maintain a security clearance. If
selected you may be subject to a National Agency Check and Inquiry (NACI) and a
credit report inquiry.
o  May be subject to satisfactory completion of one year probationary or trial
period.

HOW YOU WILL BE EVALUATED:

You will be evaluated based on your qualifications for this position as
evidenced by the education, experience, and training you described in your
application package, as well as the responses to the Occupational Questionnaire
to determine the degree to which you possess the knowledge, skills, abilities
and competencies listed below:

Knowledge of loan and/or grant making and servicing policies and procedures.
        Skill in planning, scheduling, and organizing work.
        Knowledge of computer applications.
        Oral Communication.
        Written Communication.
        Office Skills.

We will review your application, including the online Occupational
Questionnaire, to ensure you meet the job requirements and assess your ability
to perform this job. Before any certificate can be issued to the selecting
official, the resume and supporting documents are reviewed by an HR Specialist
to ensure that (a) minimum qualification requirements are met and (b) the resume
supports the answers provided to the job-specific questions. Your answers will
be verified against information provided in your online resume and application.
Be sure that your resume clearly supports your responses to all the questions
addressing experience and education relevant to this position.
    Applicants who meet the basic minimum qualification requirements and are
determined to be among the best qualified candidates will be referred to the
hiring manager for consideration. Non-Competitive candidates need to meet
minimum qualification requirements to be referred.

Note: If, after reviewing your resume and / or supporting documentation, a
determination is made that you have inflated your qualifications and or
experience, your score can / will be lowered to more accurately reflect the
submitted documentation. Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or
omissions may affect your rating. Deliberate attempts to falsify information may
be grounds for not selecting you.

To view the application form, visit:
https://rhs.usda.ntis.gov/cp/?event=jobs.previewApplication&jobid=d63c4f2e-db68-
461f-94d9-a386009efcdb

BENEFITS:
Back to top

You can review our benefits at:
http://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/healthcare/enrollment/new-federal-employ
ee-enrollment/
The Federal Government offers a comprehensive benefits package.  Explore the
major benefits offered to most Federal employees at:
http://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/healthcare/enrollment/new-federal-employ
ee-enrollment/

OTHER INFORMATION:
o  If you are a male applicant born after December 31, 1959, certify that you
have registered with the Selective Service System or are exempt from having to
do so.
o  Career Transition Assistance Plan(CTAP) or Interagency Career Transition
Assistance Plan (ICTAP):   If you are claiming CTAP/ICTAP eligibility, provide
proof of eligibility to include your most recent performance appraisal, SF-50,
and proof of eligibility such as a RIF separation notice or letter from OPM/your
agency.  CTAP/ICTAP eligibles will be considered well-qualified if achieving a
rating of 88 or above.  Information about CTAP/ICTAP eligibility is on OPM's
Career Transition Resources website at http://www.opm.gov/ctap/index.asp.
o  BACKGROUND INVESTIGATION AND FINGERPRINT CHECK:  Selection and retention in
this position is contingent on a successfully adjudicated FBI National Criminal
History Check (fingerprint check) and a background investigation.
HOW TO APPLY:
Back to top

Please read the entire announcement and all the instructions before you begin.
The following instructions outline our application process.

You must complete this application process and submit all required documents
electronically by 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time (ET) on the closing date of this
announcement.
    We are available to assist you during business hours (normally 8:00 a.m. -
4:00 p.m., Monday - Friday). Applying online is highly encouraged. If applying
online poses a hardship, please contact our office during business hours well
before the closing date for an alternate method. All hardship application
packages with supporting documents must be submitted no later than noon on the
closing date of the announcement in order to be entered into the system prior to
its closing.
    This agency provides reasonable accommodation to applicants with
disabilities on a case-by-case basis; contact us if you are requesting this.

Step 1: Create a USAJOBS account (if you do not have one) at www.usajobs.gov. It
is recommended that as part of your profile you set up automatic email
notification to be informed when the status of your application changes. If you
choose not to set up this automatic notification, then you will have to log into
your USAJOBS account to check on the status of your application.


Step 2: Create a resume with USAJOBS or upload a resume into your USAJOBS
account. Customize your resume to ensure it documents duties and accomplishments
you have gained that are directly related to this position in order to verify
that qualifications are met. Your resume must support your responses to the
online questionnaire (you may preview the online questionnaire by clicking on
the link at the end of the How You Will Be Evaluated section of the job
announcement).

Step 3: Click "Apply Online" and follow the prompts to complete the Occupational
Questionnaire and attach any additional documents that may be required.
You can update your application or documents anytime while the announcement is
open. Log into your USAJOBS account and click on "Application Status." Click on
the position title, and then select "Update Application" to continue.
NOTE: Verify that uploaded documents from USAJOBs transfer into the Agency's
staffing system. Once in the Agency's staffing system you will have the
opportunity to upload additional documents. Uploaded documents must be less than
3MB and in one of the following document formats: GIF, JPG, JPEG, PNG, RTF, PDF,
or Word (DOC or DOCX).


REQUIRED DOCUMENTS:

A complete Application Package must be submitted and received prior to 11:59,
ET, on the closing date. The following documents are required for your
application package to be complete. Our office cannot be responsible for
incompatible software, illegible fax transmissions, delays in the mail service,
your system failure or downtime, etc. Failure to submit required, legible
documents may result in loss of consideration.

Resume that includes the following information: 1) personal information; 2)
education; 3) work experience including the work schedule and hours worked per
week as well as dates of employment; and title, series and grade if applicable;
4) supervisor's phone number and e-mail address for each work period listed and
whether or not we may contact them for reference checks; and, 5) other
qualifications.
    College Transcripts if education is required for meeting basic
qualifications and/or used as a substitute for specialized experience. An
unofficial copy is sufficient however, if selected; an official college
transcript will be required prior to entering on duty. Education must have been
successfully completed and obtained from an accredited school, college, or
university. Foreign education must be evaluated by an approved organization. For
additional information, refer to the U.S. Department of Education web site at
http://www.ed.gov. All transcripts must be in English or include an English
translation.

Other required documents as applicable:

Current/Former Career/Career-Conditional: Most recent non-award Notification of
Personnel Action (SF-50 or equivalent) showing that you are/were in the
competitive service, highest grade (or promotion potential) held on a permanent
basis, federal status, position title, series and grade AND most recently
completed performance appraisal (dated within 18 months) showing the official
rating of record, signed by the supervisor, or a statement as to why the
performance appraisal is unavailable. Do not submit a performance plan.
    Veteran Hiring Authorities: (VEOA, VRA, and 30% Disabled Veterans): DD-214
(Member 4 Copy). Disabled veterans must include your VA letter & SF-15 if
claiming 10 pt. preference. Current active duty members must submit a
certification that they are expected to be discharged or released from active
duty under honorable conditions not later than 120 days after the date the
certification is submitted.
    Schedule A, Persons with Disabilities: Schedule A letter from a physician,
local, state or federal rehabilitation office citing eligibility under 5 CFR
213.3102 (u).
    Certain Military Spouses under E.O. 13473: Verification of the marriage to
the service member (i.e., a marriage license or other legal documentation
verifying marriage), plus Permanent Change of Station: PCS orders issued within
the last 2 years, that: lists you as authorized to accompany the military member
to the new duty permanent station; the specific location; and the effective date
of the PCS OR Military disability of 100%: verification of the member's release
or discharge due to 100% disability (DD-214 and VA Letter) OR Death while
serving on active duty: 1) Verification of release or discharge due to death
(DD-214). 2) Verification of the member's death (DD-1300 and Death Certificate.
3) Statement certifying they are un-remarried widow or widower of the service
member.
    Foreign Service: Most recent Foreign Service Notification of Personnel
Action, showing that you were/are serving under an unlimited, career-type
appointment AND have completed at least 1 year of continuous service without a
break of a workday under one or more nontemporary Foreign Service appointments.

    CTAP/ICTAP: Certification of Expected Separation, Reduction-In-Force
Separation Notice, Notice of Proposed Removal, or appropriate OPM/Agency
certification; AND most recent performance evaluation; AND SF-50 demonstrating
your separation or the position from which you will be separated.
    Peace Corps/VISTA Volunteers: Documentation of no less than 24 months (Peace
Corps) or 1 year (VISTA) of continuous service and separated within 1 year of
completing the qualifying service.
    Peace Corps Staff: Documentation of no less than 36 months of continuous
service without a break in service of 3 days or more and separated within the 3
years of completing the qualifying service.
    Certain Family Members under E.O. 12721: Most recent non-award SF-50 and
performance appraisal.
    Interchange Agreement with Other Merit Systems: Documentation of eligibility
as listed in interchange agreement.
    Miscellaneous Authorities Not Regulated by the Office of Personnel
Management: (Postal Career Service Employees, Postal Service Commission
Employees, GAO, US Courts, etc.), Current Notification of Personnel Action (or
equivalent) that reflects your eligibility.
    Other Special Hiring Authorities: If you are claiming eligibility under a
Special Hiring Authority, you must submit supporting documents.

AGENCY CONTACT INFO:
Cheri Allen
Phone: 317-295-5763
Fax: 855-541-9018
Email: cheri.allen@in.usda.gov
Agency Information:
USDA, Rural Development
5975 Lakeside Boulevard
Indianapolis, Indiana,
46278
United States
Fax: 855-541-9018
WHAT TO EXPECT NEXT:
If you set up your USAJOBS account to send automatic email notifications, you
will receive an email acknowledging: 1) the submission of your online
Occupational Questionnaire and resume was successful,  2) if you were referred
to the selecting official for consideration, and  3) if you were selected or not
selected. If you choose not to set up automatic email notifications, you must
check your USAJOBS account for the latest status of your application. Your
application may be reviewed to verify that you meet the qualifications and
eligibility requirements for the position prior to issuing lists to a selecting
official. If further evaluation or interviews are required, you will be
contacted. Normally, a final job offer to the selected candidate is made within
30-60 days after the issuance of the certificate.

For more information please visit: https://www.usajobs.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             952 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 22, 2014 Monday

Agriculture, Rural Housing Service: Loan Technician NY-2014-5237

LENGTH: 3626  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of Personnel Management has issued the following job announcement:

Job Title:Loan Technician

Department:Department Of Agriculture

Agency:Agriculture, Rural Housing Service

Job Announcement Number:NY-2014-5237
SALARY RANGE:
 $31,628.00 to $50,932.00 / Per Year
OPEN PERIOD:
 Monday, September 22, 2014 to Wednesday, October 1, 2014
SERIES & GRADE:
 GS-1101-05/07
POSITION INFORMATION:
 Full-Time - Permanent
PROMOTION POTENTIAL:
07
DUTY LOCATIONS:
 1 vacancy - Syracuse, NY View Map
WHO MAY APPLY:
 Current permanent Federal employees with competitive status, reinstatement
eligibles, persons with disabilities, VEOA/VRA eligibles, certain military
spouses, 30% or more disabled veterans, former Peace Corps or VISTA volunteers,
CTAP/ICTAP eligibles, Farm Service Agency permanent county employees and those
eligible for other Special Hiring Authorities.
SECURITY CLEARANCE:
 Not Applicable
SUPERVISORY STATUS:
 No
JOB SUMMARY:

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural Development Agency serves rural
communities throughout the country by investing in their communities through
housing and utility infrastructure, by increasing economic opportunity, and by
improving the quality of life for all rural Americans.  Rural Development
provides over 40 loan and grant programs in the Rural Housing and Community
Facilities Services, Rural Business and Cooperative Services, and Rural
Utilities Service. Rural Development supports a positive work environment and
promotes diversity and inclusion for nearly 5,000 employees.

Rural Development is a dynamic organization recruiting for employees who possess
the energy, compassion, and commitment to serve those in rural communities and
will enjoy working in a fast paced and results driven organization.  Our
commitment is to expand economic opportunity and quality of life in all of rural
America by providing financial programs to support essential public facilities
and services such as water and sewer systems, housing, health clinics, emergency
service facilities and electric and telephone service.  Rural Development offers
a friendly and professional working environment and such excellent benefits as:
a generous salary, alternative work schedules, paid vacation and sick leave,
paid holidays, retirement and supplemental savings plan, a wide array of health,
dental, vision, and life insurance plans, flexible spending accounts, and
long-term care insurance.

This position is being concurrently announced under Delegated Examining
Procedures on announcement number DEU-NY-XXX open to any US Citizen. Current and
former Federal employees may apply to both announcements, but should be sure to
apply to this announcement NY-2014-5237 to maximize opportunities for
consideration since different referral criteria apply to each announcement type.

TRAVEL REQUIRED

Occasional Travel
    Occasional Travel

RELOCATION AUTHORIZED

No

KEY REQUIREMENTS

US Citizenship is required.
    Pre-employment Screening Assessment is required.
    Selective Service Registration is required for males born after 12/31/1959.
    A 1-year probationary period is required.

DUTIES:
Back to top

oProvides a variety of advance services and technical support assistance to
underwriting staff in order to assist with loan making activities under Rural
Development Single Family Housing loan programs.

oReviews application documents to insure all required information is properly
completed and obtains supplemental information from external sources to verify
employment, credit, assets and household income.

oPerforms a basic financial analysis of SFH applications, identifying obvious
credit risk factors, stability of income, debt to income ratios, property loan
to value, reconciliation and review of a Residential Mortgage Credit Report.

oFurnishes basic information concerning Rural Development's Single Family
Housing loan programs and eligibility requirements.

oPrepares and reviews documentation for loan closing and issues closing
instructions to attorneys.

oCommunicates orally and in writing with applicants to review their financial
situation and assist customers with application preparation.

oPerforms other related advance services and technical support duties as
assigned.

QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED:
Back to top

For GS-05: Applicants must have 1 year of specialized experience equivalent to
at least the GS-04; or its non-Federal equivalent that demonstrates: examining
loan documents and/or related records to ascertain sufficiency and accuracy;
maintaining statistical reports; or similar work experience. Such experience may
have been gained in occupations such as title clerk, loan/mortgage clerk, Real
Estate Clerks/processors, city clerks, business lending clerks, or other similar
fields of employment OR bachelor's or equivalent degree or 4 full years of
progressively higher level education leading to such a degree. Equivalent
combination of education and experience are qualifying for this grade level.


For GS-06: Applicants must have 1 year of specialized experience equivalent to
at least the GS-05; or its non-federal equivalent that demonstrates: Use of
specialized clerical assistance to perform a full range of standard and
non-standard assignments resolving a variety of non-recurring problems and
including a variety of assignments having different unrelated steps, processes,
or methods such as processing transactions for Single Family and Multi-Family
Housing, credit programs, real estate, or other loan/grant programs having
similar characteristic but requiring the use of different steps, procedures or
methods to complete the process. Experience may have been gained in work
comparable to examining program applications for completeness, discrepancies,
meeting eligibility requirements, and other special requisites and identifying
situations that are inconsistent with previous experience in similar situations
using available information, regulations, or other guidelines or may involve
fraud, etc. There is no substitution of education at the GS-06 level.

For GS-07: Applicants must have 1 year of specialized experience equivalent to
at least the GS-06; or its non-Federal equivalent that demonstrates evaluative
judgment within well defined, commonly occurring aspects of more than one type
of functional specialization such as processing transactions for various and
unrelated Single Family Housing and Multi-Family Housing programs, credit
programs, real estate and other loan programs. Assignments operate using
different sets of rules, regulations, and procedures and knowledge of such
procedures is usually attained through extensive, increasingly difficult, and
practical experience with the programs worked. Experience may have been gained
in work comparable to analyzing reports for various branches or work units and
preparing division-wide evaluations, with written presentations of findings,
recommendations, forecasts and justifications and include designing charts and
graphs. There is no substitution of education at the GS-07 level.

NOTE: To be considered for this position, you must meet all qualification and
eligibility requirements for the GS-1101 series set forth in the Office of
Personnel management (OPM) Qualification Standards by the closing date of the
announcement. A copy is available at:
http://www.opm.gov/qualifications/index.asp


o  Have your salary sent to a financial institution of your choice by Direct
Deposit/Electronic Funds Transfer.
o  If you are newly hired, the documentation you present for purposes of
completing the Department Homeland Security (DHS) Form I-9 on your entry-on-duty
date will be verified through the DHS "E-VERIFY" system. Federal law requires
the use of E-VERIFY to confirm the employment eligibility of all new hires.
Under this system, the new hire is required to resolve any identified
discrepancies as a condition of continued employment.
o  To be eligible for appointment to this position, the new hire must be cleared
to come on board once the results of the fingerprint check, review of the
OF-306, Declaration for Federal Employment, and the candidate's Electronic
Questionnaires for Investigations Processing (eQIP) entries have been reviewed
and determined to be satisfactory.  This position requires a favorable credit
check as part of the background investigation.
o  Selectee must be able to obtain and maintain a security clearance. If
selected you may be subject to a National Agency Check and Inquiry (NACI) and a
credit report inquiry.
o  May be subject to satisfactory completion of one year probationary or trial
period.
HOW YOU WILL BE EVALUATED:

You will be evaluated based on your qualifications for this position as
evidenced by the education, experience, and training you described in your
application package, as well as the responses to the Occupational Questionnaire
to determine the degree to which you possess the knowledge, skills, abilities
and competencies listed below:

KNOWLEDGE OF LOAN AND/OR GRANT MAKING AND SERVICING POLICIES AND PROCEDURES
    SKILL IN PLANNING, SCHEDULING, AND ORGANIZING WORK
    KNOWLEDGE OF COMPUTER APPLICATIONS
    ORAL COMMUNICATION
    WRITTEN COMMUNICATION
    OFFICE SKILLS


    We will review your application, including the online Occupational
Questionnaire, to ensure you meet the job requirements and assess your ability
to perform this job. Before any certificate can be issued to the selecting
official, the resume and supporting documents are reviewed by an HR Specialist
to ensure that (a) minimum qualification requirements are met and (b) the resume
supports the answers provided to the job-specific questions. Your answers will
be verified against information provided in your online resume and application.
Be sure that your resume clearly supports your responses to all the questions
addressing experience and education relevant to this position.


    Applicants who meet the basic minimum qualification requirements and are
determined to be among the best qualified candidates will be referred to the
hiring manager for consideration. Non-Competitive candidates need to meet
minimum qualification requirements to be referred.

Note: If, after reviewing your resume and / or supporting documentation, a
determination is made that you have inflated your qualifications and or
experience, your score can / will be lowered to more accurately reflect the
submitted documentation. Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or
omissions may affect your rating. Deliberate attempts to falsify information may
be grounds for not selecting you.

To view the application form, visit:
https://rhs.usda.ntis.gov/cp/?event=jobs.previewApplication&jobid=0b9a5c4f-7e17-
40fd-b810-a3a70090dae1

BENEFITS:
Back to top

You can review our benefits at:
http://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/healthcare/enrollment/new-federal-employ
ee-enrollment/
The Federal Government offers a comprehensive benefits package.  Explore the
major benefits offered to most Federal employees at:
http://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/healthcare/enrollment/new-federal-employ
ee-enrollment/

OTHER INFORMATION:
o  Career Transition Assistance Plan(CTAP) or Interagency Career Transition
Assistance Plan (ICTAP):   If you are claiming CTAP/ICTAP eligibility, provide
proof of eligibility to include your most recent performance appraisal, SF-50,
and proof of eligibility such as a RIF separation notice or letter from OPM/your
agency.  CTAP/ICTAP eligibles will be considered well-qualified if achieving a
rating of 88 or above.  Information about CTAP/ICTAP eligibility is on OPM's
Career Transition Resources website at http://www.opm.gov/ctap/index.asp.
o  This is a bargaining unit designated position.
o  This position is eligible for telework and other flexible work arrangements.
Employee participation is at the discretion of the supervisor.
o  Relocation expenses are not authorized.
o  BACKGROUND INVESTIGATION AND FINGERPRINT CHECK:  Selection and retention in
this position is contingent on a successfully adjudicated FBI National Criminal
History Check (fingerprint check) and a background investigation.
o  If you are a male applicant born after December 31, 1959, certify that you
have registered with the Selective Service System or are exempt from having to
do so.
o  If you are selected for a position with further promotion potential, you will
be placed under a career development plan, and may be non-competitively promoted
if you successfully complete the requirements and if recommended by management.
However, promotion is neither implied nor guaranteed.
HOW TO APPLY:
Back to top

Please read the entire announcement and all the instructions before you begin.
The following instructions outline our application process.

You must complete this application process and submit all required documents
electronically by 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time (ET) on the closing date of this
announcement.
    We are available to assist you during business hours (normally 8:00 a.m. -
4:00 p.m., Monday - Friday). Applying online is highly encouraged. If applying
online poses a hardship, please contact our office during business hours well
before the closing date for an alternate method. All hardship application
packages with supporting documents must be submitted no later than noon on the
closing date of the announcement in order to be entered into the system prior to
its closing.
    This agency provides reasonable accommodation to applicants with
disabilities on a case-by-case basis; contact us if you are requesting this.

Step 1: Create a USAJOBS account (if you do not have one) at www.usajobs.gov. It
is recommended that as part of your profile you set up automatic email
notification to be informed when the status of your application changes. If you
choose not to set up this automatic notification, then you will have to log into
your USAJOBS account to check on the status of your application.


Step 2: Create a resume with USAJOBS or upload a resume into your USAJOBS
account. Customize your resume to ensure it documents duties and accomplishments
you have gained that are directly related to this position in order to verify
that qualifications are met. Your resume must support your responses to the
online questionnaire (you may preview the online questionnaire by clicking on
the link at the end of the How You Will Be Evaluated section of the job
announcement).

Step 3: Click "Apply Online" and follow the prompts to complete the Occupational
Questionnaire and attach any additional documents that may be required.
You can update your application or documents anytime while the announcement is
open. Log into your USAJOBS account and click on "Application Status." Click on
the position title, and then select "Update Application" to continue.
NOTE: Verify that uploaded documents from USAJOBs transfer into the Agency's
staffing system. Once in the Agency's staffing system you will have the
opportunity to upload additional documents. Uploaded documents must be less than
3MB and in one of the following document formats: GIF, JPG, JPEG, PNG, RTF, PDF,
or Word (DOC or DOCX).


REQUIRED DOCUMENTS:

A resume should be provided. It should include relevant work experience
(start/end dates stated in month/year, description of duties and salary),
applicable education at a minimum, and your contact information. For current or
previous Federal employees, it should also include the Pay Plan, Series and
Grade for each work experience entry.
    For current or previous Federal employees, please attach a copy of your most
recent SF-50 or agency notification of personnel action form that provides
current position, grade level, and duty location.

A complete Application Package must be submitted and received prior to 11:59,
ET, on the closing date. The following documents are required for your
application package to be complete. Our office cannot be responsible for
incompatible software, illegible fax transmissions, delays in the mail service,
your system failure or downtime, etc. Failure to submit required, legible
documents may result in loss of consideration.

Resume that includes the following information: 1) personal information; 2)
education; 3) work experience including the work schedule and hours worked per
week as well as dates of employment; and title, series and grade if applicable;
4) supervisor's phone number and e-mail address for each work period listed and
whether or not we may contact them for reference checks; and, 5) other
qualifications.
    College Transcripts if education is required for meeting basic
qualifications and/or used as a substitute for specialized experience. An
unofficial copy is sufficient however, if selected; an official college
transcript will be required prior to entering on duty. Education must have been
successfully completed and obtained from an accredited school, college, or
university. Foreign education must be evaluated by an approved organization. For
additional information, refer to the U.S. Department of Education web site at
http://www.ed.gov. All transcripts must be in English or include an English
translation.

Other required documents as applicable:

Current/Former Career/Career-Conditional: Most recent non-award Notification of
Personnel Action (SF-50 or equivalent) showing that you are/were in the
competitive service, highest grade (or promotion potential) held on a permanent
basis, federal status, position title, series and grade AND most recently
completed performance appraisal (dated within 18 months) showing the official
rating of record, signed by the supervisor, or a statement as to why the
performance appraisal is unavailable. Do not submit a performance plan.
    Veteran Hiring Authorities: (VEOA, VRA, and 30% Disabled Veterans): DD-214
(Member 4 Copy). Disabled veterans must include your VA letter & SF-15 if
claiming 10 pt. preference. Current active duty members must submit a
certification that they are expected to be discharged or released from active
duty under honorable conditions not later than 120 days after the date the
certification is submitted.
    Schedule A, Persons with Disabilities: Schedule A letter from a physician,
local, state or federal rehabilitation office citing eligibility under 5 CFR
213.3102 (u).
    Certain Military Spouses under E.O. 13473: Verification of the marriage to
the service member (i.e., a marriage license or other legal documentation
verifying marriage), plus Permanent Change of Station: PCS orders issued within
the last 2 years, that: lists you as authorized to accompany the military member
to the new duty permanent station; the specific location; and the effective date
of the PCS OR Military disability of 100%: verification of the member's release
or discharge due to 100% disability (DD-214 and VA Letter) OR Death while
serving on active duty: 1) Verification of release or discharge due to death
(DD-214). 2) Verification of the member's death (DD-1300 and Death Certificate.
3) Statement certifying they are un-remarried widow or widower of the service
member.
    Foreign Service: Most recent Foreign Service Notification of Personnel
Action, showing that you were/are serving under an unlimited, career-type
appointment AND have completed at least 1 year of continuous service without a
break of a workday under one or more nontemporary Foreign Service appointments.

    CTAP/ICTAP: Certification of Expected Separation, Reduction-In-Force
Separation Notice, Notice of Proposed Removal, or appropriate OPM/Agency
certification; AND most recent performance evaluation; AND SF-50 demonstrating
your separation or the position from which you will be separated.
    Peace Corps/VISTA Volunteers: Documentation of no less than 24 months (Peace
Corps) or 1 year (VISTA) of continuous service and separated within 1 year of
completing the qualifying service.
    Peace Corps Staff: Documentation of no less than 36 months of continuous
service without a break in service of 3 days or more and separated within the 3
years of completing the qualifying service.
    Certain Family Members under E.O. 12721: Most recent non-award SF-50 and
performance appraisal.
    Interchange Agreement with Other Merit Systems: Documentation of eligibility
as listed in interchange agreement.
    Miscellaneous Authorities Not Regulated by the Office of Personnel
Management: (Postal Career Service Employees, Postal Service Commission
Employees, GAO, US Courts, etc.), Current Notification of Personnel Action (or
equivalent) that reflects your eligibility.
    Other Special Hiring Authorities: If you are claiming eligibility under a
Special Hiring Authority, you must submit supporting documents.

AGENCY CONTACT INFO:
Kristen Lombardo
Phone: 315-477-6439
Fax: 315-477-8540
Email: kristen.lombardo@usda.gov
Agency Information:
USDA Rural Development
441 South Salina St, Suite 357, 5th Floor |
Syracuse, NY,
13202
USA
Fax: 315-477-8540
WHAT TO EXPECT NEXT:
If you set up your USAJOBS account to send automatic email notifications, you
will receive an email acknowledging: 1) the submission of your online
Occupational Questionnaire and resume was successful,  2) if you were referred
to the selecting official for consideration, and  3) if you were selected or not
selected. If you choose not to set up automatic email notifications, you must
check your USAJOBS account for the latest status of your application. Your
application may be reviewed to verify that you meet the qualifications and
eligibility requirements for the position prior to issuing lists to a selecting
official. If further evaluation or interviews are required, you will be
contacted. Normally, a final job offer to the selected candidate is made within
30-60 days after the issuance of the certificate.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             953 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            January 14, 2007 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

Pipe Dreams Are Becoming a Reality;
Water Finally Running In 4 Willisville Homes

BYLINE: Arianne Aryanpur, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Loudoun Extra; T03

LENGTH: 549 words


Like most residents in the rural hamlet of Willisville, near Middleburg, Lottie
Payne-Smith, 49, had grown accustomed to life without indoor plumbing. No
washing machine meant weekly runs to the laundromat. And without a proper
kitchen, dinner often came from the microwave or electric skillet.

But that all changed Jan. 4, when Payne-Smith's home and three others in
Willisville  finally got running water. The project was managed and
subcontracted by the Windy Hill Development Co., a subsidiary of the Windy Hill
Foundation, a nonprofit housing agency based in Middleburg.

"It was a wonderful day," said Payne-Smith, an accounting specialist for the
Loudoun Golf and Country Club. Payne-Smith now has a bathroom, a kitchen with
running water and a laundry room. Her parents and next-door neighbors, Ethel and
Nathan Smith, also now have  a bathroom, after having used an outhouse their
entire lives.

"It was my mom and dad's 50th wedding anniversary, which made it even more
special," Payne-Smith said. "I'm just happy that the elderly people in town are
still here to enjoy this."

Willisville was founded just after the Civil War, when a freed slave bought a
cabin  on three acres for $100. Many of the community's  older residents have
never  had any type of indoor plumbing. The community consists of 11 properties,
seven of which already had running water but lacked a good septic system.

The county received a state loan in 1999 to build a sewage treatment plant in
Willisville, but the project became snagged in red tape. In 2005, County
Administrator Kirby M. Bowers appointed a senior assistant, Paul L. Brown, to
oversee delivering water and sewer service to the 11 properties. The county has
covered most of the cost of connecting homes to the system, drilling new wells
or adding bathrooms, kitchen sinks and washing-machine hookups. The remainder
has been raised by the Windy Hill Foundation.

"It was our goal, before winter got here, to get them serviced," Brown said of
the four homes that received indoor plumbing Jan. 4. Those homes were given
priority because they were in the poorest condition, said Kim Hart, president of
the Windy Hill Foundation.

For now, the four homes are running off a temporary pump-and-haul system, a tank
that collects wastewater on-site and is emptied every other day, Hart said.
Eventually, all the homes in Willisville will be serviced by three on-site tanks
that collect and treat wastewater.

The last two of those tanks were delivered Friday, and it is expected to  take
about three weeks for the system to be connected, said Liz Sitter, a project
engineer with the Loudoun County Sanitation Authority.

Brown said he was hopeful.

"We've had a good combination of warm weather, lack of rock and tremendous
contractors," he said.

The results so far have been very worthwhile, he added.

"The best feeling was when I heard the ladies talking about taking showers for
the first time and flushing for the first time," Brown said.

Emma Howard, a 50-year resident of Willisville, is another of the homeowners who
no longer needs to rely on an outhouse. She got her first bathroom this month
and is  counting down the days until she gets her first washing machine.

"I already picked it out," she said. "I went to the store in November."

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 The Washington Post


                             954 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Bond Buyer

Trends in the Region: EZs Offer Financial Hope for Virginia, West Virginia
Cities

                           January 21, 1999, Thursday

By Daniel Meisler



Blighted urban areas in Virginia and West Virginia expect to get boosts in
economic development, thanks to the federal government's recent empowerment zone
assignments.

The Department of Housing and Urban Development last week designated 20 cities
and counties empowerment zones, making the areas eligible for grants and
low-cost loans as well as bond financing.

Now it's up to the localities such as Huntington, W. Va., and Norfolk, Va., to
take advantage of these incentives, including authorization to issue $130
million each year in tax-free bonds in each urban zone, and $60 million annually
for rural zones. Each zone is also awarded a grant - $3 million if it is an
urban area, and $2 million if it is a rural area.

Officials in the zones, which are part of the second group designated by the
federal government, are hopeful bond authority will be put to good use. Each
already has a host of sites poised for development. But many difficult tasks
remain, including administration of the zones, attracting employers, and even
finding bond counsel.

"We view the bonding capacity as just as exciting, if not more exciting, than
the monies," said Cathy Burns, Huntington's director of development and
planning. "Definitely we envision we will be doing some bonds."

A major development that is slated for Huntington's ten-square-mile zone, which
includes part of Ironton, Ohio, will be a "business and technology park,"
incorporating space for large employers as well as retail shops, Burns said.

The city has identified $3 million of state and federal funds to go towards the
$8 million necessary to prepare the site for construction, Burns said. She said
the city hopes to break ground on the project this year, making up for the $5
million in remaining costs by selling tax-free bonds.

"Two things have to happen" before bonds are sold, she predicted. "We have to
finalize the construction drawings, and issue a series of permits." She said
that may take eight months to complete.

"Then we have to bid for the construction. Simultaneously, we will be putting
the financing particulars together," she added.

The bonds will be backed either by the expected sale of the developed land, or a
pledge of lease revenue from the buildings.

Despite what Burns called a prime location - the intersection of Interstate 64
and state Route 10 - only one company, a telemarketing firm currently located in
downtown Huntington, has expressed interest in moving to the proposed
development.

Burns said the city has approached Marshall University as well, which is in the
process of building a new medical center.

In addition to difficulties in finding tenants, Huntington could have a hard
time retaining local bond counsel for debt sold to fund the site's development.
Burns said the city would like to have local counsel, but she lamented that no
law firms in Huntington have expertise in public finance. However, one local
firm did come to her office to pick up the IRS rules for tax-exempt bonds in
empowerment zones, she said.

The city won't have to create a new bond-issuing authority, because it plans to
use the Huntington Municipal Development Authority, which has sold bonds in the
past.

In the neighboring state of Virginia, David Rice, executive director of the
Norfolk Redevelopment and Housing Authority, said any bond issuance for
Norfolk's zone, which also includes part of Portsmouth, will not hit the market
for at least a year.

The first task is to create an administrative framework, Rice explained.

"What we have to go through now is to set up a governing body, get it staffed,
and schedule its priorities," he said. "It will probably be a year before we get
anything going."

Any bonds for development within the zone will be issued by his authority, Rice
said, but debt sales did not top his list of concerns.

The major obstacle is to get companies to commit to the area. In addition to the
possibility of tax-exempt financing for new buildings, the cities are offering a
voucher of $500 for each employee living in the zone hired by a firm. The
voucher can be used for education and job training at "Empowerment Centers" in
the zone.

"The challenge is to attract people," he said. "The question is, Will these
incentives cause that to change."

Some of the developable sites in the Norfolk-Portsmouth zone also have to be
purchased from the companies that own them now. A 600-acre lot near the harbor
currently owned by a cable company, for example, still has to be acquired.

Like Norfolk, the zone in Miami is several months away from issuing bonds,
according to city economic planner Bob Schwarzreich. He said several firms
already doing business in the zones are likely to want to take advantage of the
tax-exempt financing, and that kind of activity will probably account for more
debt issuance than any big-ticket items.

Other urban empowerment zones established in the Southeast are in Knoxville,
Tenn., and Columbia, S.C.

Copyright c 1999 American Banker, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
http://www.bondbuyer.com

SECTION: SOUTHEAST; Pg. 24

LENGTH: 844 words

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1999 The Bond Buyer, Inc.


                             955 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  April 11, 1993, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Focus; Seattle;
Developers Turning to Farms and Forests

BYLINE: By HARRIET KING

SECTION: Section 10; Page 3; Column 2; Real Estate Desk

LENGTH: 1391 words

DATELINE: SEATTLE


HOME builders are turning to virgin forests and farmland far from this city's
job markets because closer sites are locked up in land-use disputes.

Longtime developers like William Conner are rethinking strategies and focusing
on rural towns because, they say, the state's 1989 Growth Management Act
requires cities to designate certain areas as rural, closing thousands of acres
to development.

The act was a response to the alarm of residents who saw a 1980's-type housing
boom, spurred by a job spurt at Boeing, creating urban sprawl, chaotic traffic
and soaring home prices in the suburbs.

Seattle sprawls for about 20 miles along Puget Sound and for two decades
developers have followed the Interstate 5 corridor to the north toward Everett
and south to Kent and Tacoma, turning the area into a congested, 100-mile-long
megacity. Since the early 80's the Kent Valley's lush farmlands have given way
to homes, strip malls and warehouses.

With Interstate 90, on which work began in the early 80's, nearing completion,
Mr. Conner and other builders now are looking 30 miles east of Seattle in towns
like North Bend, Snoqualmie and Carnation. I-90 stretches eastward through the
Snoqualmie Valley into the rugged Cascade Mountains.

"We shouldn't be in these towns," said Mr. Conner. "They're a long way out." He
said that he would rather be on I-90 some 15 miles closer to Seattle on the
Sammamish Plateau, but that zoning there prevented development.

Some Seattle workers also don't want to be in these towns or on the east side of
Lake Washington because they must cross it on one of the two bridges, where rush
hour traffic often is snarled. One bridge section, damaged in a 1990 storm, is
still being replaced.

Snoqualmie Valley towns also can be snowy, making commuting difficult. Farther
east, at Snoqualmie Pass, winter avalanches often close I-90 for hours or days
and big-rig trucks line up for miles waiting for roads to reopen.

Mr. Conner has watched the growth patterns change since he formed Conner
Development in 1957. He will build about 140 homes this year, the same as in
1992, compared to 180 homes a year when the market was strong.

Near North Bend, he sold 50 speculative homes in his Riverpoint project in 1992
at prices of $224,000 to $285,000. The appeal there is one-acre lots with
stunning views of the Cascades. To lure buyers a year ago, Mr. Conner urged each
visitor to cut a Christmas tree on the forested lots that had to be cleared.

This winter, because of the poor economy, he didn't have a bite on the last
seven Riverpoint homes until mid-February, when he sold three in one week. An
offer on a fourth was canceled because the hopeful buyer's company lost an
important contract when Boeing pared production.

Uncertainties at Boeing contributed to sluggish home sales in the last half of
1992 and the market has not yet snapped back. The aerospace company has been
cutting jobs for more than a year and announced in February it would give pink
slips to 15,000 more Seattle-area workers this year and 4,000 next year.
Builders are concerned over how this will affect future sales but say a bright
spot is that companies such as Microsoft are healthy.

MOST of the Riverpoint buyers were from Seattle or its suburbs and are
professionals working for Boeing or Microsoft, both of which are based in
Redmond, an east-side suburb.

The North Bend City Council has been besieged with development proposals and
annexation requests. In Washington, a large land owner or group of owners in an
unincorporated area outside a city's limits can ask the city for annexation.
Some developers have sought this because North Bend allows a 15,000-square-foot
minimum lot size compared to mostly five-acre lots in King County.

The influx of "outsiders" angers many residents who are fighting development. At
council hearings, they have protested development, angry that soaring home
prices are causing property taxes to double, and concerned that runoff from
mountain ridges cleared for houses will flood their homes. They say their
children will not be able to afford homes there and they fear gridlock in towns
like North Bend, which now only has one stoplight, or in Snoqualmie, which has
none. Opposition initially halted one of Mr. Conner's projects, Tannerwood, near
North Bend. Last fall, King County denied his application to build 109 homes,
saying it would threaten the rural character of the area. He won an appeal taken
to the King County Zoning and Subdivision Office and expects to get his
approvals within several weeks.

"IN our eyes, Tannerwood is one of the last pieces of land left for development
near Interstate 90," Mr. Conner said. "Most of the area has been downzoned to
5-acre lots."

His land costs, he said, have soared by $7,000 an acre since he first optioned
the property in 1992 and record high lumber prices will add $5,000 to the price
of a home.

"I've got $12,000 per lot I've got to get rid of to appeal to the same market
segment," he said. "I will have to trim about 200 square feet from the size of
the house."

To test market strength and preference, he will at first build a half dozen
speculative houses of 2,400 to 2,600 square feet using several designs.

Gordon and Karen Byrd, who sold their home in Chicago eight months ago and left
the advertising field, would like to buy in Tannerwood. "You can get more for
your money," Mr. Byrd said. "Friends say their kids thrive in the school system
here. And there is no busing, the reason we won't buy in Seattle."

Banks, including Seafirst, Mr. Conner's banker of 30 years, have stiffened rules
on lending and require him to invest 10 to 40 percent of his costs up front
before they will provide loans. Until about 1991 banks lent 100 percent, with
few questions asked -- a major factor in the savings-and-loan debacle.

Nearly five years ago Mr. Conner and a fellow Bellevue builder, Fred Burnstead,
spent $1 million, or $20,000 an acre, for 50 acres in Snoqualmie. The property
is next to the site of Snoqualmie Ridge, a 2,000-home, billion-dollar
residential development proposed in 1989 by the Weyerhaeuser Real Estate
Company. It has been held up by financing problems and a long approval process.
Nothing has been built yet. And last fall the Snoqualmie Indian tribe opposed
access road plans, saying Wyerhaeuser had not adequately considered the tribe's
culture and heritage.

The two partners cannot get their project under way until Weyerhaeuser builds
roads and utilities. When Weyerhaeuser does move forward, Mr. Conner and Mr.
Burnstead could be among those building the Snoqualmie Ridge homes.

Paul Wozniak, manager of the real estate and land department of John L. Scott's,
a large Seattle broker, said he believed that by 1995 land for new housing would
reach "a critically low level." He just made a study that indicates the shortage
will most greatly affect affordable housing in the Puget Sound area. Causing the
shortage are increasingly complex development regulations on several government
levels, unwillingness by banks to lend money to developers and rising mitigation
fees for roads and schools.

MR. WOZNIAK said that in Redmond, two developers with adjacent land, Quadrant
and Blackhawk Port Blakely Communities, had spent $10 million on development
fees since 1990 but recently refused to invest more until major hurdles were
cleared.

Seattle, which supplies water to most of King County, is embroiled in regional
water issues and says it will no longer commit to providing water. The state
also has yet to build access to Route 18, which links up to I-90, from the
Snoqualmie Ridge project.

Mr. Conner started building homes along I-90 in 1985 at a development called
Klahanie, in Issaquah, 15 miles from Seattle. When he began there, he said, even
Issaquah "seemed like it was too far out," but "now I consider it close in."

Mr. Conner paid $19,000 for 50- by 100-foot lots for $85,000 Klahanie homes. The
homes have sold well because they were marketed as affordable in an attractive
foothills setting with good freeway access.

In recent months, as the last few land parcels available there rose in price to
$65,000 a lot, Mr. Conner decided against even bidding because the homes would
sell for $200,000. Now he wishes he had bid because of the scarcity of available
land.

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: William Conner at his Riverpoint project in North Bend, east of
Seattle. (Doug Wilson for The New York Times)

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                             956 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

                              July 19, 2015 Sunday
                                TWO STAR EDITION

PENN PLAZA LANDLORD PAUSES EVICTION PROCESS AFTER OUTCRY;
AT EAST LIBERTY COMPLEX, CITY BROKERS A 60-DAY STAY

BYLINE: Sean D. Hamill, Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B-1

LENGTH: 848 words


A landlord under fire for telling some residents of two East Liberty apartment
buildings that they had 90 days to leave to make way for redevelopment of the
site has agreed to rescind those notices and put a stay on issuing any more.

That agreement between the city of Pittsburgh and owners of Penn Plaza
Apartments was reached just hours after a heated and emotional meeting Saturday
morning between about 200 tenants and city and county leaders.

"We've agreed to the 60-day stay and we're hopeful we can come to a broader
agreement" on the issues surrounding redevelopment of the site, Jonathan Kamin,
attorney for the owners, said in an interview after the meeting. He did not
attend the meeting but was negotiating with city officials by phone much of the
day Saturday.

Pennley Park South Inc., the corporation that owns the buildings, is owned by
the Gumberg family. The family owns LG Realty, which manages Penn Plaza.

Pittsburgh Mayor Bill Peduto told tenants Saturday that in meetings since the
city first found out about the 90-day notices that went out 10 days ago, city
officials told the Gumbergs the city wanted them to rescind the notices, to
include some affordable housing in their plans for the site and to create a fund
that would provide financial assistance to help residents move.

Moreover, the mayor told the tenants: "We've got to make sure this is the stand
that is taken so other developers in the city know this is not how we do
business in the city" by abruptly kicking poorer residents out of a building to
make way for wealthier tenants, without offering them help.

The broader discussions of the development itself will also include trying to
figure out how to "phase in" the development and prevent anyone from being
displaced without a new, affordable home in the neighborhood, said Kevin Acklin,
Mr. Peduto's chief of staff.

It was Mr. Acklin who negotiated with Mr. Kamin on the 60-day stay agreement, a
process that was ongoing even as Saturday morning's meeting was taking place.

Mr. Peduto, city Councilman Ricky Burgess, state Rep. Ed Gainey,
D-Lincoln-Lemington, and county Executive Rich Fitzgerald met for about 90
minutes Saturday morning in the East Liberty Lutheran Church.

The church is located across Penn Avenue from the two, red brick Penn Plaza
apartment buildings which were opened in 1968 by the late developer Pat Navarro
Sr. using about $5 million in Federal Housing Authority low-interest loans.
Sometime later the Gumbergs bought the site.

The original federal loans, authorized in 1964, came with covenants that
prevented redevelopment of the site for 40 years. The covenants expired in 2004,
freeing the way for the Gumbergs to redevelop the site, Mr. Kamin said.

About six years later the Gumbergs began preparing for redevelopment by not
renewing annual leases, he said, and instead went to month-to-month leases. At
the same time they also stopped leasing out about 70 of the apartments that
needed renovation.

With about 230 apartments still being leased out of about 320 total, there are
still more than 500 people, according to tenants, many of them working class,
poor and elderly who are concerned that they won't be able to find affordable
replacement housing anywhere near their current homes.

Efficiency apartments at Penn Plaza rent for about $470 a month, residents say,
and two-bedroom apartments go for about $850. That's less than the $1,200-and-up
rental rates on the new apartments that many residents have found opening in the
neighborhood.

"I'm a working person but I could never afford $1,300 a month," said Pamela
Robinson, 51, a security guard for Pittsburgh Public Schools who has lived at
Penn Plaza for seven years. "That would be about one-third of my salary."

Mr. Kamin said that the company "recognizes that the affordable housing issue is
a citywide problem and we believe that developers should take the lead in
addressing the issue."

Mr. Peduto and other community leaders asked residents of the building to form a
tenant council so that a few representatives could be at the table to negotiate
in future meetings with the city and the Gumbergs.

"We need to be part of this process so that the owners know that what they've
done is unjust," said resident Gail Williams, 66, a retired UPMC housekeeper who
has lived in Penn Plaza for three years and worries she'll have to move out of
the neighborhood.

Mr. Peduto said he hopes no one will have to move out of the neighborhood if
they don't want to and the city intends to use all of its leverage to prod the
Gumbergs to help prevent that.

The company has told city officials it is considering a mixed-use development
combining both residential and retail on the 7-acre site that surrounds a
2-acre, city-owned park, Enright Parklet, in between the two buildings.

That city-owned park may be small, but it could have a big impact on how the
site is developed, Mr. Peduto said.

In addition to zoning and possible government financial support for the
development, the park "is our leverage," he said. "If they tried to develop it
without [the park] they'd have a doughnut."

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Sean D. Hamill: shamill@post-gazette.com or 412-263-2579

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Lake Fong/Post-Gazette: Sean Wharton, 48, a resident of Penn
Plaza Apartments, shows his frustration Saturday at East Liberty Lutheran Church
during the tenant meeting concerning evictions from the apartments. \
PHOTO: Lake Fong/Post-Gazette: Mayor Bill Peduto, right, speaks to the audience
Saturday while City Councilman Ricky Burgess listens at the Penn Plaza tenant
meeting at East Liberty Lutheran Church concerning evictions from the
apartments.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2015 P.G. Publishing Co.


                             957 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Press Democrat, Santa Rosa, Calif.

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              April 1, 2016 Friday

Cloverdale drafts plan for long-vacant property downtown

BYLINE: Clark Mason, The Press Democrat, Santa Rosa, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 673 words


April 01--Cloverdale is looking to jump-start development on a prominent piece
of downtown property that has sat barren for years.

The city bought the 5.3-acre site seven years ago from a struggling developer
whose plans for a supermarket, retail space and housing fell through. But the
Thyme Square site has continued to languish.

The bare land, located next to the Citrus Fair, is one of the first things
motorists see as they take the central Cloverdale exit off Highway 101.

"It is one of the entrances to Cloverdale. Whatever goes in there should look
good," Mayor Mary Ann Brigham said Monday.

"We're going to have something there that really makes an impact and directs
people further into the downtown and says, 'OK, you've arrived at a beautiful
city,'" Councilwoman Carol Russell agreed.

City Council members last week agreed on a conceptual plan with a variety of
uses for the site. It calls for affordable housing, retail space and buildings
that would house the Police Department and Alexander Valley Healthcare. To top
it off, there would be a youth skate park and a couple of sculpture plazas.

But the ambitious plan must be approved by the California Department of Finance,
since the city bought the property with $3.1 million in redevelopment funds set
aside for low- and moderate-income housing projects.

The proceeds of any land sold to a developer and not used for affordable housing
may have to be returned to the state, City Manager Paul Cayler said. But it's
possible the funds could be applied to develop affordable housing on another
city-owned site near Cherry Creek.

"We don't know exactly how this is going to go with the state of California,"
Cayler said.

With a conceptual plan now in place, he said the city attorney will be able to
take the next steps of a more detailed analysis.

"There will be some limitations on what can be done, given that site was
purchased for affordable housing," City Attorney Jose Sanchez said. "Our office
is looking at different options on how to move forward."

The city last year agreed to support Alexander Valley Healthcare's plans to
build a three-floor, 38,000-square-foot wellness center on the Thyme Square
property to replace the rural clinic's aging, cramped facility and add dental
and mental health services.

"They're anxious to get going as soon as possible," Cayler said. "They're
bursting at the seams."

The Cloverdale Police Department, which has long sought to relocate from its
obsolete, seismically deficient building, is also looking to build a new,
two-story 16,000-square-foot headquarters on the Thyme Square site.

Some redevelopment funds previously were set aside for a new police building.
"We still have a few million (dollars) stashed away for the Police Department,
but not enough to do it," Brigham said.

Police Chief Stephen Cramer said his department is pursuing another option to
cover the whole cost -- funding from the U.S. Department of Agriculture -- with
slightly more than half in the form of a grant and the rest in form of a loan.

The conceptual plan for the Thyme Square property that was approved by the City
Council last week was developed by Collaborative Design Architects under a
$23,800 contract with the city.

During the council discussion, one real estate agent said there should be more
than 16,500 square feet of retail, since an anchor tenant would require even
more space.

There were also questions about the 34 one-bedroom or studio units of affordable
housing suggested in the plan. Councilwoman Russell said there should be more
bedrooms to accommodate families.

Mayor Brigham said the conceptual plan is intended to start a discussion on what
the community would like to see built.

"The conversation is beginning and everyone knows now how seriously we want to
do something with this," she said.

You can reach Staff Writer Clark Mason at 521-5214 or
clark.mason@pressdemocrat.com

___ (c)2016 The Press Democrat (Santa Rosa, Calif.) Visit The Press Democrat
(Santa Rosa, Calif.) at www.pressdemocrat.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20160401-UR-Cloverdale-drafts-plan-for-long-vacant-property-downtown-0401-201604
01

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UR


                       Copyright 2016 The Press Democrat


                             958 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            July 23, 2014 Wednesday

Agriculture, Rural Housing Service: Supervisory Loan Specialist (General)
WI-2014-004 MP

LENGTH: 3291  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of Personnel Management has issued the following job announcement:

Job Title:Supervisory Loan Specialist (General)

Department:Department Of Agriculture

Agency:Agriculture, Rural Housing Service

Job Announcement Number:WI-2014-004 MP
SALARY RANGE:
 $69,497.00 to $107,434.00 / Per Year
OPEN PERIOD:
 Wednesday, July 23, 2014 to Friday, August 1, 2014
SERIES & GRADE:
 GS-1165-12/13
POSITION INFORMATION:
 Full-Time - Permanent
PROMOTION POTENTIAL:
13
DUTY LOCATIONS:
 1 vacancy in the following location(s):
Menomonie, WI View Map
Spooner, WI View Map
WHO MAY APPLY:
 This position is open to current Wisconsin Rural Development employees with
competitive (career or career-conditional) status only and CTAP/ICTAP eligibles.

SECURITY CLEARANCE:
 Public Trust - Background Investigation
SUPERVISORY STATUS:
 Yes
JOB SUMMARY:

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural Development Agency serves rural
communities throughout the country by investing in their communities through
housing and utility infrastructure, by increasing economic opportunity, and by
improving the quality of life for all rural Americans.  Rural Development
provides over 40 loan and grant programs in the Rural Housing and Community
Facilities Services, Rural Business and Cooperative Services, and Rural
Utilities Service. Rural Development supports a positive work environment and
promotes diversity and inclusion for nearly 5,000 employees.

Rural Development is a dynamic organization recruiting for employees who possess
the energy, compassion, and commitment to serve those in rural communities and
will enjoy working in a fast paced and results driven organization.  Our
commitment is to expand economic opportunity and quality of life in all of rural
America by providing financial programs to support essential public facilities
and services such as water and sewer systems, housing, health clinics, emergency
service facilities and electric and telephone service.  Rural Development offers
a friendly and professional working environment and such excellent benefits as:
a generous salary, alternative work schedules, paid vacation and sick leave,
paid holidays, retirement and supplemental savings plan, a wide array of health,
dental, vision, and life insurance plans, flexible spending accounts, and
long-term care insurance.

This position is being announced to USDA, Rural Development Wisconsin employees
only.

This position will be located in either the Menomonie or Spooner Area Offices,
WI.  The Area Director will supervisor and be responsible for both Area Offices
within Wisconsin Rural Development.  One position will be selected from either
location.
TRAVEL REQUIRED

Occasional Travel
    Occasional Travel will be required

RELOCATION AUTHORIZED

No

KEY REQUIREMENTS

US Citizenship is required.
    Selective Service Registration is required for males born after 12/31/1959.

    Public Financial Disclosure Required (OGE Form 278)
    Relocation expenses will not be paid
    Time-in-grade must be met by the closing date of this announcement

DUTIES:
Back to top

This position is a managerial position and is assigned to an Area Office with
USDA, Rural Development.  This position reports to the State Director.  The
incumbent serves as a key member of the State Director's staff and participates
fully in the planning, development, and implementation of rural development and
assistance programs.  The Area Director is fully responsible for the single
family housing and multi-family housing programs (loans and grants) throughout
the area, supervising employees, as well as analyzing program requirements,
providing training, and oversight of program compliance, community development,
and marketing.  Provides leadership for a comprehensive Rural Development
program to process, service, and supervise loan and grant programs throughout
the jurisdictional area and furnishes professional advice and credit ,
financial, and management guidance to rural communities and Agency customers as
appropriate.  Plans, implements, directs, and evaluates operations within the
jurisdiction, assuring that employees are receiving adequate training, loan
operations are being effectively carried out, and that customers adhere to and
receive adequate financial guidance.  Performs systematic program review and
spot-checks of individual cases to identify trends and problems.  The incumbent
is expected to work closely with other federal agencies, state legislative
bodies, state agencies and organizations, and the private sector in developing
and implementing comprehensive rural development strategies and programs to
market RD programs and service, assure optimum economic development and
opportunities in rural communities.
QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED:
Back to top

For GS-12: Applicants must have 1 year of specialized experience equivalent to
at least the GS-11; or its non-Federal equivalent that demonstrates experience
counseling builders or sponsors regarding the financial soundness of a project;
developing presentation materials and performing outreach and marketing visits
and meetings; maintaining a working relationships with external stakeholders;
auditing and/or managing operations budgets; and mentor others; or similar work.
There is no substitution of education for experience at the GS-12 level.

For GS-13: Applicants must have 1 year of specialized experience equivalent to
at least the GS-12; or its non-Federal equivalent that demonstrates experience
planning, developing, and implementing all various loan assistance programs;
formulating objectives and allocating available resources necessary to
effectively implement loans and grants in business and industry, cooperatives,
single-family housing, multi-family housing, and/or community facility; perform
administrative and/or technical supervision; or similar work. There is no
substitution of education for experience at the GS-13 level.

NOTE: To be considered for this position, you must meet all qualification and
eligibility requirements for the GS-1165 series set forth in the Office of
Personnel Management (OPM) Qualification Standards by the closing date of the
announcement. A copy is available at:
http://www.opm.gov/qualifications/index.asp.


o  Must possess and maintain a valid driver's license
o  Subject to satisfactory completion of a one year supervisory/managerial
probationary period
o  CONFIDENTIAL FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE REPORT: If selected, you will be required
to submit Form OGE-450 within 30 days of your initial appointment date, and
annually thereafter. Selectee is subject to financial Disclosure Requirements in
accordance with 5 CFR, Part 2635, Sub part E regarding business or personal
transactions with applicants, borrowers, or business contacts who have or who
are seeking business with this Agency. Selectee must be able to obtain and
maintain a security clearance. If selected you will be subject to a National
Agency Check and Inquiry (NACI) and a credit report.
o  Have your salary sent to a financial institution of your choice by Direct
Deposit/Electronic Funds Transfer.
o  Selectee must be able to obtain and maintain a security clearance. If
selected you may be subject to a National Agency Check and Inquiry (NACI) and a
credit report inquiry.
o  Travel will be required.
HOW YOU WILL BE EVALUATED:

You will be evaluated based on your qualifications for this position as
evidenced by the education, experience, and training you described in your
application package, as well as the responses to the Occupational Questionnaire
to determine the degree to which you possess the knowledge, skills, abilities
and competencies listed below:
        Knowledge of public policy issues and procedures
        Supervision
        Knowledge of loans, grants, and financial analysis services and products

        Oral Communication
        Written Communication
    We will review your application, including the on-line Occupational
Questionnaire, to ensure you meet the job requirements and assess your ability
to perform this job. Before any certificate can be issued to the selecting
official, the resume and supporting documents are reviewed by an HR Specialist
to ensure that (a) minimum qualification requirements are met and (b) the resume
supports the answers provided to the job-specific questions. Your answers will
be verified against information provided in your on-line resume and application.
Be sure that your resume clearly supports your responses to all the questions
addressing experience and education relevant to this position.
    Applicants who meet the basic minimum qualification requirements and are
determined to be among the best qualified candidates will be referred to the
hiring manager for consideration. Non-Competitive candidates need to meet
minimum qualification requirements to be referred.

Note: If, after reviewing your resume and / or supporting documentation, a
determination is made that you have inflated your qualifications and or
experience, your score can / will be lowered to more accurately reflect the
submitted documentation. Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or
omissions may affect your rating. Deliberate attempts to falsify information may
be grounds for not selecting you.

To view the application form, visit:
https://rhs.usda.ntis.gov/cp/?event=jobs.previewApplication&jobid=768ee653-6e9d-
44b6-8111-a37000f2b238

BENEFITS:
Back to top

You can review our benefits at:
http://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/healthcare/enrollment/new-federal-employ
ee-enrollment/
The Federal Government offers a comprehensive benefits package.  Explore the
major benefits offered to most Federal employees at:
http://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/healthcare/enrollment/new-federal-employ
ee-enrollment/

OTHER INFORMATION:
o  Career Transition Assistance Plan(CTAP) or Interagency Career Transition
Assistance Plan (ICTAP):   If you are claiming CTAP/ICTAP eligibility, provide
proof of eligibility to include your most recent performance appraisal, SF-50,
and proof of eligibility such as a RIF separation notice or letter from OPM/your
agency.  CTAP/ICTAP eligibles will be considered well-qualified if achieving a
rating of 80 or above.  Information about CTAP/ICTAP eligibility is on OPMs
Career Transition Resources website at http://www.opm.gov/ctap/index.asp.
o  Relocation expenses are not authorized.
o  This position is eligible for telework and other flexible work arrangements.
Employee participation is at the discretion of the supervisor.
o  Persons with disabilities who require alternative means for communication of
program information (Braille, large print, audiotape, etc) should contact: USDAs
TARGET Center at 202-720-2600 (voice and TDD).
o  Obtain and use a Government-issued charge card for business-related travel.
o  If you are selected for a position with further promotion potential, you will
be placed under a career development plan, and may be non-competitively promoted
if you successfully complete the requirements and if recommended by management.
However, promotion is neither implied nor guaranteed.
HOW TO APPLY:
Back to top

Please read the entire announcement and all the instructions before you begin.
The following instructions outline our application process.

You must complete this application process and submit all required documents
electronically by 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time (ET) on the closing date of this
announcement.
    We are available to assist you during business hours (normally 8:00 a.m. -
4:00 p.m., Monday - Friday). Applying online is highly encouraged. If applying
online poses a hardship, please contact our office during business hours well
before the closing date for an alternate method. All hardship application
packages with supporting documents must be submitted no later than noon on the
closing date of the announcement in order to be entered into the system prior to
its closing.
    This agency provides reasonable accommodation to applicants with
disabilities on a case-by-case basis; contact us if you are requesting this.

Step 1: Create a USAJOBS account (if you do not have one) at www.usajobs.gov. It
is recommended that as part of your profile you set up automatic email
notification to be informed when the status of your application changes. If you
choose not to set up this automatic notification, then you will have to log into
your USAJOBS account to check on the status of your application.


Step 2: Create a resume with USAJOBS or upload a resume into your USAJOBS
account. Customize your resume to ensure it documents duties and accomplishments
you have gained that are directly related to this position in order to verify
that qualifications are met. Your resume must support your responses to the
online questionnaire (you may preview the online questionnaire by clicking on
the link at the end of the How You Will Be Evaluated section of the job
announcement).

Step 3: Click "Apply Online" and follow the prompts to complete the Occupational
Questionnaire and attach any additional documents that may be required.
You can update your application or documents anytime while the announcement is
open. Log into your USAJOBS account and click on "Application Status." Click on
the position title, and then select "Update Application" to continue.
NOTE: Verify that uploaded documents from USAJOBs transfer into the Agency's
staffing system. Once in the Agency's staffing system you will have the
opportunity to upload additional documents. Uploaded documents must be less than
3MB and in one of the following document formats: GIF, JPG, JPEG, PNG, RTF, PDF,
or Word (DOC or DOCX).


REQUIRED DOCUMENTS:

A complete Application Package must be submitted and received prior to 11:59,
ET, on the closing date. The following documents are required for your
application package to be complete. Our office cannot be responsible for
incompatible software, illegible fax transmissions, delays in the mail service,
your system failure or downtime, etc. Failure to submit required, legible
documents may result in loss of consideration.

Resume that includes the following information: 1) personal information; 2)
education; 3) work experience including the work schedule and hours worked per
week as well as dates of employment; and title, series and grade if applicable;
4) supervisor's phone number and e-mail address for each work period listed and
whether or not we may contact them for reference checks; and, 5) other
qualifications.
    College Transcripts if education is required for meeting basic
qualifications and/or used as a substitute for specialized experience. An
unofficial copy is sufficient however, if selected; an official college
transcript will be required prior to entering on duty. Education must have been
successfully completed and obtained from an accredited school, college, or
university. Foreign education must be evaluated by an approved organization. For
additional information, refer to the U.S. Department of Education web site at
http://www.ed.gov. All transcripts must be in English or include an English
translation.

Other required documents as applicable:

Current/Former Career/Career-Conditional: Most recent non-award Notification of
Personnel Action (SF-50 or equivalent) showing that you are/were in the
competitive service, highest grade (or promotion potential) held on a permanent
basis, federal status, position title, series and grade AND most recently
completed performance appraisal (dated within 18 months) showing the official
rating of record, signed by the supervisor, or a statement as to why the
performance appraisal is unavailable. Do not submit a performance plan.
    Veteran Hiring Authorities: (VEOA, VRA, and 30% Disabled Veterans): DD-214
(Member 4 Copy). Disabled veterans must include your VA letter & SF-15 if
claiming 10 pt. preference. Current active duty members must submit a
certification that they are expected to be discharged or released from active
duty under honorable conditions not later than 120 days after the date the
certification is submitted.
    Schedule A, Persons with Disabilities: Schedule A letter from a physician,
local, state or federal rehabilitation office citing eligibility under 5 CFR
213.3102 (u).
    Certain Military Spouses under E.O. 13473: Verification of the marriage to
the service member (i.e., a marriage license or other legal documentation
verifying marriage), plus Permanent Change of Station: PCS orders issued within
the last 2 years, that: lists you as authorized to accompany the military member
to the new duty permanent station; the specific location; and the effective date
of the PCS OR Military disability of 100%: verification of the member's release
or discharge due to 100% disability (DD-214 and VA Letter) OR Death while
serving on active duty: 1) Verification of release or discharge due to death
(DD-214). 2) Verification of the member's death (DD-1300 and Death Certificate.
3) Statement certifying they are un-remarried widow or widower of the service
member.
    Foreign Service: Most recent Foreign Service Notification of Personnel
Action, showing that you were/are serving under an unlimited, career-type
appointment AND have completed at least 1 year of continuous service without a
break of a workday under one or more nontemporary Foreign Service appointments.

    CTAP/ICTAP: Certification of Expected Separation, Reduction-In-Force
Separation Notice, Notice of Proposed Removal, or appropriate OPM/Agency
certification; AND most recent performance evaluation; AND SF-50 demonstrating
your separation or the position from which you will be separated.
    Peace Corps/VISTA Volunteers: Documentation of no less than 24 months (Peace
Corps) or 1 year (VISTA) of continuous service and separated within 1 year of
completing the qualifying service.
    Peace Corps Staff: Documentation of no less than 36 months of continuous
service without a break in service of 3 days or more and separated within the 3
years of completing the qualifying service.
    Certain Family Members under E.O. 12721: Most recent non-award SF-50 and
performance appraisal.
    Interchange Agreement with Other Merit Systems: Documentation of eligibility
as listed in interchange agreement.
    Miscellaneous Authorities Not Regulated by the Office of Personnel
Management: (Postal Career Service Employees, Postal Service Commission
Employees, GAO, US Courts, etc.), Current Notification of Personnel Action (or
equivalent) that reflects your eligibility.
    Other Special Hiring Authorities: If you are claiming eligibility under a
Special Hiring Authority, you must submit supporting documents.

AGENCY CONTACT INFO:
Kim Crabb
Phone: (715) 345-7650
Fax: (855) 715-8497
Email: Kim.Crabb@wi.usda.gov
Agency Information:
USDA, Rural Development
5417 Clem's Way
Stevens Point, WI,
54482
United States
Fax: (855) 715-8497
WHAT TO EXPECT NEXT:
If you set up your USAJOBS account to send automatic email notifications, you
will receive an email acknowledging: 1) the submission of your online
Occupational Questionnaire and resume was successful,  2) if you were referred
to the selecting official for consideration, and  3) if you were selected or not
selected. If you choose not to set up automatic email notifications, you must
check your USAJOBS account for the latest status of your application. Your
application may be reviewed to verify that you meet the qualifications and
eligibility requirements for the position prior to issuing lists to a selecting
official. If further evaluation or interviews are required, you will be
contacted. Normally, a final job offer to the selected candidate is made within
30-60 days after the issuance of the certificate.

For more information please visit: https://www.usajobs.gov/

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             959 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            July 23, 2014 Wednesday

Agriculture, Rural Housing Service: Supervisory Loan Specialist (General)
WI-2014-004 MP

LENGTH: 3291  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of Personnel Management has issued the following job announcement:

Job Title:Supervisory Loan Specialist (General)

Department:Department Of Agriculture

Agency:Agriculture, Rural Housing Service

Job Announcement Number:WI-2014-004 MP
SALARY RANGE:
 $69,497.00 to $107,434.00 / Per Year
OPEN PERIOD:
 Wednesday, July 23, 2014 to Friday, August 1, 2014
SERIES & GRADE:
 GS-1165-12/13
POSITION INFORMATION:
 Full-Time - Permanent
PROMOTION POTENTIAL:
13
DUTY LOCATIONS:
 1 vacancy in the following location(s):
Menomonie, WI View Map
Spooner, WI View Map
WHO MAY APPLY:
 This position is open to current Wisconsin Rural Development employees with
competitive (career or career-conditional) status only and CTAP/ICTAP eligibles.

SECURITY CLEARANCE:
 Public Trust - Background Investigation
SUPERVISORY STATUS:
 Yes
JOB SUMMARY:

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural Development Agency serves rural
communities throughout the country by investing in their communities through
housing and utility infrastructure, by increasing economic opportunity, and by
improving the quality of life for all rural Americans.  Rural Development
provides over 40 loan and grant programs in the Rural Housing and Community
Facilities Services, Rural Business and Cooperative Services, and Rural
Utilities Service. Rural Development supports a positive work environment and
promotes diversity and inclusion for nearly 5,000 employees.

Rural Development is a dynamic organization recruiting for employees who possess
the energy, compassion, and commitment to serve those in rural communities and
will enjoy working in a fast paced and results driven organization.  Our
commitment is to expand economic opportunity and quality of life in all of rural
America by providing financial programs to support essential public facilities
and services such as water and sewer systems, housing, health clinics, emergency
service facilities and electric and telephone service.  Rural Development offers
a friendly and professional working environment and such excellent benefits as:
a generous salary, alternative work schedules, paid vacation and sick leave,
paid holidays, retirement and supplemental savings plan, a wide array of health,
dental, vision, and life insurance plans, flexible spending accounts, and
long-term care insurance.

This position is being announced to USDA, Rural Development Wisconsin employees
only.

This position will be located in either the Menomonie or Spooner Area Offices,
WI.  The Area Director will supervisor and be responsible for both Area Offices
within Wisconsin Rural Development.  One position will be selected from either
location.
TRAVEL REQUIRED

Occasional Travel
    Occasional Travel will be required

RELOCATION AUTHORIZED

No

KEY REQUIREMENTS

US Citizenship is required.
    Selective Service Registration is required for males born after 12/31/1959.

    Public Financial Disclosure Required (OGE Form 278)
    Relocation expenses will not be paid
    Time-in-grade must be met by the closing date of this announcement

DUTIES:
Back to top

This position is a managerial position and is assigned to an Area Office with
USDA, Rural Development.  This position reports to the State Director.  The
incumbent serves as a key member of the State Director's staff and participates
fully in the planning, development, and implementation of rural development and
assistance programs.  The Area Director is fully responsible for the single
family housing and multi-family housing programs (loans and grants) throughout
the area, supervising employees, as well as analyzing program requirements,
providing training, and oversight of program compliance, community development,
and marketing.  Provides leadership for a comprehensive Rural Development
program to process, service, and supervise loan and grant programs throughout
the jurisdictional area and furnishes professional advice and credit ,
financial, and management guidance to rural communities and Agency customers as
appropriate.  Plans, implements, directs, and evaluates operations within the
jurisdiction, assuring that employees are receiving adequate training, loan
operations are being effectively carried out, and that customers adhere to and
receive adequate financial guidance.  Performs systematic program review and
spot-checks of individual cases to identify trends and problems.  The incumbent
is expected to work closely with other federal agencies, state legislative
bodies, state agencies and organizations, and the private sector in developing
and implementing comprehensive rural development strategies and programs to
market RD programs and service, assure optimum economic development and
opportunities in rural communities.
QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED:
Back to top

For GS-12: Applicants must have 1 year of specialized experience equivalent to
at least the GS-11; or its non-Federal equivalent that demonstrates experience
counseling builders or sponsors regarding the financial soundness of a project;
developing presentation materials and performing outreach and marketing visits
and meetings; maintaining a working relationships with external stakeholders;
auditing and/or managing operations budgets; and mentor others; or similar work.
There is no substitution of education for experience at the GS-12 level.

For GS-13: Applicants must have 1 year of specialized experience equivalent to
at least the GS-12; or its non-Federal equivalent that demonstrates experience
planning, developing, and implementing all various loan assistance programs;
formulating objectives and allocating available resources necessary to
effectively implement loans and grants in business and industry, cooperatives,
single-family housing, multi-family housing, and/or community facility; perform
administrative and/or technical supervision; or similar work. There is no
substitution of education for experience at the GS-13 level.

NOTE: To be considered for this position, you must meet all qualification and
eligibility requirements for the GS-1165 series set forth in the Office of
Personnel Management (OPM) Qualification Standards by the closing date of the
announcement. A copy is available at:
http://www.opm.gov/qualifications/index.asp.


o  Must possess and maintain a valid driver's license
o  Subject to satisfactory completion of a one year supervisory/managerial
probationary period
o  CONFIDENTIAL FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE REPORT: If selected, you will be required
to submit Form OGE-450 within 30 days of your initial appointment date, and
annually thereafter. Selectee is subject to financial Disclosure Requirements in
accordance with 5 CFR, Part 2635, Sub part E regarding business or personal
transactions with applicants, borrowers, or business contacts who have or who
are seeking business with this Agency. Selectee must be able to obtain and
maintain a security clearance. If selected you will be subject to a National
Agency Check and Inquiry (NACI) and a credit report.
o  Have your salary sent to a financial institution of your choice by Direct
Deposit/Electronic Funds Transfer.
o  Selectee must be able to obtain and maintain a security clearance. If
selected you may be subject to a National Agency Check and Inquiry (NACI) and a
credit report inquiry.
o  Travel will be required.
HOW YOU WILL BE EVALUATED:

You will be evaluated based on your qualifications for this position as
evidenced by the education, experience, and training you described in your
application package, as well as the responses to the Occupational Questionnaire
to determine the degree to which you possess the knowledge, skills, abilities
and competencies listed below:
        Knowledge of public policy issues and procedures
        Supervision
        Knowledge of loans, grants, and financial analysis services and products

        Oral Communication
        Written Communication
    We will review your application, including the on-line Occupational
Questionnaire, to ensure you meet the job requirements and assess your ability
to perform this job. Before any certificate can be issued to the selecting
official, the resume and supporting documents are reviewed by an HR Specialist
to ensure that (a) minimum qualification requirements are met and (b) the resume
supports the answers provided to the job-specific questions. Your answers will
be verified against information provided in your on-line resume and application.
Be sure that your resume clearly supports your responses to all the questions
addressing experience and education relevant to this position.
    Applicants who meet the basic minimum qualification requirements and are
determined to be among the best qualified candidates will be referred to the
hiring manager for consideration. Non-Competitive candidates need to meet
minimum qualification requirements to be referred.

Note: If, after reviewing your resume and / or supporting documentation, a
determination is made that you have inflated your qualifications and or
experience, your score can / will be lowered to more accurately reflect the
submitted documentation. Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or
omissions may affect your rating. Deliberate attempts to falsify information may
be grounds for not selecting you.

To view the application form, visit:
https://rhs.usda.ntis.gov/cp/?event=jobs.previewApplication&jobid=768ee653-6e9d-
44b6-8111-a37000f2b238

BENEFITS:
Back to top

You can review our benefits at:
http://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/healthcare/enrollment/new-federal-employ
ee-enrollment/
The Federal Government offers a comprehensive benefits package.  Explore the
major benefits offered to most Federal employees at:
http://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/healthcare/enrollment/new-federal-employ
ee-enrollment/

OTHER INFORMATION:
o  Career Transition Assistance Plan(CTAP) or Interagency Career Transition
Assistance Plan (ICTAP):   If you are claiming CTAP/ICTAP eligibility, provide
proof of eligibility to include your most recent performance appraisal, SF-50,
and proof of eligibility such as a RIF separation notice or letter from OPM/your
agency.  CTAP/ICTAP eligibles will be considered well-qualified if achieving a
rating of 80 or above.  Information about CTAP/ICTAP eligibility is on OPMs
Career Transition Resources website at http://www.opm.gov/ctap/index.asp.
o  Relocation expenses are not authorized.
o  This position is eligible for telework and other flexible work arrangements.
Employee participation is at the discretion of the supervisor.
o  Persons with disabilities who require alternative means for communication of
program information (Braille, large print, audiotape, etc) should contact: USDAs
TARGET Center at 202-720-2600 (voice and TDD).
o  Obtain and use a Government-issued charge card for business-related travel.
o  If you are selected for a position with further promotion potential, you will
be placed under a career development plan, and may be non-competitively promoted
if you successfully complete the requirements and if recommended by management.
However, promotion is neither implied nor guaranteed.
HOW TO APPLY:
Back to top

Please read the entire announcement and all the instructions before you begin.
The following instructions outline our application process.

You must complete this application process and submit all required documents
electronically by 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time (ET) on the closing date of this
announcement.
    We are available to assist you during business hours (normally 8:00 a.m. -
4:00 p.m., Monday - Friday). Applying online is highly encouraged. If applying
online poses a hardship, please contact our office during business hours well
before the closing date for an alternate method. All hardship application
packages with supporting documents must be submitted no later than noon on the
closing date of the announcement in order to be entered into the system prior to
its closing.
    This agency provides reasonable accommodation to applicants with
disabilities on a case-by-case basis; contact us if you are requesting this.

Step 1: Create a USAJOBS account (if you do not have one) at www.usajobs.gov. It
is recommended that as part of your profile you set up automatic email
notification to be informed when the status of your application changes. If you
choose not to set up this automatic notification, then you will have to log into
your USAJOBS account to check on the status of your application.


Step 2: Create a resume with USAJOBS or upload a resume into your USAJOBS
account. Customize your resume to ensure it documents duties and accomplishments
you have gained that are directly related to this position in order to verify
that qualifications are met. Your resume must support your responses to the
online questionnaire (you may preview the online questionnaire by clicking on
the link at the end of the How You Will Be Evaluated section of the job
announcement).

Step 3: Click "Apply Online" and follow the prompts to complete the Occupational
Questionnaire and attach any additional documents that may be required.
You can update your application or documents anytime while the announcement is
open. Log into your USAJOBS account and click on "Application Status." Click on
the position title, and then select "Update Application" to continue.
NOTE: Verify that uploaded documents from USAJOBs transfer into the Agency's
staffing system. Once in the Agency's staffing system you will have the
opportunity to upload additional documents. Uploaded documents must be less than
3MB and in one of the following document formats: GIF, JPG, JPEG, PNG, RTF, PDF,
or Word (DOC or DOCX).


REQUIRED DOCUMENTS:

A complete Application Package must be submitted and received prior to 11:59,
ET, on the closing date. The following documents are required for your
application package to be complete. Our office cannot be responsible for
incompatible software, illegible fax transmissions, delays in the mail service,
your system failure or downtime, etc. Failure to submit required, legible
documents may result in loss of consideration.

Resume that includes the following information: 1) personal information; 2)
education; 3) work experience including the work schedule and hours worked per
week as well as dates of employment; and title, series and grade if applicable;
4) supervisor's phone number and e-mail address for each work period listed and
whether or not we may contact them for reference checks; and, 5) other
qualifications.
    College Transcripts if education is required for meeting basic
qualifications and/or used as a substitute for specialized experience. An
unofficial copy is sufficient however, if selected; an official college
transcript will be required prior to entering on duty. Education must have been
successfully completed and obtained from an accredited school, college, or
university. Foreign education must be evaluated by an approved organization. For
additional information, refer to the U.S. Department of Education web site at
http://www.ed.gov. All transcripts must be in English or include an English
translation.

Other required documents as applicable:

Current/Former Career/Career-Conditional: Most recent non-award Notification of
Personnel Action (SF-50 or equivalent) showing that you are/were in the
competitive service, highest grade (or promotion potential) held on a permanent
basis, federal status, position title, series and grade AND most recently
completed performance appraisal (dated within 18 months) showing the official
rating of record, signed by the supervisor, or a statement as to why the
performance appraisal is unavailable. Do not submit a performance plan.
    Veteran Hiring Authorities: (VEOA, VRA, and 30% Disabled Veterans): DD-214
(Member 4 Copy). Disabled veterans must include your VA letter & SF-15 if
claiming 10 pt. preference. Current active duty members must submit a
certification that they are expected to be discharged or released from active
duty under honorable conditions not later than 120 days after the date the
certification is submitted.
    Schedule A, Persons with Disabilities: Schedule A letter from a physician,
local, state or federal rehabilitation office citing eligibility under 5 CFR
213.3102 (u).
    Certain Military Spouses under E.O. 13473: Verification of the marriage to
the service member (i.e., a marriage license or other legal documentation
verifying marriage), plus Permanent Change of Station: PCS orders issued within
the last 2 years, that: lists you as authorized to accompany the military member
to the new duty permanent station; the specific location; and the effective date
of the PCS OR Military disability of 100%: verification of the member's release
or discharge due to 100% disability (DD-214 and VA Letter) OR Death while
serving on active duty: 1) Verification of release or discharge due to death
(DD-214). 2) Verification of the member's death (DD-1300 and Death Certificate.
3) Statement certifying they are un-remarried widow or widower of the service
member.
    Foreign Service: Most recent Foreign Service Notification of Personnel
Action, showing that you were/are serving under an unlimited, career-type
appointment AND have completed at least 1 year of continuous service without a
break of a workday under one or more nontemporary Foreign Service appointments.

    CTAP/ICTAP: Certification of Expected Separation, Reduction-In-Force
Separation Notice, Notice of Proposed Removal, or appropriate OPM/Agency
certification; AND most recent performance evaluation; AND SF-50 demonstrating
your separation or the position from which you will be separated.
    Peace Corps/VISTA Volunteers: Documentation of no less than 24 months (Peace
Corps) or 1 year (VISTA) of continuous service and separated within 1 year of
completing the qualifying service.
    Peace Corps Staff: Documentation of no less than 36 months of continuous
service without a break in service of 3 days or more and separated within the 3
years of completing the qualifying service.
    Certain Family Members under E.O. 12721: Most recent non-award SF-50 and
performance appraisal.
    Interchange Agreement with Other Merit Systems: Documentation of eligibility
as listed in interchange agreement.
    Miscellaneous Authorities Not Regulated by the Office of Personnel
Management: (Postal Career Service Employees, Postal Service Commission
Employees, GAO, US Courts, etc.), Current Notification of Personnel Action (or
equivalent) that reflects your eligibility.
    Other Special Hiring Authorities: If you are claiming eligibility under a
Special Hiring Authority, you must submit supporting documents.

AGENCY CONTACT INFO:
Kim Crabb
Phone: (715) 345-7650
Fax: (855) 715-8497
Email: Kim.Crabb@wi.usda.gov
Agency Information:
USDA, Rural Development
5417 Clem's Way
Stevens Point, WI,
54482
United States
Fax: (855) 715-8497
WHAT TO EXPECT NEXT:
If you set up your USAJOBS account to send automatic email notifications, you
will receive an email acknowledging: 1) the submission of your online
Occupational Questionnaire and resume was successful,  2) if you were referred
to the selecting official for consideration, and  3) if you were selected or not
selected. If you choose not to set up automatic email notifications, you must
check your USAJOBS account for the latest status of your application. Your
application may be reviewed to verify that you meet the qualifications and
eligibility requirements for the position prior to issuing lists to a selecting
official. If further evaluation or interviews are required, you will be
contacted. Normally, a final job offer to the selected candidate is made within
30-60 days after the issuance of the certificate.

For more information please visit: https://www.usajobs.gov/

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             960 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily European Edition

                            December 13, 2013 Friday

Chinese farmers expect reform to ease land rights worries

SECTION: INDUSTRIES

LENGTH: 535 words


HEFEI -- City people barely glance at migrant workers like Li Jinlong, an
electric welder, who lives with his wife in makeshift dwellings near plants or
construction sites.

Li has spent the past 20 years living a humble life in Chinese cities. He seldom
has time to go back to his rural home, a two-story private abode that would be
envied by urbanites who want to escape from city life.

Li has never dreamed of buying an apartment in the city, as property prices,
even in China's second-tier cities, are skyrocketing.

What really makes the former farmer from  province anxious is that his rural
house and land have been left unattended, yielding no crops nor revenue all
these years.

There are more than 200 million farmers like Li toiling in cities without a
decent dwelling place. Their farmland and houses in rural areas have never been
their own property because they can neither trade them for cash nor mortgage
them for bank loans under the country's land laws.

Although China's urban property market has flourished since the 1990s, and has
been a major engine of economic growth, the collective ownership rules for rural
land have not changed, which has constricted rural development.

The reason lies in the fact that farmers who are entitled to property use rights
don't have property certificates to trade these rights.

In order to unleash the vitality of the rural sector, China's leaders have
decided to tackle the rural land issue by putting forward a number of reforms at
the Third Plenary Session of the 18th Communist Party of China (CPC) Central
Committee held in November. A reform master plan approved at the session
promises to give the country's 650 million rural residents more property rights.

Li feels he is lucky, as his hometown has been listed as one of 20 counties in
Anhui to pilot a new round of rural property transfer reform.

The pilot program was announced by the provincial government on the final day of
the plenary session. The reform plan is designed to pilot the mortg and transfer
of farmers' homesteads, as well as the sale, lease and demutualization of rural
construction land.

Anhui is the first Chinese province to announce it will launch the new rural
land reform. Details of the reform, however, have not yet been announced.

An official with the provincial bureau of land resources, who declined to be
named, said the reform is expected to ease the financing bottleneck to encourage
large-scale farming and invigorate the rural economy.

He said the key to tackling reform is to transform the land use rights of rural
property from their current state as collective land resources to private
property.

Li, the migrant worker, hopes that once transaction is allowed, his property can
be sold for a good price, as he has already planned for his retirement.

He wants to sell the house and go live with his son, who is currently working in
Anhui's provincial capital of Hefei.

Lu Pengfei, president of the Pengfei Modern Farming Co-operative in Anhui, said
he has already bought 5,000 mu (333 hectares) of land, which was transferred by
individual farmers through earlier rural land reforms. However, he cannot
mortgage the land to apply for bank loans for large-scale farming activities.


LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 China Daily Information Co
                              All Rights Reserved


                             961 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    March 26, 1994, Saturday, Final Edition

Disney Plan Called Threat To Farmland

Compiled from news services and staff reports

SECTION: REAL ESTATE; PAGE F6; REAL ESTATE NOTES

LENGTH: 754 words


The proposed Disney America theme park in Prince William County will result in
sprawling development that will threaten thousands of acres of rural Virginia
land, jeopardizing 50 percent of the state's orchards and 15 percent of its
farmland, a national farm conservation group said.

Ralph Grossi, president of the American Farmland Trust (AFT), said this week
Walt Disney Co.'s plan should not be given government approval without some
preservation measures in place.

Those measures should include the designation of special agricultural reserves
in master plans and "right-to-farm" protection for agricultural operations,
Grossi said.

"This is just one of the most flagrant examples of the threat of unplanned
growth that we see all over the country," Grossi said.

He compared rural Virginia to California's Central Valley and South Florida's
sugar cane fields, where sprawling suburbs have gobbled up thousands of acres.
"Development often causes local leaders to act in too much of a hurry to get
these jobs," Grossi said. "They don't realize what they are giving up."

Edward Thompson Jr., director of public policy for the AFT, said thousands of
acres of productive farmland will be turned into urban sprawl unless specific
plans are developed to prevent it.

"The Disney theme park is a national test case of our ability to recognize the
significance of our fast-disappearing farmland and take the steps necessary to
protect it," Thompson said.

Mary Anne Reynolds, a Disney spokeswoman, said the company has "already
identified a number of environmental initiatives for Disney's America that will
benefit adjacent farmlands." For example, she said, "we're restoring some forest
areas and reconstructing 28 acres of wetlands destroyed by agriculture years
ago."

Rick Lawson, Prince William County development services manager, said the AFT's
concerns are being addressed by the county and by a citizens task force.

He said that 2,100 acres of the 3,000 controlled by Disney already had been
zoned for a residential planned community.

The farmland preservation group issued a report examining the potential impact
on the agricultural resources and production of 12 Northern Virginia counties
within about an hour's commute of Haymarket, site of the proposed park.

The report said the area's 6,000 farms contain more than 1.2 million acres of
agricultural land, or 14 percent of the state's farmland, and account for 15
percent, or $ 236 million, of the state's total farm production.

Fifty-seven percent of the state's orchard land is found in the region, the
study said. The counties included Prince William, Fairfax, Fauquier, Loudoun,
Warren, Rappahanock, Culpeper, Clarke, Page, Frederick, Shenandoah and Madison.
The study was based on the 1987 census of agriculture, the last available.

The D.C. Housing Finance Agency (DCHFA) said it has $ 35 million in
single-family mortgage money available at its lowest interest rate ever, 6.5
percent for a 30-year, fixed-rate mortgage.

Under the agency's rules, first-time buyers, with a household income of no more
than $ 69,690, may buy homes anywhere in the District; current homeowners must
purchase homes in certain "target areas" of the District undergoing
revitalization with a household income limit of $ 84,840.

"Our concern is the economic revitalization of the District's neighborhoods,"
Mayor Sharon Pratt Kelly said in a statement. "We want those citizens who moved
to surrounding jurisdictions to return to the District. DCHFA's competitive
financing will help us strengthen the District's tax base and bring some native
Washingtonians home."

The agency finances FHA-insured and VA-guaranteed mortgage loans. The loan limit
in the District is $ 151,725 for FHA financing and $ 184,000 for VA financing.


IN THE NEWS ... The Northern Virginia Association of Realtors reported that 831
single-family homes, condominiums and co-ops were sold during February 1994, up
5.32 percent from the same month last year.


CALENDAR ... The Northern Virginia Association of Realtors is sponsoring a
seminar on the "Essentials of International Real Estate," April 18-19 at the
Dewberry & Davis Training Center, 8403 Arlington Blvd. in Fairfax County. For
information, call 703-207-3210 ... The Washington Metropolitan Chapter of the
Community Associations Institute is sponsoring a seminar for leaders and board
members of condominium and homeowner associations April 9 at the Ramada Inn in
Old Town Alexandria. For information, call 703-750-3644.


LOAD-DATE: March 26, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: VIRGINIA NEWS

                       Copyright 1994 The Washington Post


                             962 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Birmingham Evening Mail

                           November 18, 2005, Friday
                                 Worcs Edition

Sailing into battle!;
PROTEST: Edgbaston vows to save reservoir oasis from 'fortress flats'
development

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 287 words


PRECIOUS green space around Edgbaston Reservoir would become "like Benidorm" if
two monolothic blocks of flats gare built, objectors claim.

The controversial scheme to build 40 family homes and 50 apartments on the site
of the Tower Ballroom on the shores of the reservoir has sparked outrage from
local people.

At a packed public meeting scores of residents spoke out against what they
claimed would be a "fortress" development which would damage forever the
priceless rural appeal of the reservoir.

The Friends of Edgbaston Reservoir, backed by residents, believe the proposals
for two four-storey apartment blocks would set a precedent and encourage other
developers to build directly on to the reservoir, destroying its ecological
balance.

Developers Countrywide Homes, who have been consulting city council officials
and the local community, say the proposals would create a waterside village and
kick-start the wider regeneration of the area.

More than 80 acres of land surrounding the reservoir and the Icknield Port canal
loop are to be redeveloped with new bars, restaurants and homes.

The reservoir is already designated as a Site of Importance for Nature
Conservation and is home to a sailing and a rowing club and the Sea Cadet Corps
of Training Ship Vernon.

It also has a lodge at its main entrance which is a Grade II Listed building.
The reservoir site is currently designated for leisure use, not housing, and
that is how local people want it to stay.

Rather than building more homes in an already densely populated area, they want
to see a leisure centre or a swimming pool.

Led by Friends of Edgbaston Reservoir chairman Chris Vaughan, residents now aim
to bombard city planners with letters and a protest petition.

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2005 Midland Independent Newspapers plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             963 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 19, 2014 Thursday

Agriculture, Rural Housing Service: Loan Specialist (Commercial) TN-MP2014-4886

LENGTH: 3311  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of Personnel Management has issued the following job announcement:

Job Title:Loan Specialist (Commercial)

Department:Department Of Agriculture

Agency:Agriculture, Rural Housing Service

Job Announcement Number:TN-MP2014-4886
SALARY RANGE:
 $57,982.00 to $90,344.00 / Per Year
OPEN PERIOD:
 Thursday, June 19, 2014 to Wednesday, June 25, 2014
SERIES & GRADE:
 GS-1165-11/12
POSITION INFORMATION:
 Full-Time - Permanent
PROMOTION POTENTIAL:
12
DUTY LOCATIONS:
 1 vacancy - Nashville, TN View Map
WHO MAY APPLY:
 Current permanent Rural Development employees government-wide with competitive
status, and USDA CTAP eligibles.
SECURITY CLEARANCE:
 Not Applicable
SUPERVISORY STATUS:
 No
JOB SUMMARY:

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural Development Agency serves rural
communities throughout the country by investing in their communities through
housing and utility infrastructure, by increasing economic opportunity, and by
improving the quality of life for all rural Americans.  Rural Development
provides over 40 loan and grant programs in the Rural Housing and Community
Facilities Services, Rural Business and Cooperative Services, and Rural
Utilities Service. Rural Development supports a positive work environment and
promotes diversity and inclusion for nearly 5,000 employees.

Rural Development is a dynamic organization recruiting for employees who possess
the energy, compassion, and commitment to serve those in rural communities and
will enjoy working in a fast paced and results driven organization.  Our
commitment is to expand economic opportunity and quality of life in all of rural
America by providing financial programs to support essential public facilities
and services such as water and sewer systems, housing, health clinics, emergency
service facilities and electric and telephone service.  Rural Development offers
a friendly and professional working environment and such excellent benefits as:
a generous salary, alternative work schedules, paid vacation and sick leave,
paid holidays, retirement and supplemental savings plan, a wide array of health,
dental, vision, and life insurance plans, flexible spending accounts, and
long-term care insurance.

This position is part of the Community Programs Staff of the Rural Development
(RD) Tennessee State Office. The incumbent develops and recommends standards,
guides, procedures and forms, informational releases and training materials for
use of personnel regarding loans and/or grants, as appropriate, comprising the
specialized Community Programs (CP) area of agency program work; and
participates fully in planning and executing statewide training programs.
Ascertains the effectiveness of services provided by Area Offices, their
adherence to program objectives and the level of technical and management skills
applied to loan planning and servicing.
TRAVEL REQUIRED

Occasional Travel
    Occasional travel from 1-5 days a month

RELOCATION AUTHORIZED

No

KEY REQUIREMENTS

US Citizenship is required.
    Time in grade must be met by the closing date.
    Must submit a copy of most recent performance appraisal.
    Must submit a copy of most recent SF-50.
    Submission of an OGE-450 is required if selected.
    Males born after 12/31/1959 must be registered with the Selective Service.
    Background Investigation is required.

DUTIES:
Back to top

Provides technical advice and assistance to Area Office Personnel on such
matters as sound loan making and servicing methods, organization of
associations, land use and development practices, distribution and use of water,
installation of facilities, analysis of borrowers' records and operations, rural
development, holding borrowers' meetings, and the handling of legal and problem
cases, security servicing, collection and related program matters. Assists them
in making effective contacts to keep the public informed of RD programs, resolve
difficult problems of program acceptance, and to utilize available outside
services for program purposes.

Advises Area Personnel of the latest trends and developments in rural property
management and credit fields; sees that they are provided with adequate
materials and guidance for practical application; and that they receive adequate
engineering and other technical assistance from within and outside the
organization to fulfill CP operating requirements.

Reviews and evaluates overall CP activity, including loan making, loan
servicing, technical services, credit counseling and the progress and transfer
of borrowers to private or cooperative credit, to determine operating efficiency
and the degree of understanding and correctness of application of program
policies and procedures. Makes recommendations for improving total CP
operations, giving particular attention to those areas having unusually complex
operating problems and conditions.

Reviews grants and recommends approval or disapproval of loan and grant cases
channeled through the State Office; develops the necessary actions and solutions
to problems associated with the highly complex types of loans; and exercises
delegated loan approval authority. Processes legal and problem cases submitted
to the State Office; with responsibility for seeing that they are competently
planned and negotiated with all interested parties.

Corresponds with the National Office, Office of the General Counsel and others
thereon and advises initiating office on case disposition. Reviews and
recommends action on cases pertaining to the compromise, adjustment or
cancellation of debts and those involved in litigation or bankruptcy actions.

Analyzes field program activity reports to determine trends or detect weaknesses
and recommends measures or prepares instructional materials to remedy conditions
noted. Participates in resource and economic base studies to develop information
that will guide program decisions.

Informs and advises the general public and special interest groups about
available rural credit assistance through news media, technical publications and
group meetings. Actively participates in working out mutually acceptable
procedures with agencies having joint responsibilities for rural development and
assistance activities, and shares in technical and financial planning for
development projects.

QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED:
Back to top

Applicants must meet all qualification and eligibility requirements for the
GS-1165 series as set forth in the Office of Personnel Management (OPM)
Qualifications Standards by the closing date of the announcement. OPM
Qualifications require one (1) year of specialized experience to meet the
minimum requirements.

Specialized experience for this position would include experience that
demonstrated competence in agricultural, commercial, realty, or other types of
loans. Experience may have been gained in such work as reviewing  and passing
upon applications for agricultural, commercial, bank, or mortgage loans;
servicing a loan portfolio of a bank or other loan association; performing
financial analysis of commercial concerns for investment purposes or similar
work.

For GS-11: Applicants must have 1 year of specialized experience equivalent to
at least the GS-09; or its non-Federal equivalent that demonstrate thorough
knowledge and understanding of complex mortgage or commercial loan
making/servicing and credit principles and practices in order to assess the
fundamental soundness of business loans and loans to corporate and/or municipal
entities and to independently examine applications and to independently examine
applications, and corporate financial documents and maintain servicing
activities on a variety of commercial loans OR Ph.D. or equivalent doctoral
degree or 3 full years of progressively higher level graduate education leading
to such a degree or LL.M., if related OR a combination of education as described
and specialized experience.

For GS-12: Applicants must have 1 year of specialized experience equivalent to
at least the GS-11; or its non-Federal equivalent that demonstrate comprehensive
knowledge and understanding of technicalities of commercial financing and credit
and skill in directing and evaluating employees. Experience may have been gained
in such work as reviewing and passing on applications for complex business
and/or municipal transactions or by servicing a commercial loan portfolio. There
is no substitution of education for experience at the GS-12 level.

Undergraduate and Graduate Education: Major study - finance, business
administration, economics, accounting, insurance, engineering, mathematics,
banking and credit, law, real estate operations, statistics, or other field
related to the position, such as agriculture, agricultural economics, farm,
livestock or ranch management, or rural sociology.

For more information on the qualifications for this position, click here:
http://www.opm.gov/qualifications/Standards/group-stds/gs-admin.asp


o  CONFIDENTIAL FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE REPORT: If selected, you will be required
to submit Form OGE-450 within 30 days of your initial appointment date, and
annually thereafter. Selectee is subject to financial Disclosure Requirements in
accordance with 5 CFR, Part 2635, Sub part E regarding business or personal
transactions with applicants, borrowers, or business contacts who have or who
are seeking business with this Agency. Selectee must be able to obtain and
maintain a security clearance. If selected you will be subject to a National
Agency Check and Inquiry (NACI) and a credit report.
o  Travel will be required.
o  Have your salary sent to a financial institution of your choice by Direct
Deposit/Electronic Funds Transfer.
HOW YOU WILL BE EVALUATED:

You will be evaluated based on your qualifications for this position as
evidenced by the education, experience, and training you described in your
application package, as well as the responses to the Occupational Questionnaire
to determine the degree to which you possess the knowledge, skills, abilities
and competencies listed below:

Knowledge of Commercial and Community Programs loan and/or grant making
requirements.
        Knowledge of commercial amd Community Programs servicing requirements.
        Program Administration/Project Management
        Oral Communication
        Written communication

We will review your application, including the online Occupational
Questionnaire, to ensure you meet the job requirements and assess your ability
to perform this job. Before any certificate can be issued to the selecting
official, the resume and supporting documents are reviewed by an HR Specialist
to ensure that (a) minimum qualification requirements are met and (b) the resume
supports the answers provided to the job-specific questions. Your answers will
be verified against information provided in your online resume and application.
Be sure that your resume clearly supports your responses to all the questions
addressing experience and education relevant to this position.
    Applicants who meet the basic minimum qualification requirements and are
determined to be among the best qualified candidates will be referred to the
hiring manager for consideration. Non-Competitive candidates need to meet
minimum qualification requirements to be referred.

Note: If, after reviewing your resume and / or supporting documentation, a
determination is made that you have inflated your qualifications and or
experience, your score can / will be lowered to more accurately reflect the
submitted documentation. Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or
omissions may affect your rating. Deliberate attempts to falsify information may
be grounds for not selecting you.

To view the application form, visit:
https://rhs.usda.ntis.gov/cp/?event=jobs.previewApplication&jobid=ee1ab295-87e8-
40a9-8bf4-a34d009b19eb

BENEFITS:
Back to top
The Federal Government offers a comprehensive benefits package.  Explore the
major benefits offered to most Federal employees at:
http://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/healthcare/enrollment/new-federal-employ
ee-enrollment/

OTHER INFORMATION:
o  This position is eligible for telework and other flexible work arrangements.
Employee participation is at the discretion of the supervisor.
o  Persons with disabilities who require alternative means for communication of
program information (Braille, large print, audiotape, etc) should contact:
USDA's TARGET Center at 202-720-2600 (voice and TDD).
o  Relocation expenses are not authorized.
o  If you are selected for a position with further promotion potential, you will
be placed under a career development plan, and may be non-competitively promoted
if you successfully complete the requirements and if recommended by management.
However, promotion is neither implied nor guaranteed.
o  Career Transition Assistance Plan(CTAP):   If you are claiming CTAP
eligibility, provide proof of eligibility to include your most recent
performance appraisal, SF-50, and proof of eligibility such as a RIF separation
notice or letter from OPM/your agency.  CTAP eligibles will be considered
well-qualified if achieving a rating of Fully Successful or above.  Information
about CTAP eligibility is on OPM's Career Transition Resources website at
http://www.opm.gov/ctap/index.asp.
o  The incumbent of this position may be reassigned/relocated to any
geographical location where the employee's services are needed as determined by
management.
HOW TO APPLY:
Back to top

Please read the entire announcement and all the instructions before you begin.
The following instructions outline our application process.

You must complete this application process and submit all required documents
electronically by 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time (ET) on the closing date of this
announcement.
    We are available to assist you during business hours (normally 8:00 a.m. -
4:00 p.m., Monday - Friday). Applying online is highly encouraged. If applying
online poses a hardship, please contact our office during business hours well
before the closing date for an alternate method. All hardship application
packages with supporting documents must be submitted no later than noon on the
closing date of the announcement in order to be entered into the system prior to
its closing.
    This agency provides reasonable accommodation to applicants with
disabilities on a case-by-case basis; contact us if you are requesting this.

Step 1: Create a USAJOBS account (if you do not have one) at www.usajobs.gov. It
is recommended that as part of your profile you set up automatic email
notification to be informed when the status of your application changes. If you
choose not to set up this automatic notification, then you will have to log into
your USAJOBS account to check on the status of your application.

Step 2: Create a resume with USAJOBS or upload a resume into your USAJOBS
account. Customize your resume to ensure it documents duties and accomplishments
you have gained that are directly related to this position in order to verify
that qualifications are met. Your resume must support your responses to the
online questionnaire (you may preview the online questionnaire by clicking on
the link at the end of the How You Will Be Evaluated section of the job
announcement).

Step 3: Click "Apply Online" and follow the prompts to complete the Occupational
Questionnaire and attach any additional documents that may be required.


You can update your application or documents anytime while the announcement is
open. Log into your USAJOBS account and click on "Application Status." Click on
the position title, and then select "Update Application" to continue.

NOTE: Verify that uploaded documents from USAJOBs transfer into the Agency's
staffing system. Once in the Agency's staffing system you will have the
opportunity to upload additional documents. Uploaded documents must be less than
3MB and in one of the following document formats: GIF, JPG, JPEG, PNG, RTF, PDF,
or Word (DOC or DOCX).


REQUIRED DOCUMENTS:

A resume should be provided. It should include relevant work experience
(start/end dates stated in month/year, description of duties and salary),
applicable education at a minimum, and your contact information. For current or
previous Federal employees, it should also include the Pay Plan, Series and
Grade for each work experience entry.
    For current or previous Federal employees, please attach a copy of your most
recent SF-50 or agency notification of personnel action form that provides
current position, grade level, and duty location.

A complete Application Package must be submitted and received prior to 11:59,
ET, on the closing date. The following documents are required for your
application package to be complete. Our office cannot be responsible for
incompatible software, illegible fax transmissions, delays in the mail service,
your system failure or downtime, etc. Failure to submit required, legible
documents may result in loss of consideration.

Resume that includes the following information: 1) personal information; 2)
education; 3) work experience including the work schedule and hours worked per
week as well as dates of employment; and title, series and grade if applicable;
4) supervisor's phone number and e-mail address for each work period listed and
whether or not we may contact them for reference checks; and, 5) other
qualifications.
    College Transcripts if education is required for meeting basic
qualifications and/or used as a substitute for specialized experience. An
unofficial copy is sufficient however, if selected; an official college
transcript will be required prior to entering on duty. Education must have been
successfully completed and obtained from an accredited school, college, or
university. Foreign education must be evaluated by an approved organization. For
additional information, refer to the U.S. Department of Education web site at
http://www.ed.gov. All transcripts must be in English or include an English
translation.
    Current/Former Career/Career-Conditional: Most recent non-award Notification
of Personnel Action (SF-50 or equivalent) showing that you are/were in the
competitive service, highest grade (or promotion potential) held on a permanent
basis, federal status, position title, series and grade AND most recently
completed performance appraisal (dated within 18 months) showing the official
rating of record, signed by the supervisor, OR a statement as to why the
performance appraisal is unavailable. Do not submit a performance plan.
    CTAP: Certification of Expected Separation, Reduction-In-Force Separation
Notice, Notice of Proposed Removal, or appropriate OPM/Agency certification; AND
most recent performance evaluation; AND SF-50 demonstrating your separation or
the position from which you will be separated.

AGENCY CONTACT INFO:
Diane owens
Phone: 615/783-1318
Fax: 855/776-7058
Email: diane.owens@tn.usda.gov
Agency Information:
USDA/Rural Development
3322 West End Avenue, Suite 300
Nashville, TN,
37203
USA
Fax: 855/776-7058
WHAT TO EXPECT NEXT:
If you set up your USAJOBS account to send automatic email notifications, you
will receive an email acknowledging: 1) the submission of your online
Occupational Questionnaire and resume was successful,  2) if you were referred
to the selecting official for consideration, and  3) if you were selected or not
selected. If you choose not to set up automatic email notifications, you must
check your USAJOBS account for the latest status of your application. Your
application may be reviewed to verify that you meet the qualifications and
eligibility requirements for the position prior to issuing lists to a selecting
official. If further evaluation or interviews are required, you will be
contacted. Normally, a final job offer to the selected candidate is made within
30-60 days after the issuance of the certificate.

For more information please visit: https://www.usajobs.gov/

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             964 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Jerusalem Post

                            October 19, 2010 Tuesday

The failure to secure home ownership

BYLINE:  SETH FRANTZMAN

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 973 words


A fascinating set of statistics were presented by Channel 2's Oren Aharoni on
October 13. The report was titled "In Israel people work the hardest to buy a
house."

According to the data, it takes just 30 months of work for the average Swede to
buy a house. The American works 60 months, while the Israeli is burdened by 129
months.

The information is not based on how much a person might actually work and save
or whether he can secure a mortgage to finance a house, it is just raw math
calculated on a person working without spending any money and saving every penny
toward the home. Consider the American numbers: 60 months multiplied by an
average salary of $2,000 a month equals $120,000. That is the cost of a home in
the type of market where the average salary is $2,000 (i.e. Arizona). So the
numbers make sense.

What is happening here? Based on the math it seems that a person making NIS
5,000 a month can achieve his dream of buying a home for NIS 645,000 in 11
years. Of course he won't ever achieve his dream because when one factors in all
the expenses the person must pay out every month, including utility bills, rent
and taxes, he is left with a tiny sum to save toward buying a home. Even with
the possibility of obtaining a mortgage, which in reality is the only reason
average people in any country can ever purchase a home, the Israeli is not only
behind his peers in other countries but he faces an increasingly uphill battle
to obtain propertied independence.

Why is this the fate of Israelis? This was supposed to be a country of hope for
the world's Jews, a place they could call their own and put down roots. But when
it comes to home ownership, which is a large part of identifying with one's
landscape, the Jewish citizens have little hope of obtaining this essential
lifestyle.

One must write "Jewish" here because all things are not the same when it comes
to home ownership. The Arab community owns most of the fully private land (5
percent roughly) and home ownership is held in high esteem in Arab culture (one
oft-repeated ditty is "have a son, build a house, plant a tree"). The Arab
community suffers from perceived building restrictions and overcrowding, lack of
planning, infrastructure and other issues, but owning one's own property is not
one of the factors mentioned by Arab rights groups as an issue of
discrimination.

SO WHAT is it that has turned the Zionist dream of living in one's own land on
its head? One oft-repeated excuse for the lack of affordable housing and steep
prices is that there is a lack of land. Obviously relatively wealthy countries
with a high population density tend to have housing price problems. In the 1990s
the business world was abuzz with stories of the "100-year Japanese mortgage" or
what was called the "three generational loan."

In the society of the "salaryman" (the Japanese term for the lifetime employee
in a business suit) such exotic financial instruments, while not necessarily the
norm, shine a light on what befell Japanese urban society due to rising real
estate prices.

Home ownership was not only out of the grasp of the Japanese though. Under
communism in Russia newlyweds told nightmare stories of waiting years to get the
"right" to live in small dingy apartments. But Israel isn't Russia under the
stagnation of the Brezhnev years, nor is it crazily hi-tech urban Japan. Even in
the worst development towns or peripheral communities, home ownership remains a
tough call.

In Beersheba the statistics tell us that one must work full time for 58 months
and save every penny.

How is it possible that in the rural periphery, in the desert where there are
millions of empty dunams, that people cannot afford to buy a simple apartment,
let alone a house? The answer is partly salaries. Public salaries are abysmal.
Police are paid a paltry starting wage of NIS 4,400 a month. Private salaries
aren't any better except in some industries in Tel Aviv, and there they still
don't compensate for the ridiculous price of real estate (216 months of work to
purchase an apartment).

Some of those interviewed on Channel 2 pointed to a government solution. Dov
Henin, the Hadash MK, complained about lack of government support for more
housing. Another man voiced anger that the government sends people to army
reserve duty but "gives them no hope" afterward.

Government can't solve all our problems. Artificially low prices for apartments
or building more flats isn't the only answer. Some hidden problems affecting the
real estate market can be found elsewhere. One issue that doesn't always exist
in other countries is that the rural property market is very frozen. To put it
simply, Arabs and Jews are not able to relocate. No Jew can move to an Arab
neighborhood and in many cases can't even gain admittance to Jewish rural
communities, like kibbutzim and moshavim. Arabs also are generally unable to buy
homes anywhere but within their own communities.

This creates, for better or worse, a frozen market, one artificially structured
to allow only certain groups to live in certain places, the opposite of a free
and open real estate market. Obsession with planning - the resulting eyesores
can be seen in every development town and suburban or urban community - leads to
building plans being approved that have nothing to do with the private demand
for housing.

How else to explain the absolute scandal that is the Jerusalem housing market
where the statistics tell us one must work 151 months, in one of the poorest
cities in the country, to buy a property? Government regulation, the inability
of ethnic groups to mingle, the domination of the rural environment by communes
from another era and other factors have conspired to crush the dream of home
ownership.

The writer is a PhD researcher at Hebrew university and a fellow at the
Jerusalem Institute for Market Studies.

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: TERRA INCOGNITA. This was supposed to be a country of hope for the
world's Jews. But when it comes to buying a home, the Jewish citizens have
little hope of obtaining this essential lifestyle

GRAPHIC: Photo: A VIEW of the construction site of a luxury apartment building
near the beach in Tel Aviv. Israel has emerged as one of the hottest, and
unlikeliest, property markets in the world: Since real estate collapsed around
the world in 2008, few if any countries have seen house prices rise faster.
(Credit: AP)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Jerusalem Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             965 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Sunday Times (London)

                               November 18, 2007

Between Rock and a hard place

BYLINE: Cally Law

SECTION: FEATURES; Home; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 1556 words


* House prices in the southwest are among the highest in Britain compared to
salaries. But local farmers are helping to bridge the affordability gap, says
Cally Law

There is little doubt that Rock, on the north Cornish coast, has been one of the
great property success stories of the past decade. Second-homers with City
bonuses have splurged up to £ 1m on nondescript bungalows with sea views, then
sat back and watched their investments rocket. For many of the locals, though,
it has been a disaster, as house prices have spun way beyond the reach of the
average salary.

Now, as in much of Britain, the market is uncertain and the big-money deals are
stalling -but the locals don't care. Thanks to a pioneering community-based
self-build scheme, and a farmer who has sold a plot of land on the edge of the
village at a fraction of the going rate, 12 families have the chance to buy a
first home of their own in one of the most expensive places in Britain. A
three-bed bungalow is priced at £ 84,000 -less than a third of the £ 350,000
they could fetch on the open market. The project is being seen as a potential
model for other communities elsewhere in the southwest and beyond.

The origins of the scheme go back four years, when the late Bill Dingle, a local
builder and parish councillor, realised the lads working for him, building homes
for others, would never be able to buy a place themselves. At his instigation,
the St Minver Community Land Trust was formed to provide the wherewithal for 12
locals to build their own homes at a price they could afford. Such trusts have
been around for decades, largely for the management of orchards and woodlands.
Now, though, they are being encouraged by the government as an efficient way of
delivering rural homes.

The first requirement was land. Retired farmer David Wills, 76, who is the
chairman of the trust, sold a 1.5-acre field for £ 120,000, or £ 10,000 a plot.
It lay just outside the development boundary of the village -although single
plots, closer to the centre, can fetch as much as £ 400,000 each. Wills says
that there wasn't much else he could do with his land, though a less charitable
person might have hung onto it in the hope of a boundary change.

Thanks to the involvement of the not-for-profit trust, North Cornwall district
council accepted Wills's field as a rural exception site. In other words,
despite its location, it is eligible for planning permission as long as all the
homes built on it are classed as affordable -and will continue to be so in
perpetuity.

The council provided the trust with an interest-free loan of £ 544,000, to be
repaid within 15 months. Fittingly, this money came from funds raised by
increased council-tax charges for second-homeowners, who now pay 90% rather than
50% of the usual rate. It will be repaid when the self-builders take out a
mortgage on their properties.

Competition to get on the scheme was fierce, with 45 applicants for the 12
places.

Candidates had to have strong local connections and be unable to afford to buy a
suitable home in the area - often because they couldn't obtain a mortgage.

The winners will be given the plots, with planning permission, roads and
services, foundations and a timber frame, up and ready to be filled in.

Once they have received mortgage approval, all they need to do is get together
and build the rest. A bit of blockwork, plasterboard, electrics and plumbing,
and, with a project manager on hand to lead the way, by Christmas next year, 24
lucky people and their children should be living in detached bungalows with
garages, gardens and driveways.

Should they ever want to sell, a prospective buyer must be approved by the
trust.

"The same constraints will apply in perpetuity, and we will buy back if
necessary," says Helen Richards, 63, a retired property negotiator, former
county councillor and company secretary of the trust.

Jemma Hoskins, 23, a holiday letting agent, is buying a three-bedroom plot with
Daniel Latham, 33, a painter and decorator. Her brother will help with her share
of the building -there's nothing in the rules to say buyers have to do the work
themselves -and she plans to live there for a long time. "Why would we want to
sell?" she says.

Tom O'Donnell, 28, a trainee building surveyor, is moving in with his wife,
Michelle, and their children, Jack, 4, and Amelie, 1. "We could maybe have
afforded a one-bed flat in nearby Wadebridge," he says, "so we feel very lucky
to be given this chance."

Rock is far from the only place in the southwest where property prices have
risen far out of line with earnings in recent years. "Cornwall has one of the
worst affordability gaps in Britain," says Alan Fox, community land trust
project manager at Cornwall Rural Housing Association. "And this gap -the
difference between household incomes and house prices -is exacerbated by
second-homeowners." The average income in north Cornwall, where the main
industry is tourism, is just £ 18,626 -against a national average of £ 23,580.

And research published last month by Hometrack reveals that 34% of young working
households in the southwest cannot afford to buy in the area where they live -
even more than in London, where the figure is 31.5%.

A similar land trust scheme is due to start next year at St Just in Roseland, a
village about 35 miles from Rock, on Cornwall's southern coast, where
second-homers have also pushed prices beyond the reach of locals. Six years ago,
Roland Michell, 40, a carpenter, banded together with a group of eight men in
the building trade. "Most of us were living with our parents or in rented
accommodation," he says, "and we thought that if we could find a farmer to sell
us a bit of land, we could build our own homes."

Finding the land was no problem: a local landowner was happy to sell the group
three-quarters of an acre on the edge of the village for £ 30,000, a site big
enough for eight plots. "He didn't mind losing a bit of land, because he knew it
was going to a good cause," Michell says.

Carrick district council bought it from the landowner, charging the self
builders just £ 1 a plot, and granted planning permission when it discovered the
land trust scheme. "It means we won't be able to sell on the open market,"
Michell says, "but it was the only way we were going to get the result we
needed, which was a place in the village we were born in, to bring up our
families."

The St Just self-builders will each raise a £ 95,000 mortgage for the cost of
building, although, like their counterparts in Rock, they will have to put in
several months' work themselves. Similar three-bedroom houses on the Roseland
peninsula sell on the open market for between £ 300,000 and £ 350,000.

The government hopes that, with the help of the surprisingly large number of
landowners who are willing to sell land for a fraction of its potential value,
more schemes can be rolled out nationwide. Two are already in place in Dorset.

In Buckland Newton, 10 homes are being built -some shared ownership, some for
rent -on an acre of land sold by a landowner for £ 5,000 a plot. The land was
deemed a rural-exception site and therefore given planning permission. "The
owner was very much swayed by helping the community," says Andy Lloyd, rural
housing enabler for West Dorset and Purbeck district councils. "Some landowners
may have failed to get planning permission, but want to get some value out of a
small piece of land; others are more altruistic."

The other scheme is in Worth Matravers, where more than half the houses are
second homes. Here, a local businessman, Bob Kenyon, snapped up a five-plot,
two-acre site, holding onto it until the trust was in a position to buy, then
selling it on at cost.

There are other extraordinary examples of personal generosity. In East
Portlemouth, near Salcombe, in Devon, more than 70% of properties are second
homes. Isobel Waterhouse, 71, who was born in the village, is giving away four
cottages, with a total value of £ 2m, to provide affordable rental housing for
young families.

"I'm doing it because I hope that other people will enjoy the places that I
have, and that young families can grow up in this magical place," she told one
interviewer.

When the village hall needed a new roof and a refurb last year, at a cost of £
50,000, a request for contributions was sent to the second-homers. "We were
overwhelmed," says Lindsey Lindley, chairman of the parish council. "We raised
the lot, and more."

Meanwhile, back in Rock, work is about to begin on the bungalows. If it goes
well, the trust has hopes of a second phase. Wills, for one, is confident: "The
community spirit is going to make it a lovely place to live." And affordable,
too.

Britain's least accessible areas

House prices relative to Average household Average house House price

income (outside London) earnings (£ ) price (£ ) to income ratio

1 Ryedale, North Yorkshire 24,066 170,190 7.07

2 Christchurch, Dorset 32,806 228,268 6.96

3 North Cornwall 27,489 190,341 6.92

4 Penwith, Cornwall 30,294 202,975 6.70

5 Adur, West Sussex 29,953 197,392 6.59

6 East Dorset 35,319 231,992 6.57

7 Cotswold, Gloucestershire 36,032 228,497 6.34

8 Oxford 39,096 246,673 6.31

9 East Devon 31,587 198,500 6.28

10 Hertsmere, Hertfortdshire 39,884 249,658 6.26

Source: Hometrack

CARING COMMUNITIES

For more information on land trusts in your area, go to
timesonline.co.uk/property

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             966 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Press Democrat, Santa Rosa, Calif.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 18, 2014 Monday

EDITORIAL: A housing market on the upswing brings challenges

BYLINE: The Press Democrat, Santa Rosa, Calif.

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 550 words


Aug. 18--For those who held tight during the housing swoon, who made payments,
weren't caught with balloon mortgages and rode out the recession in
neighborhoods relatively unscathed by foreclosures, there is reward in the
latest news of recovery in California. The American dream of home ownership is
again an investment that pays off.

But with every new report of promising gains is the inevitable worrisome
asterisk. Rising prices mean more people shut out of the housing market. It
means low- and middle-wage workers struggle to find affordable rents, much less
a lender willing to accept a less-than-stellar credit rating and
less-than-average income as a new customer.

As Staff Writer Robert Digitale reported, the median sales price for homes in
Santa Rosa reached $508,500 in July, up 2.5 percent from June and 6.2 percent
from a year earlier. Sale prices in Santa Rosa have appreciated 50 percent over
the past five years, according to the Trulia online real estate site. The
average listing price for Santa Rosa homes on Trulia was $711,404 for the week
ending Aug. 6.

That keeps Santa Rosa above California averages, already high for the nation,
but not at the tip-top.

That glory -- or bane -- goes to other cities. Four of the five most expensive
housing markets are in California, according to the National Association of
Realtors. Topping the list: San Jose metro area, where the median existing
single-family home price was $899,500; followed by San Francisco's $769,600,
Anaheim-Santa Ana's $691,900 and San Diego's $504,200. The only non-California
area to make the top five was Honolulu in fourth place, at $678,500.

Economists projecting the future of California's economy predict better than
average results. They are just a bit blue about the lack of affordable housing,
which could tamp down expected economic growth.

Sonoma Valley homes are again becoming unreachable for many people, especially
for younger buyers. The college-debt strapped millennials are particularly
pinched.

Changes are needed. The federal government could make federal loan repayment
accessible in more fields where more workers are sought and the community
benefits from their endeavors. The medical field is a good start, for example.
It benefits many. However, we have more needs, and more young workers would
welcome the opportunity to live here, contribute in a helping professional and
work themselves out of life-crimping loans.

Locally, lenders of all stripes need to step up to broaden access to loans,
especially for working class petitioners.

Civic, business and government leaders can get ahead of this issue by joining
hands in creative ways to broaden access to home loans, and accepting denser
development in some areas. The housing issue intertwines with wages and the need
to attract workers for jobs of all sorts.

"You can't add jobs if there is no growth in the labor force because people are
leaving because they can't afford housing," Chris Thornberg, an economist with
Beacon Economics, has warned.

Our community must rise to the challenge of ensuring enough housing exists at
many price points to protect and expand the local economy.

___ (c)2014 The Press Democrat (Santa Rosa, Calif.) Visit The Press Democrat
(Santa Rosa, Calif.) at www.pressdemocrat.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140818-UR-EDITORIAL-A-housing
-market-on-the-upswing-brings-challenges-0818-20140818

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UR


                                 Copyright 2014


                             967 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The Financial Post

                     May 23, 1998 Saturday WEEKLY EDITIONS

MOVEABLE FEAST: Prefabricated homes run the gamut from Mexican villas to
custom-design cottages

BYLINE: Jessica Pegis, For The Financial Post

SECTION: SECTION 2, FP REVIEW; Pg. R4, Property

LENGTH: 1017 words


Keith Weinbender remembers the days when buyers of manufactured homes in some
rural areas of Western Canada couldn't even get a mortgage. People buying
joists, floors and walls from a factory and schlepping the stuff across the
countryside? Uh-uh.

That's all changed, says Weinbender, senior vice-president at Nelson Homes, a
division of Nelson Lumber Co. in Lloydminster, Alta. 'Back then, I guess the
lenders were scared of us because we were often far away and we were a system
they hadn't heard about. Now, when our homes go up for sale a second and third
time, the real estate ad will say say, 'Nelson home for sale' and the model
number will be included.'

His company has built 33,000 manufactured homes in Western Canada since the
launch of its homes division in 1959.

And that - from ignorant to magnificent - just about summarizes the history of
manufactured houses in Canada. Although factory-made homes still represent just
a small percentage of total housing sales, lots of people are learning to move
beyond the prefab stereotype.

Myth No. 1 is that prefabs are cheaper. Not necessarily, say those in the know.
They're just better because they're built in a controlled environment. And you
can't beat the speed: six to 10 weeks from purchase to finished product.

But try to get the lingo right before you go shopping. The term 'manufactured'
covers all bases but it usually refers to a structure that is assembled on site.
The factory precuts the joists, flooring and walls (with window openings already
in them), and ships the pieces (or panels) to you. The house is assembled at its
final destination.

A modular home, on the other hand (sometimes called a mobile home, not to be
confused with a 'trailer') is built at a factory in large sections (or modules),
then moved to its location. Panelized homes usually require a team, often
arranged by the manufacturer, to finish the wiring, plumbing and interior trim.
Modules are usually shipped with all the finishing touches, including paint,
wiring, and plumbing.

Quality Manufactured Homes in Kenilworth, Ont., builds modular homes for the
Ontario market. Sales and marketing manager Bill Wells admits prefab homes still
have the greatest appeal among rural buyers.

'We do about 140 to 150 homes per year, almost entirely in rural Ontario.
Farmers are very familiar with modular housing because it's ideal if you have a
nice lot and are looking for a custom home. People who have always lived in the
city and are moving to the country or are buying a cottage usually can't believe
what can be done. They're just blown away by the whole thing.'

Believe it. This year's Dream Home for the National Home Show, held in Toronto
April 3 to 12, was built and assembled by Quality. The Mexican-style villa
consisted of nine separate modules totalling 4,000 square feet and included a
floor plan designed around a central courtyard. Another contractor, arranged by
Quality, created the authentic tile roof. The house was shipped to an eager
buyer after 125,000 people had a chance to look at it.

'It's not the kind of thing we would build every day, but it did demonstrate
what is possible,' says Wells. The company assembled the house in six days and
took it apart in two. At $ 75 to $ 90 a square foot, it came in at more than $
300,000, the high end of the spectrum for manufactured homes.

The company's most popular model averages from four to five modules and costs
from $ 150,000 to $ 200,000, and that includes everything from foyer tiles to
furnace, plus garage. Each module measures about 15 ft. by 15 ft. by 60 ft. They
can be attached horizontally or vertically in an infinite variety of designs.

'The number of modules can vary from two - a little bungalow, which is what
people are thinking about when they think of a modular home - to four, five, or
even 10 modules,' says Wells. 'The largest home we ever built had 11 modules and
6,000 sq. ft.'

Panelized homes are also available in practically any size, from 800 sq. ft. to
5,000 sq. ft., and the sky's the limit in terms of design.

'We've become a very custom builder,' says Weinbender of his company. 'I say to
people that you can walk in any city in North America, pick any home you like
and we can probably build it exactly the same, and you wouldn't know the
difference. Right now, we're selling a home with a seven-car garage. We've built
homes as large as 7,000 sq. ft. Because we sell in Alberta, where there are
sprawling areas for ranches, we're being asked to build some very large homes.'

The company's most popular house is 1,300 sq. ft., priced at $ 45,000 to $
50,000. Some on-site work will be extra.

Another specialty manufactured home in demand right now is the traditional post
and beam house, not to be confused with the little log cabin, says David
McFarlane, president of Normerica, formerly Upper Canada Post & Beam, and one of
the leading manufacturers of post and beam structures worldwide.

From the outside, you can't tell these houses begin with precut pine posts,
rafters and joists. Inside, however, the aromatic wood gives away the secret.
McFarlane is sure his houses appreciate faster and better than many on the
market. Earlier this year, the company built a 4,000 sq. ft. home for the
vice-president of a major developer at Keystone, Colo. The executive paid US$
500,000 for materials and assembly, and now estimates his house is worth US$ 1.3
million.

'The person who buys our product is looking for a principal residence or a
chalet in one of the ex-urban areas. They're looking for something different and
they're usually professional people,' says McFarlane.

The company's best Canadian markets are 'the Banff area of Alberta, the interior
of British Columbia, Whistler, Muskoka and Georgian Bay, and Ottawa - all the
places you would expect to see us.'

The average price for a finished post and beam home is $ 100 to $ 125 a sq. ft.,
plus site servicing costs such as digging the foundation and installing wiring
and plumbing.

'It's an exceptionally custom product at an unexceptional price,' says
McFarlane.

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Normerica's post and beam homes boast cathedral ceilings....;
Photo: ...One of its award-winning homes overlooks B.C.'s Thompson River....;
Photo: ....Quality's 4,000 sq. ft. Dream Home was seen at the 1998 National Home
Show.

                       Copyright 1998 Financial Post Ltd.


                             968 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             March 8, 2014 Saturday

Oklahoma business briefs for March 8

SECTION:

LENGTH: 329 words



Oklahoma briefs

Three projects to receive funds

STILLWATER - Three Oklahoma projects have been selected to receive funding
awards from the U.S. Department of Agriculture. The awards are a part of a
nearly $16 million investment in rural telecommunications equipment, aimed at
expanding access to education, job creation, and improved health care in 25
states through USDA's Distance Learning and Telemedicine Loan and Grant program.
Among the recipients are the school districts of Arkoma, which will receive
$393,333, and McAlester Public School, which will receive $336,543 for their
distance learning projects.

The school districts will use their awards to link to neighboring schools,
universities, and other educational resources. The Board of Regents of the
University of Oklahoma was selected for a $500,000 telemedicine grant to be used
at the Health Sciences Center. The OU project will expand geriatric and
educational services through video teleconferencing to three partners: Choctaw
Nation clinical sites, Stillwell Community Hospital, and Variety Care clinical
sites in Fort Cobb, Grandfield, and Tipton. Digital equipment and software will
be purchased with the grant funds.Oklahoma joins egg lawsuitOklahoma has joined
a multistate lawsuit against a California law that requires egg producers to
comply with stricter standards to sell within the state. The 2008 California law
requires egg produces to provide larger housing enclosures for egg-laying hens
in order to sell eggs in the state. Missouri, Alabama, Kentucky, Iowa and
Nebraska are also part of the lawsuit. The lawsuit asks a federal court in
California to strike down the law as unconstitutional because it violates the
Commerce Clause of the U.S. Constitution, which bans states from passing laws
that regulate businesses and industries outside their borders. Oklahoma produced
741 million eggs in 2012, with a value of $90.5 million, according to the U.S.
Department of Agriculture.

From Staff Reports


LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2014 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             969 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Janesville Gazette (Wisconsin)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              June 29, 2008 Sunday

Housing market ripe for first-time buyers

BYLINE: Stacy Vogel, The Janesville Gazette, Wis.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1181 words


Jun. 29--JANESVILLE -- The national housing market has been spewing bad news
about foreclosures, dropping prices and a glut of homes on the market.

But the bad news for the market could be good news for buyers, said Verna
Saladino, a real estate agent with Coldwell Banker Success in Janesville. That's
especially true for first-time homebuyers who don't have to worry about selling
their current homes.

"There's just great opportunities for a first-time homebuyer in the area,"
Saladino said. "There's great properties to choose from, and the interest rates
are still phenomenal."

The process for buying a home might seem daunting, but plenty of resources are
available for first-time buyers. Here are a few tips to get you started:

Q: How do I know if I'm ready to buy a home?

A: There are plenty of advantages to owning a home--it's a good investment and
helps you build equity, Saladino said.

But you have to examine your finances to see if you're ready, said Dave Sheedy,
state mortgage sales manager for M&I Bank. Your banker can examine your credit
history, income and savings to let you know if you can afford a house and, if
so, how much you can afford.

Though some programs allow you to buy a home with no money down, Sheedy
recommends having some savings for a down payment and closing costs, he said.

"We would always encourage a borrower to have money available for a down
payment, because in most instances that will help them get in a better-priced
mortgage," he said.

You also should be prepared to live in the home for at least five years to
recoup your costs when you sell it, Saladino said.

"You've got to give it time to appreciate," she said.

Q: What's the first step in buying a home?

A: The first step is to get pre-approved by a lender, Saladino said. Your lender
will tell you how what kind of loan you can afford so you know what kind of
houses at which you should look.

You also should find a real estate agent you like, Saladino said. She recommends
you work with one agent to find a house because that agent knows the area and
can keep you in mind when looking at new properties for sale, she said.

If you don't have a lender, a real estate agent can help you find one, she said.

Q: What kinds of resources are available for a first-time homebuyer?

A: Financial and educational resources abound for first-time homebuyers in the
area.

The city of Janesville offers free homebuyer workshops several times a year. The
classes bring in experts to teach buyers about loans, credit, home inspections
and the buying process.

"The homebuyers workshop is a great resource for people who are considering
(buying a house)," said Jennifer Petruzzello, Janesville Neighborhood Services
director.

Participants also can learn about special loan programs for first-time buyers.
For example, the Federal Housing Authority and the Wisconsin Housing and
Economic Development Authority both offer low-interest loans with little down
payment required.

The city of Janesville offers loans of up to $2,500 to income-eligible residents
for down payment and closing costs, Petruzzello said. The debt is forgiven over
a period of five years.

The city also offers home improvement loans for residents who meet certain
conditions, she said.

Plus, most banks have their own loan programs for first-time buyers, Saladino
said.

Q: What else should I consider in buying a home?

A: Homebuyers need to remember that owning a home isn't the same as renting,
Sheedy said. Homeowners are responsible for maintenance and have to fix anything
that goes wrong on the property.

As you think about your monthly mortgage, remember you also have to be able to
set money aside each month for property taxes, home maintenance and unexpected
problems.

"Everybody has life changes that occur as they go through life, and as you hit
the bump in the road, you don't want to be forced into not making your mortgage
payment because you blew a tire in your car," Sheedy said.

SHOULD I BUY A FORECLOSED HOME?

Some homebuyers focus on foreclosed homes because they think they'll get a great
deal, said Verna Saladino, a real estate agent with Coldwell Banker Success in
Janesville.

But while you might save some money, you probably won't get a basement bargain,
she said. Banks know how much homes are worth, and while they want to sell the
product quickly, they're not looking to lose a lot of money.

"If you get anywhere near where they feel the fair value is on it, they'll sell
it, but you're not going to steal it," she said.

People who buy foreclosed homes should be prepared for some extra wait and work,
Saladino said. Banks have their own timetables, and they don't have the urgency
to close the deal that some sellers might.

And the bank doesn't have the knowledge about the home that an owner would have.
When you buy a foreclosed home, you're basically buying it "as is."

That might mean accepting flaws, Saladino said. Sometimes, a homeowner who can't
pay his or mortgage gets discouraged and stops taking care of the home before a
foreclosure.

"There's no warranty, no guarantee to that," she said.

IF YOU GO

The next set of Janesville homebuyers workshops will meet from 6:30 to 8:30 p.m.
Tuesdays, Aug. 5, 12, 19 and 26. The fifth session is scheduled after you buy a
home. To register, call Janesville Neighborhood Services at (608) 755-3065 or
stop by the office at City Hall, 18 N. Jackson St.

HOMEBUYERS RESOURCES

Here are some resources if you're thinking about buying a home:

-- Janesville Neighborhood Services: (608) 755-3065 or www.ci.janesville.wi.us.
Offers first-time homebuyer workshops and down payment assistance.

-- Wisconsin Housing and Economic Development: 1-800-334-6873 or www.wheda.com.
Offers low-interest mortgages with little down payment.

-- Movin' Out: 1-877-861-6746 or www.movin-out.org. Provides down payment
assistance and housing rehabilitation loans to disabled households throughout
Wisconsin.

-- USDA Rural Development Program: 1-866-474-3600 or
www.rurdev.usda.gov/rbs/ezec. Offers extended-term mortgages and other
affordable financing options for purchase or repair of rural homes.

ARE YOU READY?

Here is a list of questions from the Federal Housing Administration to ask
yourself before buying your first home:

-- Do I have a steady, reliable source of verifiable income?

-- Have I been employed on a regular basis for the last two to three years?

-- Do I have a good record of paying my bills?

-- Do I have manageable long-term debts, such as car payments?

-- Do I have money for a down payment?

-- Do I have the ability to pay a mortgage and other living costs every month?

For more information, visit the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development
Web site, www.hud.gov/buying.

To see more of The Janesville Gazette, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.gazetteextra.com. Copyright (c) 2008, The Janesville Gazette, Wis.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080629-JG-Housing-market-ripe-for-first-time-buyers-0629

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JG


                     Copyright 2008 The Janesville Gazette


                             970 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                           December 12, 2015 Saturday

`Pay BR1M every month'

SECTION: Pg. 6

LENGTH: 540 words


KUALA LUMPUR: ISSUES related to the increasing cost of living remain as the main
topic on the second day of debate with party delegates making a number of
suggestions for the party to address the problem.

Pahang Umno representative Datuk Shahaniza Shamsuddin said the government could
help the people face the high cost of living by providing RM500 monthly payment
under the 1Malaysia People's Aid (BR1M).

"It is more appropriate to pay BR1M on a monthly basis and it will only cost
RM6,000 annually for each recipient," said the Maran Umno division deputy chief
when debating a motion to support the president's policy speech yesterday.

 She urged the selection mechanism for BR1M recipients to be reviewed as it
should involve village heads and the Umno leadership at the branch level.

"When the selection was made by the Inland Revenue Board, some of the eligible
recipients did not get the aid," she said, adding that BR1M had helped the
low-income group since it was introduced.

 She said the government should help the young people own affordable homes since
many of them could not secure loans due to stringent terms and regulations set
by financial institutions.

"We must solve this problem as soon as possible if we want the young people to
vote for us," she said.

Shahaniza also hoped the goverment would help solve the problems faced by
teachers especially the heavy workload and the posting that separated them from
their spouse.

Perak Puteri Umno chief Salbiah Mohamed said the government should review the
1Malaysia People's Housing Programme (PR1MA) and ensure that its core business
was not only for profit but to increase the number of house owners annually.

 She said the younger generation were unable to own a house, including so-called
affordable homes, as they were saddled with debts including study loans after
graduation.

"Despite the many 'Mampu Milik' (affordable) housing projects, the younger
generation can only 'mampu tengok' (afford to look) at these houses," she said.

Salbiah hoped Umno and the government would introduce more programmes to help
the young generate income to supplement their salary. She also advised local
councils not to disturb those operating roadside stalls since they also had to
earn a living.

Kedah Umno delegate Datuk Othman Aziz said the Rubber Production Incentive
should include a living allowance to alleviate the burden faced by rubber
tappers, whose income depended on weather conditions.

"It is hoped that the government could conduct a study to consider giving rubber
tappers other incentives, such as allowances for six months in a year. An
allowance of between RM300 and RM600 may improve the scheme," he said, adding
that rubber tappers were badly affected during the rainy season.

Othman, who is Muda Agricultural Development Authority chairman, said projects
such as the multi-million ringgit Rubber City project in Padang Terap would help
spur development in rural areas.

He said the project on a 647ha site in Kuala Nerang was expected to have a gross
development value of RM11.2 billion and create 20,000 job opportunities.

Othman said the 2016 Budget tabled by the government was comprehensive as it
provided allocations for farmers, fishermen and subsidies for certain crops.

( END )

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: UMNO General Assembly 2015

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2015 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad
                              All Rights Reserved


                             971 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           The Sunday Times (London)

                             August 2, 2015 Sunday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Ireland

Nama vows to build 30,000 homes

BYLINE: Stephen O'Brien

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 298 words


NAMA is promising to build more than 30,000 homes in Dublin and the commuter
belt before winding up operations as the state's bad bank.

The programme involves completing 3,000 new houses and apartments by the end of
2016, and securing planning permission for 3,500 more units after that.

Nama says it has found potential for another 25,000 homes in Dublin, Wicklow,
Kildare, Meath and Louth, but this would require investment in heavy
infrastructure.

The bad bank says it has entered agreements with partners such as Dublin city
council to build two new road and pedestrian bridges across the Liffey to
facilitate housing development in the docklands.

It is also working with Irish Water to identify supply needs in lands zoned for
housing across the commuter belt.

Nama is due to have repaid all of its debt to the Irish banks - AIB/EBS, Bank of
Ireland, Permanent TSB and the Central Bank - by 2018. As part of its wind-down,
it has been asked by the government to help complete the development of Dublin's
docklands and address the housing shortage.

"Nama has already paid down between 55% and 60% of its (EURO)32bn debt to the
Irish banks and will reach the 80% target next year," a spokesman said. "The
agency looks beyond individual developments. If the addition of a bridge or a
water supply makes development more feasible, it will take an overarching view
of the area and work with Irish Water or the local authorities to provide
funding for the necessary infrastructure."

Since 2014, Nama has funded the construction of 1,667 new housing units across
39 sites in Dublin, often working with developers whose bad loans are on the
agency's books.

Construction is under way on 1,600 units across 40 sites to be delivered by the
end of 2016, and planning approval is in place for 1,400 more.

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STS


                    Copyright 2015 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             972 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                 June 27, 1994

Joint Effort Will Generate $ 10MM Of Below-Market-Rate Financing

SECTION: AFFORDABLE HOUSING; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 664 words

DATELINE: SEATTLE


A joint effort by the State of Washington and the Federal Home Loan Bank of
Seattle will generate $ 10 million in below-market-rate financing for the
development of affordable housing for low- and moderate-income people.

The effort began with the state's purchase of a $ 10 million fixed-rate bond
issued by the Federal Home Loan Bank System.

The proceeds of the bond sale will be used by the FHLB of Seattle to finance $
10 million in below-market-rate loans made by the bank under its Community
Investment Program to member financial institutions.

They, in turn, will use the money to finance affordable housing and economic
development initiatives of non-profit and for-profit developers in their
communities.

The announcement was made by State of Washington Treasurer Dan Grimm and FHLBS
President James R. Faulstich at the William B. Phillips Apartments, an historic
landmark building and one of the developments that will be supported with
funding from the transaction.

"Targeting state investment dollars in this way," said Treasurer Grimm, yields
two benefits for the state.

The state acquires a safe investment that will yield an attractive return and
the investment directly serves citizens and neighborhoods by creating
much-needed affordable housing in communities throughout Washington.

Partnerships between a Federal Home Loan Bank and state government have been
formed in only three other states -- California, Illinois and Oklahoma.

The $ 10 million bond carries a fixed interest rate of 6.82%.  Direct placement
of the bond with the state saves commission costs normally associated with a
bond sale.  The cost savings will allow the FHLBS to further reduce the interest
rate on the loans it makes to its customer financial institutions.

Mr. Faulstich estimated the collaboration between the bank and the state will
finance housing for 500 families and individuals.

Both non-profit and for-profit developers will use the funding to construct,
renovate or acquire multifamily housing.  Economic development initiatives that
benefit low-income households or neighborhoods are also eligible for the
funding.

More than half, or $ 5.7 million of the $ 10 million, has been requested to date
by financial institutions in western Washington and committed for five
multifamily projects, including the Phillips Apartments.

Washington Mutual, A Federal Savings Bank, has requested $ 162,000 to make a
permanent mortgage loan to Historic Seattle Preservation and Development
Authority for the property.

Constructed in 1902 on First Hill, a few blocks northwest of Seattle University,
the Phillips Apartments were renovated to create 11 units of affordable housing,
including one fully handicapped accessible unit.

Anchor Mutual Savings Bank, Aberdeen, requested $ 1.3 million to support
construction of Alder House, a 35-unit assisted living facility under
development by Willapa Independent Senior Housing Inc. in South Bend.

Anchor Mutual Savings also is using $ 725,000 to support construction of the
60-unit Lincoln Commons Apartments in Hoquiam on the Olympic Peninsula -- a
rural area studies have identified as in dire need of affordable rental housing.

The building will provide affordable housing for families and individuals
earning 60% of area median income.

Viking Community Bank is using $ 500,000 to finance the mortgage on the
Wallingford Building -- a mixed-use property of small businesses and eight
affordable housing units in Seattle, owned by private investors.

First Mutual Savings Bank, Bellevue, is using $ 3 million to finance acquisition
of 17 multifamily rental properties by private investors.

Located throughout the Puget Sound area, the apartments provide a total of 186
units of housing for very low income people.

The FHLBS' Community Investment Program has, since its launch in 1989, advanced
more than $ 460 million in loans that financed 10,677 units of housing in nine
states, including 6,460 in Washington state.

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1994 National Thrift News, Inc.


                             973 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Sunday Herald Sun (Australia)

                             October 3, 2010 Sunday
                               1 - FIRST Edition

Homes are shrinking

BYLINE: Graeme Hammond

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 40

LENGTH: 286  words


ANN DOUGLAS

Characterless homes ruining area

THE spread of tiny housing blocks through Doreen is destroying the semi-rural
character of the suburb, says Ann Douglas.

Mrs Douglas and her husband bought the last available block on Brookwood Ave and
moved into their new home last November. It was a trouble-plagued construction,
after builders discovered neither water nor power had been provided for the
site, forcing them to rely on neighbours, and they also had to wait five months
for a phone line.

But they are delighted with their home, built on a quarter-acre site that the
Laurimar estate's previous developers Drapac had intended to be standard
throughout the area.

Not that it stayed that way. When Delfin bought Laurimar in 2006, it introduced
a range of block sizes, with many as small as 312sq m, marketed as ``town
cottage'', ``villa'' and ``patio'' blocks.

``People buying in this area thought Laurimar would be country style blocks,''
Mrs Douglas said.

``The idea was you'd look out the windows and see trees and feel relaxed. Now
the area is filling up with characterless houses crammed together. Australia is
all about open spaces. Why would you live 40km from the city and live like
that?''

She said the absence of eaves to shade properties proved ``smart houses'' were
not so smart and tiny paved courtyards meant it was impractical for owners to
keep pets.

``The council has let us down,'' she said. ``The traffic is absolutely
horrendous and now they're trying to squeeze even more people in.''

In a statement this week Delfin Lend Lease said: ``Our smaller lots are focused
around the town centre and have been really important in providing housing for
smaller households such as couples and grandparents.''

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SHS


                   Copyright 2010 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             974 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald-Tribune (Florida)

                           December 1, 2004 Wednesday
                                MANATEE EDITION

Farmworker group to open site in DeSoto to help storm victims

BYLINE: By SELINA ROMAN selina.roman@heraldtribune.com

SECTION: B SECTION; Pg. BM1

LENGTH: 410 words

DATELINE: ARCADIA


A South Florida organization known for getting farmworkers better jobs and homes
will open a permanent office in DeSoto County this week to help victims of
Hurricane Charley.

Centro Campesino, located in Florida City south of Miami, has experience dealing
with the aftermath of a hurricane. The agency worked with families after
Hurricane Andrew destroyed much of South Florida in 1992.

Now the agency is serving farmworker families in Hardee and DeSoto counties,
many of whom lost their homes and livelihoods to Hurricane Charley. While the
agency has worked in those counties before, this is its first settlement in West
Florida. The office will be located at 15 E. Oak St. in Arcadia.

Steve Mainster, Centro's executive director, said he wanted his staff to have a
permanent presence in the area and represent farmworkers as communities rebuild.

"We intend to be there for the duration and be a part of the community,"
Mainster said.

Hurricane Charley took an unexpected turn Aug. 13, with its eye traveling up
U.S. 17 into DeSoto. The storm destroyed citrus crops and farmworkers' already
dilapidated homes and trailers.

Farmworkers, many of them undocumented, were among the hardest hit. Most don't
qualify for government aid such as housing and loans.

While Centro's primary objective is hurricane repair, the agency will eventually
offer other services such as worker advocacy, job placement and affordable
housing assistance, Mainster said.

He added that a long-term goal is to get families out of mobile homes "so we
don't go through this pain again, so they don't have to go through the pain of
seeing their home hurt and destroyed again."

For years, Centro staff members have been driving more than four hours from
South Florida to DeSoto and Hardee counties to help families repair homes.

Sister Ann DeNicolo, program coordinator for Catholic Charities, said the
permanent office is needed because the long travel time often delayed projects.

"Sometimes it'd be months before they could get out here," DeNicolo said.

The United Way of Sarasota recently gave Centro Campesino a $10,000 grant toward
hiring two part-time outreach workers.

Alex Young, president of the United Way of Sarasota County, said he is eager to
have Centro in a community where "outreach is very tough" due to the rural
nature of the region and the diverse backgrounds of the residents. "It's a plus
to have them there," he said.

For more information about Centro Campesino, call (305) 245-7738.

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2004 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.


                             975 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               Peterborough Today

                           November 6, 2014 Thursday

Speaker's Corner: Providing homes and jobs for ex-military

BYLINE: Mary Herdman

LENGTH: 643  words


The column that shouts about views and issues concerning Peterborough from a
variety of perspectives. This week's writer is Mary Herdman of UKIP...

Today there are over 20,000 ex-British soldiers, airmen and sailors who have
risked their lives fighting for Britain who are now sleeping rough and homeless
on our streets.

These men and women need our help and UKIP would provide shelter and housing for
every single one of them.

Not only would we provide them with homes but as a nation we have a duty to help
veterans readjust to civilian life, to find a job and get on the housing ladder,
as well as providing top quality healthcare.

Under UKIP, housing would be a top priority issue for all our ex- service men
and women and those returning from active service.

UKIP will also guarantee a job in the police force, prison service or border
force, to those who have served in the military. This will ensure that we not
only look after our servicemen but we secure our borders, get more police on the
streets and have safer prisons.

It is estimated that we need at least 200,000 new homes every year of which 43%,
according to Nick Boles, the government minister for planning, is due to
immigration.   The Conservatives, Labour and the Liberals all have an open door
immigration policy which has led to over 4 million people settling in the UK in
the last decade.  It is impossible to have an open door' immigration policy
without thinking about the consequences to our green belt and prime agricultural
land.

Six thousand new homes are planned each month for the countryside.  More than a
million homes are presently in the planning process to be located on green belt
and green spaces.   Some of this land allocated for housing is Fenland grade 1
agricultural land, the rich fertile soil surrounding Peterborough feeds the
nation and it is this land that is of prime concern.   Also, all these new
properties will need roads, infrastructure and services, further blighting our
Fenland landscape.

You may ask how on earth would UKIP solve this problem created by previous
governments?  Well first of all we would start by incentivising back into the
market the 700,000 homes shamefully lying empty in our country when 700,000
fellow Brits are homeless and sleeping rough.  Housing priority would be given
to our ex-servicemen first and then secondly to citizens whose parents were born
in Britain.

Under UKIP and in certain circumstances, it would be right to relax planning
regulations in strategic zones to make it easier to convert disused offices and
commercial spaces into homes.

The CPRE, Campaign to Protect Rural England estimate that 1.5 million homes can
be developed on brownfield land.  Civitas believe it to be as much as 2.5
million homes.  The centerpiece of UKIP's housing policy would be to therefore
instigate the most far reaching brownfield land revolution ever and provide
decontamination assessment grants, and low interest loans for decontamination
and land remediation.

We would issue Brownfield Bonds with the aim of raising £5bn to fuel our
brownfield revitalization programme.  Paving the way for more affordable
housing, more home ownership by investing in our country's most derelict and
underused land, and not by turning landscapes into concrete jungles.

Under UKIP we would eliminate stamp duty from all properties developed on
Brownfield and remove VAT from all Brownfield conversion costs.

Through grassroots planning referendums we will give the people and their
communities the power to shape the towns and cities they live in rather than
bureaucrats and big business.

Once these houses have been built on our brown field sites, it seems only right
to me that we make sure that troops, airmen and sailors returning to civilian
life go to the front of the queue, especially considering what they have risked
in defence of our nation.

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: METP


                       Copyright 2014 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             976 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    February 4, 1985, Monday, Final Edition

The Federal Budget;
Federal Aid Programs Marked for Ax;
State and Local Governments, Businesses, Farmers and Cities Would See Cuts

BYLINE: By Eric Pianin, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: First Section; A5

LENGTH: 1073 words


A lot of the federal alphabet soup would disappear if Congress were to go along
with President Reagan's proposed new fiscal 1986 budget.

UDAG, EDA, SBA, REA, FmHA, and ARC are a few of the governmental acronyms --
cherished by big-city mayors, farmers, urban dwellers, commuters and businessmen
-- that would die in the administration's deficit-slashing efforts.

Some of these programs, which affect mainly the middle class, have been the
subject of administration assaults before, with little success.

These programs are among those slated for the ax:

* The $574 million subsidy for Amtrak, the national passenger train system.
Amtrak failed its original goal of profitability, the administration argues, and
the average $35 per-passenger subsidy is too much.

* The Urban Development Action Grant (UDAG) program, a popular holdover from the
Carter administration that provides start-up funds for commercial construction.
By gutting UDAG, the administration said it would save $2 billion over the next
three years.

* The Job Corps, a federal job-training program that the administration argues
is not effective or cost efficient. If the program continues, the administration
said, it would cost $15,200 to train each of 40,500 enrollees.

* The Small Business Administration, which provides credit and low-interest
loans to 21,500 businesses. The government should be more of a cheerleader for
small business than a "Daddy Warbucks," the administration argues. Besides, the
budget proposal said, plenty of private-sector loan money is available.

* General Revenue Sharing, which spreads nearly $4.6 billion a year in federal
largess among 39,281 local governments. The administration argues that revenue
sharing no longer can be justified while state and local governments have
surpluses and the federal government is swimming in a sea of red ink.

* The Appalachian Regional Commission and the Economic Development
Administration. These resilient agencies, designed to stimulate economic
development, have survived earlier budget assaults. The administration said it
wants to get rid of them as part of a government-wide effort to eliminate local
development subsidies.

* Most of the subsidized loan and grant programs of the Farmers Home
Administration, a mainstay of farmers and businessmen in rural America, that
financed more than $10 billion of water and sewer projects and community
facilities in the past decade. In the future, rural areas would receive
assistance through a block grant program of the Department of Housing and Urban
Development (HUD).

* The Export-Import Bank's direct loan program, which has aided many U.S.
corporations that do business overseas. The administration wants the bank to
boost its program of loan guarantees and quit making direct loans. This is in
line with the Reagan policy of placing greater reliance on private-sector
financing.

* Air carrier subsidies, established in 1978 to provide financial assistance to
communities as they adjusted to the impact of airline deregulation. The
government has spent $460 million in subsidies. "To provide further subsidies to
cities currently receiving them would turn a temporary transitional program into
a permanent entitlement," the administration contends.

* Health professional training subsidies, first granted in the early 1960s in
response to a serious shortage of doctors, nurses and other health specialists.
Today, the administration argues, there is a glut of trained medical experts and
the subsidy no longer is needed.

Reagan's budget proposes many other cuts or freezes that stop just short of
killing programs. The Urban Mass Transit Assistance program, for instance, would
be slashed next year by $768 million, with additional cuts planned that would
bring the total to $4.2 billion within three years.

"Federal support for a local function like mass transit is unjustified," the
budget document says. "It is unfair to the many taxpayers who pay for it and get
nothing in return, and its availability reduces local incentives to make sound
economic choices."

Reagan wants to squeeze the Power Marketing Administrations, a group of
government-financed businesses that sells hydroelectric power generated at 123
federally operated dams by cutting outlays by $1.5 billion and forcing the
hydroelectric operations to catch up on their loan repayments, even if that
means boosting electrical rates. The PMA sells 6 to 8 percent of all electricity
generated in the United States.

The president also wants to phase out the Rural Electrification Administration
(REA) low-interest loan program over the next five years. Since 1936, more than
$61 billion in federal assistance has been provided to rural electric utilities
and telephone systems.

Federal soil and water conservation cost-sharing programs also would be
eliminated.

A $384 million Maritime Administration subsidy for U.S. shipbuilders would be
eliminated. Profit-making publications and companies as well as national
political committees would lose federal subsidy for their postal rates.

The administration would declare a moratorium on U.S. oil stockpiling in the
Strategic Petroleum Reserve. The SPR, designed as a defense against oil-supply
interruptions, is expected to contain about 489 million barrels by 1986.

The president seeks to phase out federal sewage-treatment grants to state and
local governments by 1990. The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) would
receive $2.4 billion in grants next year -- the same amount it has received
since 1982. Future funds would have to be used only to complete existing
projects.

The administration also wants to do away with grants for energy conservation and
for weatherizing school buildings, hospitals and the homes of low-income
families within five years.

The government will spend about $191 million on weatherproofing projects in
1986. The administration proposes to cover those costs with funds recovered from
petroleum companies that violated the old oil price-control program.

Other programs facing elimination under the budget proposal include the Legal
Services Corporation and the work-incentive program.

One of the few proposed budget increases is a substantial one in funds for the
"Superfund," which assists states in cleaning up waste dumps.

The administration also pledged to introduce legislation that would greatly
expand the national effort to clean up abandoned waste sites.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1985 The Washington Post


                             977 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Zealand Herald

                            October 9, 2010 Saturday

Bold plans for new centres fail to get off ground

SECTION: BUSINESS; General

LENGTH: 1326 words


The grass grows long on the city's fringes as visions of new town centres
evaporate, quietly and almost without a mention.

As Super City polls close today, Auckland's spread has been contained more by
the end of the boom-bust real estate cycle than any centralised planning
attempt.

Gone are millions of dollars, borrowed from the public and banks, to fund plans
which were a product of the 2000s real estate rise. The land was to become
entire new suburban areas for Auckland.

Ditched or downsized are grand plans for architectural wonders, tall towers of
apartment blocks, sprawling housing estates, shops linking to offices and new
suburban hubs at the end of rural railway lines.

One scheme for bare land at Albany sucked down about $100 million and people are
now asking exactly where that all went.

The closest they can get is writedowns in the value of land ($81 million), fees
to the developers, leasehold land rent payments - though those dried up during
the global financial crisis - and some repayments to bondholders.

Ex-Air Force waterfront land at Hobsonville has been carved into residential
lots and the first houses are about to hit the market in Housing NZ's
3000-residence scheme.

But plans for many other Auckland sites are defunct.

Patrick Fontein's Kensington Park is now in the hands of John Sax, who is
finishing a scaled-down version.

Nigel McKenna's vision for Flat Bush is in the hands of NBR Rich List family the
Todds.

Sax will build fewer houses at Orewa's master-planned Kensington Park, saying he
has applied for rezoning and envisages just 650 places, the lower-density plan
supported by Rodney District Council because it would provide for a
higher-quality project.

"We're reducing the density and putting in more green belts. That will mean more
amenities for the existing residents and more wetland areas too. I'm not
criticising Patrick because what he did was very good. We're just adding to what
is already a well-conceived process," Sax said.

But the BNZ is not satisfied and its bankruptcy application against Fontein will
be heard in the High Court at Auckland on November 8.

He's fighting the application, though his companies have gone under and by his
own admission owe $93.9 million.

He gave personal guarantees on at least $120 million and says he can earn
$200,000-plus annually as a property consultant, of which about $100,000 will go
to creditors.

The BNZ doesn't agree and claims he was "fiscally irresponsible".

Kensington Park's collapse was caused by his failure to fund infrastructure as
it was built and apply money according to loan agreements - it was not the
financial crisis which caused the downfall but his own actions, the bank
maintains.

Grand visions at Albany, Orewa, Waimauku, Clevedon and Manukau cost banks,
businesses and businesspeople dearly.

The public got stung too. Most costly to hundreds of retiree investors was the
now-ditched St Laurence/Symphony scheme for Albany. Kevin Podmore, chairman of
Albany City Property Investments (in liquidation) blames leasehold land for
Albany's demise.

"In hindsight, one of the problems with leasehold land is you have rental
obligations and if you don't pay the rent, you forgo the asset. We paid money
for a leasehold interest and got into a situation where we couldn't pay the
rent. The banks weren't willing to provide funds to pay rent, so the lessor took
the asset back."

Asked what lesson he learned, he quipped "be the lessor, not the lessee."

So did ACPI pay too much for the lease?

"In terms of the feasibility, it was okay. But unfortunately when you've got a
global financial crisis, money becomes so scarce.

"When we did all this, there was a market but things have changed. It's not like
there was a whole lot of money that went out of the company. There was a whole
lot of money that went to the asset that turned out to be worth zero," Podmore
admits.

He has bigger problems than ACPI, in the form of finance company St Laurence
which is in receivership owing 9000 investors about $245 million.

Rick Martin, who leaseholded freehold Albany land, is now selling the sites.

Progressive Enterprises has been one of the big buyers lately, taking a large
chunk and planning a big Countdown to break Foodstuffs' monopoly on the area
around Westfield Albany.

Gone also is Martin's vision for a European-style village with a train station
and 1375 units in neighbourhood clusters on a 464ha Waimauku block north-west of
Auckland.

He needed rural land rezoned to build an almost completely carless village. But
the Environment Court backed a council decision to ban rezoning of rural land
for the Waimauku Estate Village and Martin sold the land.

"I got knocked back in the Environment Court then appealed it, and got knocked
back again. I've still got the model of the property. I tried to sell it to
[neighbour and opponent] Barry [Hart] but no luck. I'm going to put it on Trade
Me under the heading 'field of broken dreams'! Reserve $100," Martin said.

"The funny thing was that the Margaret River Council, Western Australia, heard
about the project a few years ago, contacted me and said it was just what they
were trying to do over there.

"They then hired James Lundy, our urban designer, to help them with their
district plan. The Waimauku Estate concept can be done in Margaret River as of
right, so at least someone benefited out of it," Martin said.

At Flat Bush, Manukau City Council says the contract to develop a new town
centre has left Nigel McKenna's financially stricken Melview Group and now gone
to Todd Property, a subsidiary of Todd Corporation, the investment arm of the
country's wealthiest family.

Melview had the contract to design and develop a 17ha town centre with housing,
offices and cultural facilities but the council owns the land which Melview
wanted to start progressively buying after winning the contract in late 2007.

Mike Higgins, chief executive of Tomorrow's Manukau Properties, said his
organisation had concerns after the Melview Group's widely reported financial
issues and Todd Property Group had satisfied the organisation that they had the
staff and money to meet the obligations.

Auckland's borders remain rural, a sour sight for visionaries who wanted to
commercialise them. Many of the sites have been sold or the companies that
hatched the plans are subject to bankruptcy, liquidation or receivership
proceedings.

The wind still blows through the fields of dreams on Auckland's fringe.

Broken dreams

Flat Bush, South Auckland

* Developer: Nigel McKenna.

* Site: 17ha bare land on Ormiston Rd, Manukau.

* Dream: Homes for 40,000 people, new town centre.

* Reality: Undeveloped land, now in the hands of other developers.

* Losses: Unknown.

Albany City Property Investments

* Developers: St Laurence's Mike O'Sullivan and Kevin Podmore, Symphony's Colin
Reynolds with sons Adam and Damon, and Garry Looker and Gary Nolan.

* Site: 12ha of bare land opposite Westfield Albany

* Dream: $3.5 billion 30-level units, retirement village, offices.

* Reality: Bare, undeveloped land now gradually being sold as freehold titles.

* Losses: $96.1 million in year to March 31, 2009, liquidator says $76.2 million
owed.

Kensington Park, Orewa

* Developers: Patrick Fontein, Allan Clarke, Nicholas Topp, Wendy Norwood.

* Site: Puriri Ave off Centreway Rd, Orewa.

* Dream: $450 million, 750 apartments and houses, lake, shops, gym, pool.

* Reality: Partly finished, scaled back to 650 places by John Sax.

* Losses: Around $93 million, Fontein has $120 million in personal guarantees.

Waimauku Estate VIllage

* Developer: Rick Martin's Cornerstone Group.

* Site: 464ha farmland.

* Dream: 1375 units.

* Reality: Rejected by Environment Court, land sold to Malory Corp.

* Losses: Unknown.

Clevedon Canal Scheme

* Developer: Westminster Properties.

* Dream: Gold Coast-style gated 279 large houses with moorings on canal.

* Site: 5km from the rural community of Clevedon on Wairoa River.

* Reality: Strong local opposition, rejected by Environment Court.

* Losses: Unknown.

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 The New Zealand Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             978 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Creston News Advertiser (Iowa)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             May 13, 2009 Wednesday

Iowana project advances, deadlines loom

BYLINE: Tyler Ellyson, The Creston News Advertiser, Iowa

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 885 words


May 13--Progress is being made toward renovating the Iowana Hotel into
low-income senior housing.

Funding remains an issue, but some milestones have been reached.

Late last year, a $1 million Section 515 Loan was secured through Rural
Development, and low-income-housing tax credits were awarded to the project by
the Iowa Finance Authority (IFA). Both of these funding sources are backed by
Midwest Disaster Relief Tax Credits.

Also, the State Historic Preservation Office accepted the Iowana's nomination to
the National Register of Historical Places in March. Vern Hanson, co-president
of MetroPlains LLC, which is in charge of development for this project, believes
this significantly enhances the ability to get federal historic tax credits.

"(These are) all pretty significant steps toward what we had needed to do in
order for us to prepare for the eventual renovation of the Iowana," he said.

Funding sources

Eight investors/syndicators have evaluated the Iowana project, with WNC,
Enterprise and Midwest Housing Equity Group expressing limited interest toward
investing in the low-income-housing tax credits that could fund the project.
Hanson said he expects investor commitments around the third or fourth quarter
of this year.

"That's pretty much consistent with what we're seeing across the board, no
matter where we're located," he said. "Once we find an investor with the
low-income-housing tax credits, the historic tax credit will automatically
follow."

Gov. Chet Culver recently signed a bill expanding the amount of money provided
for the preservation of historic properties through state tax credits from $20
million to $50 million per year. The problem is Iowa's historic tax credits are
awarded to projects by lottery and are not issued until the project is underway.
Federal historic tax credits are allocated by application, but can be withdrawn
if a project is not completed as originally specified.

Another option is the recently-passed American Reinvestment and Recovery Act.
This act also helps fund affordable rental housing through tax credit assistance
program (TCAP) funds and a buy-back provision (exchange credits) where IFA would
provide funds for returned low-income-housing tax credits.

According to Hanson, IFA should have more information on how they plan to
distribute this funding in the next 30 to 60 days. Using this act would
eliminate the need for an outside investor/syndicator and accelerate the
construction process. Projects using the exchange credits must be completed by
September 2012.

IFA has until June 4 to submit a request for funds from the federal government
and October to determine guidelines for the projects to be funded. Officials
from the city and MetroPlains are scheduled to discuss the Iowana project with
IFA on May 20.

"IFA is in the process of determining how they can, or want, to use these
resources," explained Hanson.

Problems

Hanson said there are some catches when using the American Reinvestment and
Recovery Act.

Midwest disaster relief tax credits aren't applicable under this act, but Hanson
said the state may be able to return these credits and replace them with
exchange funds.

"Not only is it very complicated, but the rules on how they would administer
that is not yet defined," he said.

Federal guidelines also require certain steps to be taken on projects over the
next two years for the project to be considered "real and ready."

"One of the biggest questions the states have in front of them is to determine
which of these projects are real and ready," said Hanson.

The low-income-housing tax and historic tax credit rates have also dropped, and
return on investment has doubled to about 15 percent. This could leave fewer
funds for projects and require secondary funding to fill the gap.

"For all practical purposes, there is insufficient funds in the tax credit
market to do anything with," said Hanson.

Stimulus package money is also being actively pursued.

Moving forward

Hanson said plans are through design development, but there are some steps that
need to be taken in the near future.

A phase one environmental site assessment and lead-based paint, asbestos and
hazardous materials tests must be completed by June 10. After the tests, the
city's cost to date for the project would be $63,760.50, and MetroPlains will
have spent $121,400.

"I think, at that point, the city would be done with expenses," Hanson said.

IFA requires 10 percent of the total project cost, or approximately $506,000, to
be spent by Sept. 30.

"What we've been trying to do is, rather than get into those really, really big
numbers, make sure we've got everything in place before anything else happens,"
said Hanson.

Despite the economical setbacks and fast-approaching deadlines, there is
optimism.

"I wish I could say we're ready to start construction. That's what we're hoping
for," said Hanson. "We're in it for the long run."

To see more of the Creston News Advertiser or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.crestonnewsadvertiser.com. Copyright (c) 2009, The Creston News
Advertiser, Iowa Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090513-IK-Iowana-project-advances-deadlines-loom-0513

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IK


                                 Copyright 2009


                             979 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  The Press-Republican (Plattsburgh, New York)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 14, 2011 Thursday

Federal flood relief pending; loan process stalled

BYLINE: Denise A. Raymo, The Press-Republican, Plattsburgh, N.Y.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 548 words


July 14--MALONE -- Businesses, homeowners and farmers with spring-flooding
damages may still be eligible for low-interest federal loans even if an earlier
denial of assistance sticks.

A variety of federal-relief programs could kick in if requests pending from Gov.
Andrew Cuomo are granted.

But flood victims may have to wait two more months to have their applications
reviewed.

DECISION APPEALED

The Federal Emergency Management Agency has OK'd assistance to upstate counties,
municipalities, fire departments and some nonprofit agencies, making them
eligible for federal public-assistance and hazard-mitigation funds to recover
from spring flooding.

But a state request for individual-recovery assistance through FEMA to help
tri-county businesses and property owners was denied because, a FEMA reply to
Gov. Andrew Cuomo said, the damage sustained wasn't severe enough.

Cuomo has appealed the decision, and U.S. Rep. Bill Owens has sent a letter of
support for the measure.

"It is vital that we explore every avenue of available federal assistance
available to upstate New York so that residents can rebuild their communities,"
he wrote.

Cuomo has also made an appeal to the U.S. Department of Agriculture for
low-interest loans to help farmers who suffered production and physical losses
due to flooding.

LOAN PROCESS HALTED

Farmers, farm cooperatives, small-business owners and private nonprofit agencies
might also be eligible for a second USDA program called the Economic Injury
Disaster Loans program.

But for now, little movement can be made because the pending appeal includes a
halt to applications for help through the Small Business Administration.

"One of the bad parts is that when (FEMA) denied (individual relief), it stopped
the SBA-loan process," said Ricky Provost, director of Franklin County Emergency
Services.

He said property-damage-assessment experts are due back this week to revisit
sites they looked at immediately following the storms and will also check out
other places they could not get to because floodwaters were still too high.

GRANTS LIMITED

That reassessment might bolster the region's case, because FEMA bases its
decision on the number of homes or sites destroyed.

But "we could go another 40 to 60 days" before a decision is made, Provost said,
which means property owners would have to tough it out even longer.

That wait and the weight of worry could be too much for some, such as hotel and
motel owners who may miss the entire tourist season because they have no money
to repair their rooms and amenities for safe occupancy, he said.

If the appeal is successful, individual assistance can include help finding and
funding housing, disaster-unemployment assistance, crisis counseling and other
assistance.

Even if the designation is awarded and individual property owners are eligible
to receive federal assistance, the maximum FEMA grant would be $35,000.

Email Denise A. Raymo at: draymo@pressrepublican.com

To see more of The Press-Republican or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://pressrepublican.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, The Press-Republican,
Plattsburgh, N.Y. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
more information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune
Information Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110714-ZI-Federal-flood-relief-pending-loan
-process-stalled-0714-20110714

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZI


                      Copyright 2011 The Press-Republican


                             980 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                            Middletown Journal, Ohio

                          February 8, 2006, Wednesday

Bush's budget proposal could cost Middletown, Ohio, programs, jobs

BYLINE: By Dave Greber

LENGTH: 524 words



Middletown stands to lose at least one program, one job or both if President
Bush's proposed cut to certain federal funds is approved later this year.

In his 2007 budget proposal, which was released Monday, Bush called for a
21-percent cut in the amount of money given to cities and counties across the
country in the form of community development block grants (CDBG).

The president is requesting to merge the CDBG funding system with other programs
that pay for the cleanup of brownfields, rural housing and economic development.
Critics of the plan are fearful that the $ 975 million cut could eventually lead
to the elimination of the CDBG program altogether.

Such a cut for Middletown -- still reeling from a 9 percent cut to CDBG funds
last year -- would mean at least one program or one job would be eliminated in
2007, city officials said.

"In a place like Middletown, the need is evident," said Angela Tucker, the
Planning Department's community development administrator. "There is no more fat
in this program, so if there is another cut, it's going to mean a program or a
job (next year)."

Since the budget doesn't go into effect until Oct. 1 each year, the budget is
expected to be adopted in September. Last year, Tucker said, Bush proposed a 100
percent cut to the CDBG program, but it was reduced to 9 percent.

In Middletown, CDBG money funds five major programs each year:

--Housing rehabilitation

--Housing code enforcement

--Public services (i.e. Butler County 2-1-1; the Middletown Health Center)

--Neighborhood revitalization

--Economic development loans.

In 2006, the Middletown's 30th year participating in the CDBG funding system,
the city received more than $ 680,000, and was forced to reduce the levels of
coverage for certain programs. If Bush's proposal -- dubbed Strengthening
America's Communities Initiative -- is approved, the city would receive $
544,092. According to city officials, more than $ 500,000 was spent on staff
costs, including salaries and other administrative fees in 2005.

The administration said the current programs are not efficient in some places
and present a plethora of funding sources that can be confusing for communities.

Although Middletown stands to be less effected than Hamilton or Butler County,
Tucker said, any reduction could be detrimental to new initiatives like those
that help subsidize the cost for local residents to renovate their homes.

"That's a huge bang for our buck, but it's so new it could be eliminated,"
Tucker said of the Property Enhancement Program, which is now five years
running. "It's a council favorite. But the city is in no position to absorb new
costs."


Reporter Jim Bebbington contributed to this story.


-----

To see more of the Middletown Journal, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.middletown.com. Copyright (c) 2006, Middletown Journal, Ohio

Distributed by Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News.

For information on republishing this content, contact us at (800) 661-2511
(U.S.), (213) 237-4914 (worldwide), fax (213) 237-6515, or e-mail
reprints@krtinfo.com.

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

KR-ACC-NO: MD-FEDERAL-BUDGET-20060208

JOURNAL-CODE: MD

               Copyright 2006 Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News
                    Copyright 2006 Middletown Journal, Ohio


                             981 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Cumberland Times-News (Maryland)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             April 10, 2016 Sunday

Water project closer to full funding

BYLINE: Heather B. Wolford, Cumberland Times-News, Md.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 425 words


April 10--CUMBERLAND -- A local water project is a step closer to being fully
funded after Allegany County commissioners signed documents to accept a federal
grant during a meeting last week.

The United States Department of Agriculture Rural Development grant is for the
$1.6 million Prince Albert and Sunnyside area water project.

The area consists of 70 homes southeast of Mount Savage with no access to public
water. Residents depend on wells or springs, however the county is working to
extend Frostburg's water source to the location.

"Some of these folks are having to get their water out of a stream behind their
house," said commission President Jake Shade. "It's crazy to think that some
people in our county don't have clean drinking water."

"They will have Frostburg water," said Paul Kahl, the county's director of
public works. "We are extending the line down to serve them."

The USDA awarded the project an $852,000 grant and a $102,000 loan for a total
of $954,000.

The county expects the remainder of the project funding to come from the
Maryland Department of the Environment and the Department of Housing and Urban
Development by mid-summer. Kahl said the funding offer from the USDA is a strong
indicator the project will be fully funded.

"Usually what happens is any time one of the federal funding agencies give us
money for a project, they work with the head of the funding agencies that they
know will get the remainder," said Kahl. "They (USDA) are not going to commit
money to a project they know won't go forward."

Representatives from the USDA are scheduled to visit the site on April 22,
formally announcing their commitment to the project at an Earth Day celebration
ceremony.

"USDA picks projects they like a lot, and they like this project," said Kahl.
"Some of the people in this area really have bad water."

The project will be 88 percent funded by grants, according to Kahl.

"Providing safe drinking water in Allegany County is one of the most important
things we do," said Kahl. "We have been able to work through our relationships
with the state and federal government to provide a funding package to make the
water affordable to our residents."

The county was able to bypass those still wanting to keep their wells, and
construction at the sites is expected to last until winter 2017, Kahl said.

Follow staff writer Heather Wolford on Twitter @heatherbwolford.

___ (c)2016 the Cumberland Times News (Cumberland, Md.) Visit the Cumberland
Times News (Cumberland, Md.) at times-news.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160410-UM-Water-project-closer-to-full-funding-0410-20160410

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UM


                      Copyright 2016 Cumberland Times-News


                             982 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             The New Zealand Herald

                           February 21, 2004 Saturday

What's eating pakeha: The beneficiaries of race-based funding

BYLINE: By RUTH BERRY

SECTION: NEWS; General

LENGTH: 899 words


National confirms it will swing the axe in the area of race-based funding but it
refused to give the Weekend Herald answers on most of the 10 programmes listed,
saying it has yet to develop its policy.

* Te Mangai Paho is a Crown entity established by National in 1993 to recognise
the Crown's broadcasting responsibilities regarding the Maori language and Maori
culture.

Essentially the Maori version of NZ On Air, TMP finances the production of
television programmes in the Maori language and about Maori in English. It also
funds some Maori-language CDs and the national network of Maori radio stations.
Its budget is just under $40 million.

* Special Housing Action Zones - bridging finance for papakainga. This Reducing
Inequality initiative, run by Te Puni Kokiri and Housing New Zealand, has a
four-year, $1.15 million budget.

It is designed for Maori communities occupying their papakainga (original home
base) or living on Maori land in multiple ownership, but is theoretically
available to other groups.

It provides two-year, interest-free loans to groups to build houses to sell on
to families. It is one of 11 programmes aimed to improve housing for low-income
people.

* Decile Funding for Schools. The present system, introduced by National in
1995, gives schools in under-privileged areas extra funding. The worst-off
schools are rated decile one and get an extra $682 a year a student. Decile 10
schools get none of this funding.

Six factors determine decile rating including: household income, household
crowding, parents' occupations, their educational qualifications, income support
payment and Maori and Pacific Island ethnicity. Independent research claims that
removing the ethnicity factor would result in little change to the funding
spread.

* TeachNZ Scholarships. These $10,000 scholarships are available to people from
rural areas wanting to teach in rural schools or to aspiring Maori or Pacific
teachers. About 500 were awarded last year.

National initiated the Pacific scholarships and Labour expanded the scheme. The
Government will next year fold the ethnic scholarships into a new "step-up"
programme for tertiary assistance, based on parental income only.

Other $10,000 scholarships for aspiring biology, chemistry, computing, English,
maths, physical education (PE), physics, and te reo Maori teachers will remain.

* Improving Responsiveness of Education to Maori. This is a Reducing Inequality
Ministry of Education initiative to shift teacher beliefs and practices to
improve the teaching of Maori. It is targeted at Maori students and has a $2.5
million budget. The pilot was extended after research showed programmes were
resulting in significant improvements in performance of Maori students.

* Maori Organisational Development Assistance programme. This is a Reducing
Inequality capacity-building initiative targeting Maori, with a $6 million,
four-year budget.

Run by the Community Employment Group (CEG), it aims to help existing Maori
organisations improve their ability to achieve employment and enterprise results
for their community. CEG, which works with communities to improve employment
opportunities, also has targeted Pacific people, women and youth programmes.

* Whanau Development Initiatives. This is another Reducing Inequality
capacity-building initiative run by the Social Development Ministry. It is
targeted to Maori with a $3 million budget, and was given another $1 million
last year.

Its aim is to strengthen communities and it ran at 12 sites last year. It has
been used to: hold marae-based course teaching traditional practices; establish
marae vegetable gardens with the aim of selling products to fund marae
developments; set up skill development programmes, including computer skills and
business start-up advice.

* Work Track Extension Programme to Maori and Pacific Islanders. This Reducing
Inequality Social Development Ministry initiative has developed a Work Track
Programme for Maori and Pacific people at risk of long-term unemployment.

It offers employment assistance including provision of offices with resources
and computers and has a $9 million, four-year budget.

* Community Education Initiatives to Reduce Family Violence and Child Abuse.

This Child Youth and Family Reducing Inequality initiative targets Maori and
Pacific Islanders and has a $10.3 million, four-year budget.

It finances Pacific and iwi and Maori providers for initiatives to reduce family
violence. Its activities include group and individual education programmes,
counselling, home-based support and programmes for youth at risk. Other
mainstream initiatives exist.

* Maori Smoking Reduction Initiative. This is a Reducing Inequality initiative
with a four-year, $20 million budget to specifically reduce Maori smoking.

Other funding exists for mainstream programmes. It involves the expansion of the
pre-existing Aukati Kai Paipa programme focused on Maori women to include
whanau-based programmes. It also pays for training new service providers and
expansion of the Quit/Me Mutu mass media campaign targeting Maori smokers.

http://www.nzherald.co.nz/storydisplay.cfm?reportID=1162603 Herald Feature:
Maori issues

http://www.nzherald.co.nz/storydisplay.cfm?storyID=3510021&thesection=feature&th
esubsection=&reportid=1162603 Related information and links

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

          Copyright 2004 The New Zealand Herald.  All Rights Reserved.


                             983 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                               September 21, 1992

AIDS Care Facility Construction Done

BYLINE: By GEORGIA STEELE, NMN Correspondent

SECTION: FARM AND RURAL MORTGAGES; Pg. 37

LENGTH: 324 words

DATELINE: SEATTLE


Bailey-Boushay House, the nation's first new construction of a long-term care
facility for AIDS patients, has opened here as a result of public/private
support.

The project, which took four years to complete, in a 35-bed residential care
facility for people dying at AIDS.

It also offers an adult center that assists 35 AIDS sufferers daily who are
still able to live at home but need daytime care.

It also provides physical, occupational, infusion and aerosol thereapies,
counseling services, an arts program, and a working greenhouse, and is designed
to handle nursing care for any other chronic disease whenever AIDS is conquered.

In addition to giving money, private lenders ran fund raisers and donated
political lobbying muscle and communications support services to the project.

The loan to purchase the five vacant lots at the site camWashington Mutual
Savings Bank and the Seattle Housing Authority.

Lobbyists from Seafirst Bank, Boeing and Weyerhaeuser broke a political logjam
in the Washington legislature to pass a bill allowing the project to receive a
higher rate of reimbursement from the state than ordinary nursing homes because
people with AIDS require more care.

Seafirst chairman Luke Helms headed a fundraising campaign.  When the Robert
Wood Johnson Foundation made a low interest, 3% loan of $ 1.5 million for
permanent financing of the project, it was guaranteed by Security Pacific Bank
for an additional 1%.

Lenders making corporate contributions to the project were Seafirst Bank, $
25,000; Security Pacific, $ 25,000; U.S. Bank, $ 10,000; First Interstate Bank,
$ 5,000; Pacific First Federal Savings Bank, $ 2,500; and Washington Mutual, $
2,000.

Government and plic funds for the project amounted to $ 3.52 million; corporate
and foundation contributions were $ 1.8 million; private financing came to $ 1.5
million; and individual contributions were $ 1 million for a total of $ 7.86
million.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1992 National Thrift News, Inc.


                             984 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Burton Mail

                            February 13, 2009 Friday

Tenth of region's houses now empty

BYLINE: RICHARD CASTLE

LENGTH: 422 words


NEARLY a 10th of all houses in East Staffordshire are empty, new figures have
revealed.

But, under Government guidelines, East Staffordshire Borough Council is
committed to building a further 12,900 homes by 2026.

The borough council's 2008 stock condition survey says there are 3,248 houses
with no one living in them.

Out of these, 2,154 are for sale or rent, 627 are undergoing repairs or
'modernisation' and 437 are 'long term empty', 353 of which are in the rural
south of the borough.

Borough councillor Michael Rodgers, who represents the Burton ward, said he was
"staggered" by the Government's demands, which he thinks will "destroy the
countryside".

Councillor Rodgers said: "The Government seems to think, when the housing market
picks up, we'll have to rebuild on a massive scale.

"The plan to build 12,900 homes by 2026 will surely need to be very carefully
looked into.

"In my opinion, the number of homes prescribed has been grossly over-calculated.

"I might well be proved to be wrong but I just don't think there's the demand
and can't see there being in the near future.

"All that will happen is there'll be more and more houses being built on
greenfield sites and I think, once you go down that road, it's a slippery
slope."

Burton MP Janet Dean said she thought the empty houses, of which there are twice
as many as in 2005, were down to a temporarily poor housing market.

She said: "There's cross-party support for making East Staffordshire a growth
point.

"We know things are difficult at the moment in terms of getting mortgages and
keeping their jobs but we also know people want to live in East Staffordshire.

"The borough council accepted the 12,900 homes agreement and accepted East
Staffordshire should be a growth point.

"Trent and Dove is also working with the Government to buy up some of the empty
properties to make affordable housing.

"The Government is also taking steps to stop houses being repossessed and, with
interest rates now very low, people's mortgage repayments are falling."

A spokesman for homeless charity Shelter said: "It is shocking that so many
homes in East Staffordshire are lying empty and unused for years at a time, but
there are many reasons why councils can't use these homes to house homeless
people or people on housing waiting lists.

"More than 90 per cent of empty homes are privately owned, and some of them may
be used as second homes. Also, many homes are not fit to live in, are only empty
for short periods or will be in areas where people may not want to live."

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BM


                    Copyright 2009 Iliffe News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             985 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Western Morning News (Plymouth)

                           September 19, 2006 Tuesday

Singing from same hymn sheet

SECTION: Pg. 4

LENGTH: 511 words


Regular readers  will be aware that Graeme Hicks, Cornwall county and Kerrier
district councillor, and I have not always seen eye to eye on matters concerning
my company's creation of new homes principally designed for local first-time
buyers. However, I was pleased to note one aspect of his letter (August 22) in
which we are evidently singing very much from the same hymn sheet.

I strongly support Coun Hicks when he says that "releasing some council-owned
land under the strictest conditions, and solely for affordable housing for
genuinely local people of proven need, should be urgently considered". This
concept is precisely what my company is putting into practice at Mabe, near
Penryn, and I would be truly delighted to work with Coun Hicks and his
colleagues in pursuing more such projects.

At Mabe, subject to the successful outcome of our current planning application,
we will provide the village's first exclusive affordable homes project with 12
one-bedroom apartments, on a site that previously won permission, now lapsed,
for local housing by another company utilising the Rural Exceptions Policy,
whereby housing for local people can be provided where normal open  market
housing would not normally be allowed.

Under our scheme, prospective purchasers are being identified in accordance with
conditions and procedures laid down by Kerrier District Council.  Applicants
must demonstrate that they would otherwise be unable to buy on the open market
and that they are first-time buyers.  Other criteria, also agreed with the
district council,  apply.

In an exhaustive public consultation, including a letter to all residents
inviting registration of interest, we established the level of need in Mabe.
The exact nature and scale of the proposed development has been influenced by
the response to this parish survey. This is an exercise we are keen to repeat
wherever and whenever possible, working hand in hand with the local authorities.

To help cement our links with local councillors, I have also written to the
Kerrier District Council chairman inviting her and all her fellow members to
visit our Vyvyan's Court development in Camborne to see for themselves our
flagship project and  meet the many happy occupiers who have already moved in.
Our "open book" policy is also illustrated via the website www.aheadstart4u. com
for a unique scheme that enables the purchase price for our flats to be reduced
below £60,000.

The site explains exactly how this is achieved, thus answering Coun Hicks' query
as to whether any additional loans are involved.  They are not.

Finally, I applaud Coun Hicks for his efforts, to which he refers in his letter,
to combat the shortcomings of some developers as regards the inadequacy of their
infrastructure contributions. My company regularly commits substantial
expenditure to infrastructure and off-site "community gain", but as a
long-experienced operator  I am well aware that by no means all other developers
come up to scratch in this respect.

David Worlledge

Managing Director Affordable Homes of  Cornwall Ltd Falmouth

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2006 Western Morning News (Plymouth)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             986 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Western Morning News (Plymouth)

                           September 19, 2006 Tuesday

Singing from same hymn sheet

SECTION: Pg. 4

LENGTH: 511 words


Regular readers  will be aware that Graeme Hicks, Cornwall county and Kerrier
district councillor, and I have not always seen eye to eye on matters concerning
my company's creation of new homes principally designed for local first-time
buyers. However, I was pleased to note one aspect of his letter (August 22) in
which we are evidently singing very much from the same hymn sheet.

I strongly support Coun Hicks when he says that "releasing some council-owned
land under the strictest conditions, and solely for affordable housing for
genuinely local people of proven need, should be urgently considered". This
concept is precisely what my company is putting into practice at Mabe, near
Penryn, and I would be truly delighted to work with Coun Hicks and his
colleagues in pursuing more such projects.

At Mabe, subject to the successful outcome of our current planning application,
we will provide the village's first exclusive affordable homes project with 12
one-bedroom apartments, on a site that previously won permission, now lapsed,
for local housing by another company utilising the Rural Exceptions Policy,
whereby housing for local people can be provided where normal open  market
housing would not normally be allowed.

Under our scheme, prospective purchasers are being identified in accordance with
conditions and procedures laid down by Kerrier District Council.  Applicants
must demonstrate that they would otherwise be unable to buy on the open market
and that they are first-time buyers.  Other criteria, also agreed with the
district council,  apply.

In an exhaustive public consultation, including a letter to all residents
inviting registration of interest, we established the level of need in Mabe.
The exact nature and scale of the proposed development has been influenced by
the response to this parish survey. This is an exercise we are keen to repeat
wherever and whenever possible, working hand in hand with the local authorities.

To help cement our links with local councillors, I have also written to the
Kerrier District Council chairman inviting her and all her fellow members to
visit our Vyvyan's Court development in Camborne to see for themselves our
flagship project and  meet the many happy occupiers who have already moved in.
Our "open book" policy is also illustrated via the website www.aheadstart4u. com
for a unique scheme that enables the purchase price for our flats to be reduced
below £60,000.

The site explains exactly how this is achieved, thus answering Coun Hicks' query
as to whether any additional loans are involved.  They are not.

Finally, I applaud Coun Hicks for his efforts, to which he refers in his letter,
to combat the shortcomings of some developers as regards the inadequacy of their
infrastructure contributions. My company regularly commits substantial
expenditure to infrastructure and off-site "community gain", but as a
long-experienced operator  I am well aware that by no means all other developers
come up to scratch in this respect.

David Worlledge

Managing Director Affordable Homes of  Cornwall Ltd Falmouth

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2006 Western Morning News (Plymouth)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             987 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Express

                              June 1, 2007 Friday
                                U.K. 1st Edition

Good plot woos first-timers;
express property

BYLINE: By Maisha Frost

SECTION: FEATURES; 70

LENGTH: 735  words


AN imaginative project designed to bring low-cost, good-looking homes within the
budget of first-timers is winning interest from all quarters - including housing
associations and councils.

Over the past few weeks, developer Living Space 21 has received many enquiries
about its new-build studios scheme that encourages individuals and communities
to look at smaller or overlooked plots of land.

A primary draw has been affordability. The prices - from GBP 100,000 for a
freehold package, GBP 59,950 for a studio or GBP 19,950 for a self-build option
- make it easier for buyers to purchase outright.

The wood-frame apartments come with a choice of claddings and eco-features and a
10-year guarantee from the National House-Building Council. Each requires 40-50
square metres of land with access. "If someone has a plot and wants to sell, we
want to buy. We will pay GBP 40,000 or the current land value, " said Living
Space 21 director Ray Bedeman.

The apartments are aimed at people in rent traps who want to get on the property
ladder; parents with adult children still at home; cash-strapped key workers;
those looking for an economical live/work space; rural communities squeezed by
second home owners pushing up prices and councils keen to cut housing waiting
lists and improve the supply of affordable homes.

For sellers, there are significant attractions, too. "It could interest those
with large gardens who would welcome some extra spending money by freeing up
equity in their homes on better terms than current release schemes, " said Mr
Bedeman.

Two factors - land and design - have combined to make the radical concept
feasible. Available sites, however unpromising, can have their potential
transformed by ultra-adaptable constructions.

The Living Space 21 apartments feature pioneering building techniques that
enable them to be tailored to almost any location and leave the lightest
environmental footprint possible for the price.

"This is chameleon construction, our answer to a housing and land crisis that
has marginalised those with lesser means, " said Mr Bedeman, who is working with
one of the UK's leading eco-building experts, Green Party founder Professor
Michael Benfield. His company, Benfield ATT, is responsible for designing and
constructing the apartments.

"These are bespoke solutions that maximise land use and the interior space to
get best value for the occupants, " Professor Benfield said. And the studios,
which will qualify for mortgage financing, have further inbuilt advantages
destined, he believes, to become more apparent.

"Moving is becoming increasingly expensive when you take into account service
costs and stamp duty. These homes have a long-term component, they can be
extended, so if owners do not want to move they may not have to, " he added.

Under the proposed Home Information Packs, buildings will be subject to
ever-tighter environmental controls.

Those that already meet or exceed sustainable requirements should eventually see
that feed through to their value.

"The outlay to bring older homes up to contemporary standards will eventually be
reflected in market valuations, " said Professor Benfield. "Life cycle or
running costs do not figure at present in lending on property, but common sense
may eventually prevail and that will happen." For this reason, along with those
of well-being and good health, he has ensured that the Living Space 21 studios
tick as many eco and zero-carbon emission boxes as possible.

The timber frames will be sourced from sustainable European forests.

The slope of the roof can be angled to get the most from solar panels. Rainwater
capture and recycling are also fundamental parts of the design. Other features,
like smart meters that detail energy use and sun tubes that use highly-polished
surfaces to reflect natural light to dark areas, are also possible.

However, Professor Benfield did not hesitate when asked what design aspect of
the Living Space 21 he likes most. "The stilts, " he said. "They used to be very
popular in Britain centuries ago, then fell out of favour on a mere whim.

"You still see them overseas.

They are practical because they offer space that can be used or adapted in
future. If this project opens up minds to what stilts can offer, that would be
very satisfying."

INFORMATION:

Living Space 21: 0870 7444 983, www. livingspace21. com or e-mail:

inspire@livingspace21. com Benfield ATT: www. benfieldatt. co. uk

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: ONA HIGH: Young couples are among the many who have been won over by
the idea of homes on stilts

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2007 XPRESS - Al Nisr Media FZ LLC
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             988 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Journal (Newcastle, UK)

                            April 18, 2015 Saturday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Valley homes for families

SECTION: HOME MAKER;FEATURES; Pg. 73

LENGTH: 413 words


THE spectacular Northumberland countryside, healthy lifestyle and easy
accessibility to Newcastle, Gateshead and Hexham mean that homes in the Tyne
Valley generally attract a great deal of interest. And brand new homes are very
popular.

So it is no wonder that developers Taylor Wimpey are seeing a high level of
enquiries about its development in the village of Corbridge which has yet to be
launched.

The Potteries will offer a range of luxury homes. Set across land on Cragside,
the development will consist of thre- bedroom bungalows and four and five
bedroom family homes.

The development will also includes a separate site which will include 18
affordable two and three-bedroom properties.

Karl Morton, sales and marketing director for Taylor Wimpey North East, said:
"We're very excited to soon launch this highly-anticipated development to house
buyers in the Northumberland area, especially as we've already had well over 200
people register their interest so far."

The Potteries is set in the rural idyllic setting, with fantastic views while
also incorporating fantastic green spaces and will also feature a landscaped
play area for children.

Karl continues: "While benefiting from its beautiful, green settings near
Corbridge village, housebuyers can also take advantage of our financial
incentives such as Help to Buy and Easymover, making it more affordable than
ever to move into a new home."

Homes will include the four-bedroom Cavendish, Sherbourne and President house
types, all with double garage. The interiors will all have a lounge, separate
dining room and study.

Through the Government-backed Help to Buy, aspiring home owners can get on to
the property ladder with just a 5% deposit, when purchasing properties worth up
to the value of £600,000.

Using Help to Buy they only have to source a 75% mortgage, the remaining 20%
coming in the form of a Government equity loan which is interest-free for five
years.

Meanwhile Taylor Wimpey's Easymover scheme alleviates the stress of selling,
with the builder liaising with estate agents and even covering the cost of their
fees.

The Potteries also includes a site located off Synclen Avenue which will include
18 affordable two and three bedroom properties.

Karl added: "For any interested buyers in the area, I would highly recommend
registering their interest online to be kept up-to-date with the development's
launch."

To register interest in The Potteries development, visit www.taylorwimpey.co.uk
or tel: 01434 405205.

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: An artist's <Bimpression of three of the impressive house types to be
built in Corbridge - the Cavendish, above, the Sherborne, far left, and
President, all with four bedrooms and a double garage

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TJN


               Copyright 2015 Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             989 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Journal (Newcastle, UK)

                            April 18, 2015 Saturday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Valley homes for families

SECTION: HOME MAKER;FEATURES; Pg. 73

LENGTH: 413 words


THE spectacular Northumberland countryside, healthy lifestyle and easy
accessibility to Newcastle, Gateshead and Hexham mean that homes in the Tyne
Valley generally attract a great deal of interest. And brand new homes are very
popular.

So it is no wonder that developers Taylor Wimpey are seeing a high level of
enquiries about its development in the village of Corbridge which has yet to be
launched.

The Potteries will offer a range of luxury homes. Set across land on Cragside,
the development will consist of thre- bedroom bungalows and four and five
bedroom family homes.

The development will also includes a separate site which will include 18
affordable two and three-bedroom properties.

Karl Morton, sales and marketing director for Taylor Wimpey North East, said:
"We're very excited to soon launch this highly-anticipated development to house
buyers in the Northumberland area, especially as we've already had well over 200
people register their interest so far."

The Potteries is set in the rural idyllic setting, with fantastic views while
also incorporating fantastic green spaces and will also feature a landscaped
play area for children.

Karl continues: "While benefiting from its beautiful, green settings near
Corbridge village, housebuyers can also take advantage of our financial
incentives such as Help to Buy and Easymover, making it more affordable than
ever to move into a new home."

Homes will include the four-bedroom Cavendish, Sherbourne and President house
types, all with double garage. The interiors will all have a lounge, separate
dining room and study.

Through the Government-backed Help to Buy, aspiring home owners can get on to
the property ladder with just a 5% deposit, when purchasing properties worth up
to the value of £600,000.

Using Help to Buy they only have to source a 75% mortgage, the remaining 20%
coming in the form of a Government equity loan which is interest-free for five
years.

Meanwhile Taylor Wimpey's Easymover scheme alleviates the stress of selling,
with the builder liaising with estate agents and even covering the cost of their
fees.

The Potteries also includes a site located off Synclen Avenue which will include
18 affordable two and three bedroom properties.

Karl added: "For any interested buyers in the area, I would highly recommend
registering their interest online to be kept up-to-date with the development's
launch."

To register interest in The Potteries development, visit www.taylorwimpey.co.uk
or tel: 01434 405205.

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: An artist's <Bimpression of three of the impressive house types to be
built in Corbridge - the Cavendish, above, the Sherborne, far left, and
President, all with four bedrooms and a double garage

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TJN


               Copyright 2015 Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             990 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                            August 26, 2006 Saturday

Housing Price Correction Gaining Momentum

LENGTH: 519 words


By Yoon Ja-young

Apartment prices are continuing to fall in Kangnam, southern Seoul, indicating
that the real estate market has entered a corrective phase on higher property
taxes and other measures to curb home prices, according to real estate brokers
and government officials.

Buying also decreased, reflecting the difficulty in tapping housing loans at
banks, which have recently tightened their loan screening in line with
regulators' guidelines. People seeking to buy homes are also delaying their
purchases on expectations of further falls in prices, brokers said.

At the same time, the actual prices buyers paid were mostly lower than the
market price information posted on various real estate brokerage Web sites.
These prices, lower than those posted on the homepage of Kookmin Bank and other
Internet real estate information providers, are also expected to add further
downward pressure on prices in Seoul and surrounding satellite cities.

The Ministry of Construction and Transportation (MOCT) publicized on the its
homepage (www.moct.go.kr) the actual transaction price information on 2,896 out
of 237,000 housing contracts made in the first half of this year.

It showed that the average prices of apartments in Kangnam, Socho, and Songpa
District fell 14.4 percent to 19.27 million won per pyong (3.3 square meters) in
June, from 22.52 million won in March.

The average price of apartments in five newly constructed satellite cities -
Ilsan, Pundang, Sanbon, Pyongchon and Chungdong - fell even further, plunging
16.5 percent to 9.35 million won per pyong in June from 11.20 million won in
March.

"The data showed that apartment prices peaked in March," when the government
announced the latest anti-speculation steps on March. 30, a ministry official
said.

However, the apartment prices in northern Seoul and other rural cities moved
little, showing a bubble in apartment prices in expensive districts and
satellite cities.

The number of people buying apartments dropped, with the number of transactions
nationwide falling to 33,000 in June from 53,000 in March. Even fewer people
moved to buy apartments in Kangnam, with the number of apartment transactions in
July recording only 20 percent of March's figure.

Potential buyers are expecting prices to fall thanks to government
anti-speculation measures, and according to real estate analysts this
expectation has led to a plunge in prices.

"By announcing the actual transaction prices, we would be able to fix the
distortion in real estate prices, such as price fixing by homeowners," said
Construction and Transportation Minister Choo Byung-jik. Apartment owners often
colluded to fix apartment prices above a certain level, accelerating price hikes
and creating a bubble. As they pushed real estate agents to announce their
apartment prices higher than the actual transaction price, there was a
discrepancy between the two.

Choo added that the real transaction prices will be announced every quarter.
"Though the prices announced by real estate agents haven't fallen much, the
average actual transaction price hit a ceiling in March and began to fall from
April."

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2006 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             991 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 July 7, 1981, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

ENVIRONMENTALISTS SEE GAIN FOR ISLANDS IN HOUSE BUDGET

BYLINE: By SETH S. KING, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 15, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 729 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, July 6


Environmentalists who for three years have been seeking more Federal protection
for the fragile barrier islands along the Atlantic Coast have gained some
unexpected support in the latest budget action by the House of Representatives.

In one section of the budget bill it passed before its current recess, the House
would forbid issuing any more Federal flood insurance for new housing or new
commercial construction on barrier islands.

In another, it would eliminate most of the funds for rural community
development, in the past a principal source of money for extending sewer and
water supply systems on the less developed barrier islands.

If these two sections survive the House-Senate conference, they will accomplish,
without further legislative battles, a part of what a controversial bill now
pending in Congress seeks to do.

300 Stretched Along Coasts

The more than 300 barrier islands stretching along the Atlantic and Gulf Coasts
include such well known areas as Fire Island, Atlantic City, Nahant in
Massachusetts, Rehoboth Beach in Delaware, and the Outer Banks of North
Carolina, as well as Miami Beach and Padre Island in Texas.

Many of these islands are narrow strips of unstable sand with shorelines that
constantly shift under the force of storm-driven surf and ocean currents.

A recent study by the United States Geological Survey disclosed that in the last
30 years urban and built-up areas on barrier islands had increased by 140,000
acres, more than 150 percent. In the same period, their wetland areas, which
protect and sustain fish, shellfish and waterfowl, have decreased by almost
80,000 acres.

Much of the development in this period has been along the beachfronts below
elevations the storm-driven waves reach. Hundreds of beachfront homes have been
washed into the sea. The shoreline in front of hundreds of others has eroded
away, and many of them will also soon fall into the sea.

U.S. Financing for Builders

The environmentalists contend that without federally subsidized flood insurance
developers could not have borrowed money for the housing and commercial
structures that they have built along barrier island shorelines. Nor could
owners rebuild on the same flood-prone sites without this insurance.

These structures, the environmentalists argue, have interrupted the natural
movement of the barrier islands and threatened marine life in the bays and
marshes on their shore sides.

The flood insurance program is available for all flood-susceptible communities
that meet Federal zoning regulations and construction standards. The insurance
is required for federally related financing in flood hazard areas.

From 1978 through 1980 there was an operating deficit averaging $231 on each
Federal policy on barrier island property, which taxpayers financed. In 90
barrier island communities, claims amounting to more than $43 million were paid
in the last two years.

Means of Controlling Development

One means of controlling development, the environmentalists contend, would be to
deny federally subsidized flood insurance on new barrier island structures.
Another would be to take away Federal loans and grants for expansion of water
and electrical systems.

The House budget bill prohibits the sale of Federal flood insurance for any new
barrier island housing. It would also deny the insurance on houses and
commercial structures that were substantially rebuilt after a storm, and it
would cut more than $180 million from rural development funds for the fiscal
year 1982.

The same provisions are included in legislation introduced by Representative
Thomas B. Evans, Republican of Delaware, and Senator John Chaffee, Republican of
Rhode Island. The Evans-Chaffee measure would go further by prohibiting any
Federal financial assistance for construction or for community facilities on any
parts of barrier islands not already developed.

Supporters of the Evans-Chaffee bill are expecting opposition from Southern
Congressmen, many of whose constituents either own property on the more fragile
barrier islands or are building on them.

The Senate's budget bill does not include a denial of Federal flood insurance,
although it also provides deep cuts in community development loan funds.

The flood insurance ban could be lifted by the House-Senate budget conference if
the Senate members refuse to accept it.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustrations: Map of U.S.A.

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                             992 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Evening Sun (Hanover, Pennsylvania)

                             August 28, 2015 Friday

News briefs from Aug. 28

BYLINE: Staff report

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 719 words


Hanover

Donate books for YWCA sale

The YWCA Hanover, 23 W. Chestnut St., Hanover, is accepting donations for its
annual book sale in collection bins in front of the building.

The Used Book Sale will be Nov. 6-8. The preview will be 6-9 p.m. Nov. 6 with a
$10 admission. Additional hours are 8 a.m.-3 p.m. Nov. 7, pay per book; and 12-3
p.m. Nov. 8, pay per bag.

Hanover

Trinity Nursery School has afternoon openings

Trinity Nursery School, 116 York St., Hanover, has openings for afternoon
preschool classes for children ages 3, 4 and 5. The Two & You Class, for
toddlers and their caretakers, also has openings.

The nursery school is staffed by qualified teachers and offers a diverse
curriculum. A parent helper is assigned each day. Registration packets can be
picked up at the church office. For more information, call 637-2126 or email
trinitynurseryhanover@gmail.com

New Oxford

Christian Women's Club meets Sept. 9

The Hanover Christian Women's Club will hold a luncheon 12-2 p.m. Sept. 9 at
Cross Keys Restaurant Banquet Room, 6110 York Road, New Oxford.

The special feature will be presented by Suzanne Saunders of the Salvation Army.
The singer will be Kim Smith and Jo Jerrehian will speak on "A Free Gift." The
cost is $12. For reservations by Sept. 5, call Violet at 717-451-2497, or Ruth
at 717-633-7360.

Gettysburg

Advisory Commission to give park update

Gettysburg National Military Park's Advisory Commission will meet at 7 p.m.
Sept. 17 at the park Museum and Visitor Center, 1195 Baltimore Pike, Gettysburg.
Use the classroom doors on the far right front of the building.

The meeting agenda includes an operational update on park activities including
the Museum and Visitor Center, plans for the National Park Service Centennial,
preservation and rehabilitation projects on the battlefield at Little Round Top
and elsewhere, other park projects, and a citizens' open forum.

For more information, contact Gettysburg National Military Park at 717-334-1124
ext. 3121.

Hershey

Golf tourney benefits HACC scholarships

The Frank J. Dixon Tournament for scholarships at HACC will be held Sept. 28 on
the East Course at Hershey Country Club, 1000 E. Derry Road, Hershey.

Registration starts at 10 a.m., with a buffet lunch at 11 a.m. and shotgun start
at 12 p.m.Sponsorships are available through Sept. 4. For information, visit
hacc.edu/haccfoundation .

East Berlin

Art & Wine Show to benefit library

The East Berlin Community Library will hold an Art & Wine Show 6-9 p.m. Oct. 16
in the Back Room Ballroom, 139 W. King St., East Berlin.Tickets are $10 and
include wine tasting, hors d'oeuvers and Wolfgang Candy. View art and meet the
artists. Ages 21 and up. For details, call the library at 717-259-9000.

Spring Grove

Senior center holds exercise classes

Windy Hill on the Campus, 1472 Roth's Church Road, Spring Grove, offers several
free low-impact exercise classes for older adults that are facilitated by
trained professionals.

A chair exercise class, at 11 a.m. Mondays and Wednesdays, focuses on stretching
and flexibility exercises. The Walking Club meets 10 a.m. Wednesdays. A Healthy
Steps class is held at 11 a.m. Thursdays for improving and maintaining strength
and balance to reduce injury and prevent falls.

For information and registration, call 717-225-0733.

Hanover and Spring Grove

Meals on Wheels volunteers needed

Windy Hill on the Campus, 1472 Roth's Church Road, Spring Grove, is seeking
volunteers for Meals on Wheels meal delivery to homebound seniors in Spring
Grove and Hanover.

Volunteers are needed Monday, Wednesday and Friday mornings from approximately
10 a.m. to 12:30 p.m. for one to two times per month. For more information,
contact Laura Yohe at 717-225-0733.

Statewide

Home loans available to low-income rural residents

The Pennsylvania Rural Development is seeking applications for low-interest
loans and grants to make housing repairs for low-income rural residents.

The loans and grants are being provided through USDA Rural Development's 504
Housing Repair Program. Applicants must meet income requirements and be located
in an eligible rural area. Grants are available for the elderly who meet the
very-low income requirements and are also over 62 years of age.

To apply or for more information, contact Heather Bloom at 724-482-4800 ext.
110, or heather.bloom@pa.usda.gov Visit www.rd.usda.gov/pa .

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Donate books now for the YWCA Hanover Used Book Sale Nov. 6-8.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             993 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            August 29, 1999, Sunday

Tenants say apartment complexes mismanaged

BYLINE: AMYLIA WIMMER

SECTION: CITRUS TIMES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1054 words

DATELINE: CRYSTAL RIVER



A report is expected this week detailing the investigation into Jotar
Management, which oversees two complexes.

The manager at Atlantis Arms/Greenleaf Forest apartments was just finishing a
round of phone calls when Carla Hernandez stepped through the office door.

The manager needed to fill a vacancy, but calls to people on the waiting list
hadn't turned up any prospective tenants. Hernandez, who was fleeing a bad
relationship and had no job and no money, thought it was her lucky day.

Hernandez and her two young daughters needed a cheap place to live; the
federally subsidized complex needed a new tenant.

"When my girls and I moved in here, we had no place to go," said Hernandez, 45,
who now works at a day care center. "At that point I didn't care what I had to
do to put a roof over my kids' heads."

That was four years ago. Now Hernandez and her daughters are wondering whether
they will have that roof much longer.

Hernandez has joined a growing list of apartment residents, former complex
employees, law enforcement agencies and neighborhood watch group members who
question how Jotar Management, which manages the apartments for the owners, does
business.

Hernandez and her daughters live in Greenleaf Forest, one of two apartment
complexes built side by side 20 years ago using loans from the federal
government. Rural Development, an arm of the U.S. Department of Agriculture,
pays part or all of the rent for residents of the apartments who qualify for
help.

The agency pays a substantial portion of Hernandez' rent, leaving her to pay $
68 each month for a two-bedroom apartment.

This week, Rural Development is expected to release a report on its
investigation of Jotar, prompted by questions from former Jotar employees and
U.S. Rep. Karen Thurman, D-Dunnellon. That report will include some suggested
improvements but, says Louis Frost, acting state director of Rural Development,
"We didn't find any real smoking guns."

Some residents, frustrated with the management company and convinced that Rural
Development works too closely with Jotar, are wondering where they can turn
next. They say their apartments are in disrepair, Jotar keeps sloppy records,
and the company often tries to collect rent the tenants believe they have
already paid.

Hernandez is among the tenants accused of owing  rent. She said she has tried to
meet with Jotar to go over her rent receipts and has even offered to pay the $
461 the company says she owes - even though she believes she has already paid
it.

"When people are that afraid to let you know what you owe that they will not let
you see what's in your file, they have to be hiding something," Hernandez said.

Jotar, however, says it has tried to get Hernandez to pay her rent.

"She has been a difficult pay throughout her tenancy," said Tim Haines, an
attorney for Jotar. "They have met with her on numerous occasions, and
regardless, she pays late and tried to make partial payments, and they just
haven't been able to work with her."

Jotar filed an eviction notice against her, but as Hernandez waited at the
Citrus County Courthouse for her eviction hearing before County Judge Mark
Yerman on Aug. 20, she learned Jotar had dropped the eviction.

The management company will not say whether it still plans to evict her from the
complex. Hernandez fears the worst and believes Jotar is retaliating against her
for taking her complaints to Thurman's office.

"They don't like me because I just tell it like it is," Hernandez said.

Haines said Hernandez' accusation is groundless.

"We don't ever evict anybody because they complain about the condition of their
apartment," Haines said.

In court filings dealing with her eviction, Hernandez makes other claims against
Jotar that have surfaced before. Among other concerns, residents have said that
each time Jotar hires a new on-site manager to live and work in the complex,
that manager is directed to collect back rent from several residents.

In June, when notices were posted on the doors of residents who Jotar said owed
back rent, they were flooded with people who produced receipts proving they had
made those payments.

In court documents, Hernandez' attorney, John Fogarty of Withlacoochee Area
Legal Aid, says Hernandez has been habitually asked to prove she paid rent.

"Defendant repeatedly attempted to clarify that she does not (owe) any back
rent, and she has done so by showing her past payments to management, and
management has agreed with her," Fogarty wrote. "However, when management
changes, the past rent due resurfaces once again."

Hernandez also has complained because Jotar refused to make necessary repairs
around her apartment - ranging from a broken kitchen utensil drawer to faulty
shower facilities to a stained carpet she was told would be replaced years ago.

Thurman's office contacted Rural Development about Hernandez' concerns. But in a
procedure that frustrates Hernandez and other apartment residents, Rural
Development simply asked Jotar for its position and delivered the message to
Thurman.

"Why didn't they even talk to me?" Hernandez said. "Rural Development never even
asked me for my side."

Jotar began making headlines in the  fall after the Citrus County Sheriff's
Office targeted Atlantis Arms/Greenleaf Forest apartments as one of the county's
most troubled areas.

Frost said the most important concern expressed in Rural Development's report
deals with Jotar's failure to keep an experienced, full-time manager at the
apartments for more than a few months.

"There have been several management turnovers there at a fairly rapid pace,"
Frost said. "Jotar will be told to get a site manager that is experienced and
knows what they're doing, even if they have to pay a site manager some extra
money because of this complex having received a reputation of being a bad
complex to manage."

Tashia Hale, who operates Gainesville-based Jotar, said each time she hires a
new manager, she hopes he or she will stay for a long time. She also said that
Jotar tends to pay its managers more than other complexes do.

And because Jotar has dropped its eviction case against Hernandez, Hale refused
to answer questions about the company's dealings with the tenant.

"Actually, I have no need to respond to those things," she said.


LOAD-DATE: August 30, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: CITRUS TIMES

GRAPHIC: COLOR PHOTO, STEVE HASEL; Carla Hernandez says that Jotar Management,
which oversees Greenleaf Forest apartment complex, a government-subsidized
facility, hasn't repaired problems such as a faulty kitchen drawer.

                    Copyright 1999 Times Publishing Company


                             994 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Herald (Glasgow)

                                December 7, 1994

Welsh win rights to prime site East Kilbride a perfect start in Scotland, says
Redrow

SECTION: Pg. 11

LENGTH: 608 words


THE development rights for a 5.7-hectare site at Castleglen, East Kilbride, have
been awarded to a Welsh-based builder, Redrow Homes, the winner of an East
Kilbride Development Corporation design-and-build competition.

Castleglen is an attractive site three kilometres north-west of East Kilbride
town centre. The design guidelines insisted that the quality of the existing
environment, which includes a nearby castle mound, be retained in the design of
the housing development.

By offering the site at a fixed price of £32.2m, and by keeping guidelines to a
minimum, the competition aimed to give the housebuilding industry the
opportunity to come up with innovative ideas in residential layout and design.

A total of 107 design briefs were issued to interested builders following the
marketing of the competition in September. At the closing date, 14 submissions
were considered by the panel of judges.

Alan Bell, development manager at East Kilbride Development Corporation and a
panel member, said: "In the end it was Redrow's ability to integrate all aspects
of the design -- a blend of layout, house types and landscaping -- that stood
out.

"We were especially impressed with the unification of the urban and rural
environment where the landscaped setting, roads and dwellings blend
harmoniously, rather than simply appearing as separate and distinct elements
within a layout dictated by highways design."

The winning submission will provide 100 homes in a "Scottish style" of white
render with slate roof finishes, an unusual touch in an area dominated by red
-brick housing.

Redrow is one of the UK's major housebuilders, selling over 2000 houses last
year. The project marks its first development in Scotland, and construction work
on the site is scheduled to start early next year.

Steve Morgan, chairman of Redrow Group plc, said: "At the time of our flotation,
we announced our intention to launch a new regional operation in Scotland. East
Kilbride is a perfect start for what I am sure will become a very significant
region for the Redrow Group.

"We found the design competition an exciting and challenging formula and look
forward to putting our innovative designs into practice."

This is the second such competition run by the East Kilbride Corporation; a
competition was in June last year to develop the one remaining site at
Stewartfield, the largest private housing development in the west of Scotland.

Redrow celebrated its 20th anniversary this year, having grown from a one-man
business to a £185m-turnover organisation which provides employment for more
than 800 staff and 4000 sub-contractors.

The business was founded in 1974 by chairman Steve Morgan, then aged 21, with a
£5000 short-term loan from his father. In those early days the company operated
from the spare bedroom of Steve's bungalow in Rhyl, and concentrated on civil
engineering contracts.

During the early Eighties, Redrow began its diversification into housebuilding.
Acquisitions and organic growth both played a part in the company's development,
with the purchases of Whelmar Homes in 1987 and Costain Homes in 1993
representing significant milestones.

Redrow grew to become Britain's largest privately owned housebuilder prior to
its flotation on the London Stock Market in May 1994. The company recently
announced its first annual results as a plc, reporting profits of more than
£21m. More than 2000 houses were sold in the last financial year.

The company, which is also active in the commercial property, contracting and
interior design sectors, will seek a new base in Scotland.

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 1994

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: An artist's perspective of the Castleglen development. It wasRedrow's
ability to blend layout, house types and landscaping that stood out.

PUB-TYPE: Paper

                   Copyright 1994 Caledonian Newspapers Ltd.


                             995 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Burton Mail

                            February 9, 2004 Monday

Village post office plans thrown out

BYLINE: LAURIE COOMBS

LENGTH: 392 words


PLANS for a satellite post office in a South Derbyshire village have been thrown
out amid security fears.

Elderly residents in Kendrick's Close, Hartshorne, have hit out at Post Office
plans to house the part-time facility in the village's community hall, which is
situated behind their sheltered housing complex. Councillors refused the plans
during a meeting of South Derbyshire District Council's housing and community
services committee after a survey showed the majority of residents were strongly
against the proposals. In August, postmaster David Shadrack retired from the
village's Repton Road post office, but has since stayed on because a replacement
could not be found.

The Post Office proposed that a visiting sub-postmaster use Kendrick's Close two
mornings a week and provide a partial post office for residents who would have
difficulty getting to an alternative branch. The service would have been
provided from the communal lounge in the community hall and would have provided
pensions and allowances, postage stamps, utility bill paying, saving stamps,
National Savings Bank and personal banking. The Post Office was prepared to pay
rent to use the room and any profit from the arrangement would have been used to
provide equipment or social activities for Kendrick's Close residents as part of
the sheltered housing scheme. Bosses had previously suggested the satellite post
office be set up in Hartshorne Village Hall, but this was refused as it is
situated at the top of a steep hill and was not easily accessible to elderly
residents. Hartshorne's district councillor, Roy Bell, said: "These residents
are all elderly, and all 14 bungalows in the scheme are away from the road.
"They were concerned that, to access the community hall, people would have to
walk past their doors, which they felt was a security risk. "They have made
their decision and the Post Office is now endeavouring to find an alternative
site." Post Office spokesman Jane Beese said: "We are now looking at setting up
a part time post office in Dethick Hall, in Manchester Lane, as an extension of
the satellite services at Donisthorpe and Blackfordby. "This is in the early
stages and we will be consulting residents to ensure everyone is happy. "We aim
to maintain Post Office services in the area because we recognise how vital the
service is in rural areas."

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BM


                    Copyright 2004 Iliffe News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             996 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        SUNDAY TELEGRAM (Massachusetts)

                               May 7, 2006 Sunday
                                 NORTH EDITION

Mobile home park gets support of Lunenburg voters

BYLINE: Lynne Klaft, CORRESPONDENT

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 766 words

DATELINE: LUNENBURG


After considerable time and discussion, town meeting voters yesterday voted
unanimously in favor of providing sewer and water lines to Meadow Woods Mobile
Home Park.

Both the Board of Selectmen and the Finance Committee had voted to approve
recommendation of Article 16, in which the town proposed to apply for federal
rural development grants and low-interest loans to install a sewer line and
water lines to the park at 1790 Massachusetts Ave.

Three hundred residents, visitors and consultants had crowded the Lunenburg High
School auditorium to begin the annual town meeting yesterday morning.

Newly elected Town Moderator Timothy W. Murphy began the meeting by asking
residents to "turn off your noisemakers - phones, beepers; no hissing, no booing
or hollering," to a round of applause.

With 57 warrant articles to discuss and vote, the meeting was recessed at 4:30
p.m. until 7 p.m. Monday at the high school. Fewer than half of the articles had
been resolved, many with votes so close that hand counts were demanded by
residents.

In discussion about the mobile home park, chief administrative and financial
officer Daniel M. Keyes said a federal loan for 40 years would carry a 4.5
percent interest rate and the grant will be 30 percent to 70 percent of the
estimated $4.1 million cost.

"There will be no betterment assessment to the town. This will be paid for by
the owners and residents of the park," he said.

Selectman David W. Rodgers estimated that park residents may have to pay $136
per month for the sewer and water service.

The mobile home park is in receivership. Sixty-six trailer homes and an
estimated 130 people were affected by the vote.

"Most of these people have nowhere to go and can't afford high rents," said
court-appointed lawyer Peter Delchinos. "If this measure is not passed, the park
will be condemned and the town will be responsible for relocating these people."

"We understand the high cost of living. We are also paying mortgages," said park
resident Lanny A. Bentley Sr. "If the vote is no, we will lose our homes and
still have to continue paying our mortgages. The judge will have no choice."

At this point, Mr. Bentley asked residents of the park to stand up. "These are
your friends and neighbors. Please vote so that we can still have our homes."

The mobile home park has a diverse cross-section of young and old, working and
retired, and disabled people among its residents.

David Connors, EarthTech engineer for the project, said a 200-foot mound would
have to be built on site to accommodate a septic system, and the six wells
serving the park provide very poor water quality and quantity.

George Emond, chairman of the Board of Health, informed town meeting that the
board has been involved in the case for more than three years. "The park has
been privately owned for 50 to 60 years, and is now inoperable through neglect."

According to Mr. Emond, the septic system for the park is on the verge of
failure and the state will not allow an on-site system to be installed. Water
pressure is very low and water must be supplemented on a regular basis.

The board filed suit in Massachusetts Housing Court; the owner has been found to
be in contempt and is being fined.

"Repayment of the funding will be decided by the judge," Mr. Emond said.

If the park owner decides to sell the property after the improvements have been
made, the residents have first right of refusal.

In addition to the unanimous vote to support the mobile home park improvements,
town meeting also approved an article unanimously providing an easement through
one of the park resident's lot.

Three capital expense articles were approved by two-thirds vote: $275,000 to
rehabilitate the Ritter building for town government use; $346,798 for equipment
and vehicles; and $50,000 for Department of Public Works renovations. The
measures also need a majority vote at the town election May 20.

Voters also unanimously approved $150,000 for state-mandated landfill
maintenance; seven consent articles; $32,079 in lease payments; $35,000 for a
playground; and demolition of the old public safety building.

Defeated articles included $225,000 for drainage improvements on Summer Street;
charter revisions; a bylaw to appoint a Sewer Commission; and $200,000 for Town
Hall renovations.

Articles still to be discussed include the operational budget for town
government, $26.8 million; $450,000 for an athletic field, $275,000 for a storm
water management plan; easements; two dog articles; a land swap; sale of town
property; zoning changes; elderly property tax abatements; and a study of
elected official stipends.

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2006 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             997 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Kitsap Sun, Bremerton, Wash.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             June 5, 2010 Saturday

Former Owner of Stalled Woods View Development Files For Bankruptcy

BYLINE: Chris Henry, Kitsap Sun, Bremerton, Wash.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 899 words


Jun. 5--MANCHESTER -- Darlene Piper, South Kitsap attorney and real estate
entrepreneur who was a principal partner in the controversial Woods View
development, has filed for bankruptcy.

The property is now owned by Woods View II LLC, in which Piper had an interest
until 2008. It was to be sold at auction Friday by the lien holder, First
Citizens Bank & Trust of Tacoma. But the sale was rescheduled until July 9 due
to Piper's filing for bankruptcy May 6 in U.S. District Court in Tacoma, said
Terrence Donahue, attorney for First Citizens.

Court documents show Piper's net worth just shy of $1.3 million, but she owes
more than $18 million to creditors, including contractors on the partially
competed Woods View development at the corner of Woods and Farmer Dell roads.

Piper had an interest in other stalled developments, including the Quail Park
senior housing project in East Bremerton and Lundberg Landing in South Kitsap.
According to bankruptcy documents, a half dozen properties in which she has or
has had an interest are in foreclosure or have already been sold off.

Piper said her financial difficulties stem from a number of factors. A partner
filed for bankruptcy last year, and six of her commercial tenants closed
businesses, went bankrupt or otherwise breached their leases.

Two of the banks with which Piper had loans were taken over by the Federal
Deposit Insurance Corporation in 2009. First Citizens was formerly Venture Bank.
Federal-loss share agreements, which compensate the new bank for losses on loans
it assumes, serve as a disincentive to work with clients and resolve
foreclosures, Piper said.

Of all Piper's ventures, Woods View drew the most attention. Slated for 78 lots
on 12 acres, the project launched a widespread discussion of tiny "legacy lots"
that are located in many rural areas of Kitsap County.

The development, widely recognized as urban-scale development in a rural area,
was approved in March 2009 in Kitsap County Superior Court after a series of
appeals by the Beaver Creek Conservation Group.

The group raised many objections to the project, including a provision for a
large on-site sewage treatment system. Kitsap County subsequently issued a
moratorium on LOSS systems in rural areas, although the Woods View system is
vested. The LOSS ordinance, in a revised form, is set to be adopted into county
code June 14.

Delays caused by the neighbors' appeals were damaging but not fatal, Piper said.
Two homes were built and quickly sold.

"We had a builder lined up and numerous pre-sales for houses in the development
because they were competitively priced, $250,000 and less," she said.

But resistance to the project on the part of county officials ultimately led to
its undoing, Piper claims.

In December, Woods View II LLC filed suit against Kitsap County on Piper's
behalf, alleging county officials negligently delayed permitting for Woods View
and intentionally thwarted developers' efforts to get the LOSS system up and
running. Interference from the county caused one lender to back away, court
documents state.

Originally filed in Pierce County Superior Court, the case has been moved to
U.S. District Court in Tacoma. County officials have no comment on the lawsuit.

Piper's claim alleges former county administrator Cris Gears wrote to state
health and environmental officials discouraging them from approving the on-site
system, which in turn led to Karcher Creek Sewer District (now West Sound
Utility District) backing out as the municipal oversight agency.

Also named in the suit are Larry Keeton, the county's development director, and
deputy prosecuting attorney Shelly Kneip.

Dave Walden of John L. Scott Real Estate of Port Orchard, listing agent for
Woods View, said the LOSS issue has discouraged some potential buyers. Currently
there is a market for discounted plats among out-of-state companies able to bide
their time until the economy improves, Walden said. He showed the property
Friday, but the LOSS proved a sticking point.

According to Walden, another option for whoever ends up owning the property
would be to let it revert to a lesser density.

But Piper said a plan for managing the LOSS is in place and Woods View remains
viable. The state Department of Health approved contracts the developers had
signed with Aqua Test, a private company in Black Diamond, to operate the LOSS.
Another sewer district has agreed to serve as the third-party overseer, as
required by state law.

On the issue of legacy lots, Piper said, the county needs to clarify its code so
that property owners, developers and those who object to the lots can have
certainty of what's allowed and what isn't.

The county is developing new policies to do just that, Keeton said Wednesday.
Legacy lots and LOSS are associated in the public's mind, he said, because the
on-site sewer is one of the few options available for the small lots. But Keeton
said it made sense for the department of community development to address each
prickly issue separately.

To see more of the Kitsap Sun or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.kitsapsun.com. Copyright (c) 2010, Kitsap Sun, Bremerton, Wash.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20100605-1BR-Former-Owner-of-Stalled-Woods-View-Development-Files-For-Bankruptcy
-0605

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1BR


                           Copyright 2010 Kitsap Sun


                             998 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Herald (Glasgow)

                            December 21, 2007 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Property chief says financial market is a black hole

BYLINE: SIMON BAIN

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 39

LENGTH: 488 words


A LARGE star burns, explodes into a supernova and collapses into a dense mass of
increasing gravitational attraction. . . the financial market presently
resembles a black hole into which increasing quantities and categories of credit
are disappearing."

So says Douglas Lowe, chairman of AIM-listed property group Caledonian Trust, in
his annual economic dissertation to shareholders in the company's annual results
statement.

Lowe says banks stoked up the crisis by securitising highrisk loans, using
"effectively a financial philosopher's stone that transmutes low-grade credit
into investment grade loans".

He notes: "The Hudson Institute now estimates writeoffs in America will be
dollars-600bn-dollars-800bn (GBP302bnGBP402bn). It seems incredible that in 1998
it was considered a crisis when LTCM collapsed leaving total debts of. . . just
dollars-3bn."

On the bombed-out property market, he begins: "When force is applied to a pure
homogeneous quartz crystal, it, unlike an impure crystal, does not exhibit any
change or 'foreshock' as the force is increased until, without warning, it
shatters."

He goes on: "Bank investment has increased, more and more complex . . .
investment vehicles have been created, reasonable expectation of returns has
diminished progressively and depended more and more on increasing capital values
rather than rental growth, while financing costs rise, and . . . latterly taxi
drivers and student bar staff first asked advice on, and then gave advice on,
such investments."

He concludes that UK investment property "appears over-priced as rental growth
is likely to be limited, yields are likely to rise further and effective
interest rates will continue to be high".

Residential property would fall in price in the short term, but in the long term
prices would continue to rise.

"Neither current nor prospective economic conditions will detract from the
opportunity of uncovering specific situations from which substantial value can
be created by effecting planning change."

Caledonian now owns 15 rural development sites, most of them in Perthshire where
new planning policy on the conversion of steadings is already being implemented.
It also holds "four significant city centre sites, two small sites in the
Edinburgh area and 73 plots near Dunbar, " in addition to its investment
portfolio The group has reported a loss of GBP244,153 in the year to June 30,
2007, compared with a profit of GBP129,509 last year - though the second half
showed a profit of GBP154,431. Interest costs jumped by GBP464,587 to GBP508,093
due to significantly higher borrowings and slightly higher interest rates.

The trust's current year results would "continue to reflect the early stage of
the development cycle", as the first development site would not be completed
this year, Lowe said.

His analysis concludes: "I expect growth to be curtailed but a recession
narrowly avoided and damage to the UK economy to be limited."

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GH


                      Copyright 2007 Newsquest Media Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                             999 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Sunday Telegraph (Australia)

                            January 13, 2008 Sunday
                            Y - Money & You Edition

MONEY MATTERS

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 788  words


How to help poor to help themselves

The credit crisis may be fouling billion-dollar takeover deals, but if you're a
poor African seamstress who needs a loan for a new sewing machine, you could not
ask for a better borrowing market to expand your business.

Anybody with as little as $US25 to spare ($A28.75) can now fund third-world
entrepreneurs and give them a much-needed helping hand, through a revolutionary
new Internet site.

The www.kiva.org site, a ``micro-financing'' website, matches individual lenders
with impoverished entrepreneurs in the developing world.

Steve Thomas, 50, a Chicago tax consultant, got started by lending $US50
($A57.50) to a man in Togo, who makes a living refurbishing used sneakers for
resale. The loan was repaid in full and Thomas has gone on to fund 83 more
ventures, from a cyber cafe in Ecuador to mushroom-growing in Moldova.

Micro-lending has been in use for decades. Muhammad Yunus shared the 2006 Nobel
Peace Prize with Grameen Bank, the lender he founded in the early 1980s to help
empower Bangladesh's rural poor. Several other institutions have developed since
then, but Kiva is the first to open direct micro-lending opportunities to the
general public with an online platform.

Kiva hit the publicity jackpot in September when Oprah Winfrey featured the
organisation on her daytime TV show, attracting a tidal wave of interest from
Middle America. Its 211,000 users have lent a total of $US18.7 million ($A21.51
million).

Demand was so high, on the day the episode aired, that every loan bid on the
site was met. Since then, Kiva has limited lenders to a $US25 portion of each
loan, the average of which is about $US600 ($A690.25). Even with the $US25 cap,
Kiva's lenders manage to fully fund each loan in 0.97 days, on average.

Aiesha Turman, 33, was web-surfing when she stumbled upon Kiva. Intrigued by the
organisation's name, which comes from the Swahili word for ``agreement'' or
``unity'','' the Brooklyn-based museum educator browsed through lender profiles.
She identified with a Tanzanian shopkeeper who shared the same first name and,
like Turman, was mother to one child.

The shopkeeper paid Turman back in full, consistent with 99.82 per cent of all
Kiva loans. Instead of reclaiming her $US25, she went on to fund new loans,
zeroing in on women with children.

``It's particularly harder for women, in general, to move up the ladder, but
especially in a developing nation,'' Turman said, adding that, by lending to
mothers, ``you're not just helping an individual, you're helping a community.''

Turman and Thomas say they don't mind not earning any interest on the loans they
make. The interest charged to the borrowers goes mostly toward the
administration of the loan, which can be expensive and time-consuming in areas
where infrastructure is barely developed.

The average interest rates charged by Kiva's field partners is 22 per cent,
though the rates range from 4 per cent to 50 per cent. Rates are determined by
the region and by the size of the local organisation and the services they offer
to borrowers. In some parts of Latin America, loan rates of 50 per cent are
still cheaper than borrowing from a local money lender, whose rates can top 100
per cent. Despite earning only an emotional return, lenders are snapping up loan
requests almost as fast as Kiva's partners can add new borrowers. For more
details, visit www.kiva.org

Quick fix for rate rises

ONE in three people looking to take a new mortgage soon will fix their interest
rate, according to a survey by the Mortgage and Finance Association of Australia
(MFAA) and BankWest.

The MFAA's Phil Naylor said: ``There is concern in the market about the prospect
of another rate rise in February and this may be fuelling a rush of people
locking-in their rates.

``Our survey has shown that the November rate rise was reasonably well tolerated
by borrowers, but that the pain is getting closer. According to our stats, about
39.3 per cent of people will be uncomfortable or very uncomfortable with another
0.25 per cent rate rise.''

Home units galore

A surge in building approvals -- effectively, the number of new properties being
built -- is fuelling fresh optimism about the housing market, which has been
underperforming for years.

More approvals will mean more supply in a year or so's time and that could help
ease Sydney's rental crisis and also slow house-price growth, which is being
squeezed up by lack of supply, despite high interest rates.

Commsec's Craig James said: ``The latest building figures result was boosted by
a massive increase in NSW apartment approvals. Investors may also be warming to
higher house prices and surging rents, starting to shift attention from the
sharemarket to the property market.''

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STE


                   Copyright 2008 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             1000 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                February 1, 1999

Let Prosperity Reach Further

BYLINE: BY ROBERT E. RUBIN, Treasury Secretary; Mr. Rubin recently addressed the
Wall Street Project Conference, where he talked about ways the government is
promoting development in distressed areas.  His excerpted remarks are presented
as our Open Forum.

SECTION: OPEN FORUM; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 796 words


There is an enormous amount to do to promote growth and opportunity in America's
urban and rural economically distressed areas, places fraught with poverty and
economic duress.

I have long held the belief -- and more importantly, President Clinton deeply
believes -- that this country will fall far short of its full economic potential
for all Americans, unless our least well off have a real opportunity to join the
economic mainstream.

Providing this opportunity is not simply a social issue or a moral issue, but an
economic issue of great personal importance to each of us.

The foundation for a successful strategy of promoting growth in distressed areas
is strong economic growth, which in turn creates a tighter labor market, as we
have now, and thereby increases the availability of jobs and tends to increase
incomes at all levels.

Beyond economic growth, this Administration has focused on three key areas --
three areas that are mutually reinforcing -- to promote opportunity and growth
in the inner cities and other distressed areas: investing in people through
education and training; improving public safety, by putting 100,000 new police
on the streets, enacting tougher gun laws and other measures; and -- in an area
we are intensely focused on at Treasury -- expanding access to capital.  Let me
now focus on that third area for a few moments.

Despite the fact that financial markets in the United States are today the most
innovative, the broadest and deepest in the world, we still have a severe
shortage of financial institutions and credit to create housing and jobs in our
inner cities and distressed rural communities.

As a reflection of the importance we place on these issues, we have established,
for the first time in the history of the Treasury Department, an office
specializing in these issues, as well as on tax incentives for development in
distressed areas, the Office of Community Development Policy.  Through that
office we are focusing on three fundamental challenges going forward.

First, we must protect the Community Reinvestment Act, which expands access to
capital from mainstream financial institutions.  We have greatly improved CRA by
streamlining its regulations so that they focus on performance, not paperwork.
CRA has been an enormous success.  Over the last six years, according to
non-profit community groups, banks and thrifts have made commitments to provide
over $ 1 trillion in capital to low income communities.  Home Mortgage
Disclosure Act data shows that since 1993, home loans to African-Americans have
increased by 58 percent, to Hispanics by 62 percent, to Asians by 29 percent and
to low and moderate income borrowers by 38 percent, all well above the overall
market.

Second, we must strengthen the Community Development Financial Institutions
Fund, or CDFI Fund.  We will ask Congress this year for $ 125 million for the
CDFI Fund in the new budget to give this critical program the necessary
resources to continue its success.  Over the last several years we have
implemented President Clinton's vision of a CDFI fund, which gives funding to
small, community development organizations.

Third, we must build on our efforts to encourage economic growth in low income
communities through tax incentives for business investment.  Over the last
several years, we have enacted a number of incentives, from the so-called
brownfields tax incentive to spur the clean up and redevelopment of thousands of
abandoned, environmentally contaminated sites in under-served communities to two
rounds of Empowerment Zones.

We made the low income housing tax credit permanent, and we are now proposing to
expand it by 40 percent.

Building on these efforts, the President announced today (Jan. 15) a proposal
for a new tax incentive to spur the private sector to make equity investments to
help grow businesses in our nation's cities and rural communities.  This New
Markets Tax Credit could help foster $ 6 billion in new equity investment in
low-income communities over the next five years.  A community development
investment fund, if selected, would be able to offer potential investors a 6
percent tax credit for five years, cutting the investors' cost of capital by 25
percent.

This past year has been a year of significant crisis in the global economy, a
crisis that has affected hundreds of millions of people around the globe, in
nearly every country, including our own.  While we must be and have been
intensely focused on this crisis, because our own economic well being is
integrally related to the well being of the global economy, we must also remain
focused on being strong at home, and making sure the residents of our distressed
areas have a real opportunity to enter the economic mainstream.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture, no caption

                         Copyright 1999 Faulkner & Gray
